Information


Table of Contents URL: https://novelbin.me/novel-book/my-longevity-simulation#tab-chapters-title



The path of immortality is nigh unachievable. Furthermore, the immortal world has been... Read more The path of immortality is nigh unachievable.Furthermore, the immortal world has been completely transformed by a plague!When immortals contact infected mortals, their cultivation bases fall, or worse, they return to the heavens; thus, the immortal and mortal realms have been eternally separated.Moreover, all immortal arts may only have one practitioner; thus, the world of immortality has become a dark forest.…Although Li Fan had grand ambitions when he first transmigrated to this world, he could only be trapped in mediocrity, slowly wasting away his mundane life.Fortunately, as he was dying, he finally awakened a supreme treasure that could turn truth into lie and reality into dream, reversing time to when he first arrived!Following this, Li Fan embarked on his endless path to immortality!In his second life, Li Fan ascended through politics and ruled the world after 50 years, but after searching worldwide, he found no trace of the Immortal Dao. Only at the end of his life could he glimpse the immortal path.In the third life, despite immense efforts and carefully laid schemes, Li Fan ultimately couldn’t resist a single strike of an immortal’s sword!In the fourth life……I, Li Fan, an ordinary mortal, will harbor no regrets throughout a thousand lifetimes, all for the pursuit of immortality! Collapse Antihero Protagonist, Apathetic Protagonist, Appearance Changes, Charismatic Protagonist, Clever Protagonist, Cultivation, Cunning Protagonist, Evil Protagonist, Game Elements, Hiding True Abilities, Hiding True Identity, Male Protagonist, Manipulative Characters, Pragmatic Protagonist, Proactive Protagonist, Ruthless Protagonist, Schemes And Conspiracies, Time Loop, Transmigration just noticed the cover look cool. Guys recommend me some interesting novels like My Longevity Simulation,My Divine Diary,Greed: All For What?,Cursed Immortality,Logging 10,000 Years into the FutureIt need not to be same genres but it need to be interesting to read, plz help me My alter ego path to greatness, I am doing daily task in Wizarding world, Lord of Mysteries, My House of Horror, Reverend Insanity, Omniscient first person PoV, Eminence in shadow(LN), The experimental log of carzy lich, The Villain Wants to Live, Taming the Villainess, Strange grief wants to retire. Great Can you recommend a novel similar to "To be a power in shadows"? No romance, is it true Everyone keep saying that this novel is good but I'm struggling whether I'm gonna read this or not. It's because that some people says that the mc has a certain traits as Fang Yuan. In my opinion, Fang Yuan kinda has a persinality of a psychopath, And I don't really like that very much. Can someone explain to me how exactly his personality is? are you joking? the comment right under yours exactly explains it. Which was posted the day after this post it was posted 2 days after your post on jan14 you are something else. how do you think the post is under yours? its not a comment, but a new post. okay maybe youre new at this, <-- make sure theres no dots on the top left. It's not that he's a psychopath. His personality changed over time, hundreds and thousands of years in which he played different roles. It is difficult to maintain a normal attitude towards people when the same person can at different times be a teacher, a friend, a traitor, or simply die due to a seemingly insignificant change in the situation. The hero notes these changes and accepts them. Around chapter 1150 the mc continuously plots revenge on guys that slightly harmed him in the past. It completely contradicts his previously established character traits.The further you go the stupider he gets. At one point he finds a guy who he knows us from another world and attacks him for no reason, obviously this fails and his soul is poisoned, but he still acts all arrogant and attacks him again. I can’t stand his personality, he thinks he above everyone else just because he got lucky. Most of his feats are due to plot armour. He gets more and more arrogant, vengeful, and lucky as time passes. I really hope he gets put in his place. I am not even sure wtf you talking about give me little more details so I might help you understand what is actually going on. Also why the f#ck he is spoiling the novel Bro you should give spoiler tag Nah man , you are just nitpicking .I have read the mtl too bruh . Quote: gfczcultivation stagesQuote: gfczCultivation of this world SpoilerIt was Corrupted by the Dharma preaching venerable. In the beginning all cultivator (people born with spritual root) follow the path of heaven and cultivate step by step by learning the great dao (normal xianxia cultivation) but after the venerable preach the new path, anyone can become a cultivator and cultivate faster and stronger than old cultivators but they must go against the heaven and devor the power of heaven thus slowly killing the heaven which is why they are hated by the heaven.Cultivation Realms:SpoilerTo get started mortal must clean themself of mortal miasma and try sensing the spiritual energy of the heaven and earth.Qi Refining = SpoilerMust condense a strand of spritual energy in their body and officially start cultivation journey.Foundation Establishment = SpoilerOnce you complete qi refinement to perfection you must find a spritual item to build your foundation. The quality of the item you based your foundation on will determine the quality of the foundation. [Once you use that item to build your foundation it merge with your body thus stealing it from the heaven and making it your own.]Golden Core / Core Formation = SpoilerMust observe and intergrade a law fragment heaven related to your foundation item and merging it with your foundation and creating a core that belong only to you.Nascent Soul = SpoilerMust devour a blessed land (similar to a small world/grotto heaven but smaller) that are created by old cultivators or naturally born between heaven and earth. Once reaching this step most physical injuries are negligible with the incredible vitality and spritual feedback you recevied from your blessed land. [The blessed lands are limited and if cultivators keeps doing this the world can no longer support new blessed land and the whole world will become barren and there can no longer be anymore nascent soul cultivators]Divine Transformation = SpoilerMust devor the changes of law in the cultivation world and integrate it into your own blessed land thus stealing the power of creation and potential from heaven to grow your own inner world. [Eg: According to the way of heaven in a few millinium a small lake will become a large ocean and nuture innumerable lifeforms, a water cultivator can steal this mandate of heaven which wil make his blessed land flourish but harm the world since the lake will never become an ocean and all its potential is loss. If enough people do it, the whole cultivation world will stagnate and wither.]Dao Fusion / Unity = SpoilerMust kill and devor the soul of heaven. These are being created by heaven to heal the cultivation world from the harm cultivators have cause. Killing them cause immsense hatred from heaven as well as amplified the flaw in the world the soul of heaven is trying to fix.[Eg: Became of some reason (most likely done by stupid cultivators) that cause the space to rupture and void to leak into the world, if the problem cannot be fixed by people and may cause irreversible damage to the foundation of the world heaven will send a soul of heaven to fix it BUUT if cultivators defeat and devour it to advance their realm then what will heaven to the problem it was supposed to fix? It'll fester and cause irreprable damage to the foundation of the world]Eternal Heavenly Lord = SpoilerThey are also called immortal venerables in the current cultivation world and they are peak of the world. They must understand complete law of heaven and REVERSE it, making it a part of the world. And since they become a parasite to the heavently law they can exist as long as their law a.k.a cultivation world exist. [Eg: Law of life and death. Everything that's alive will die one day and what is death can no longer be alive. That is the way of heaven but if you reverse it them people who are death can come back to life and people who are alive can become undead. The preversion of this law of life and death is called 'Rebirth']---------Immortal - SpoilerThe people who have broken through the limit of cultivation world and ascended to the upper immortal realm are called Immortal. Their powers of unfathomable and a single one of them can dominate the entire cultivation world. Sadly, the path of transcendence is broken and no-one can become immortal anymore.I'm reading MTL and the constant changes in names are confusing me. I'll keep this here /spam/ This...Quote: The_Peanut_GallaryJust a message for those who can't wait for the official translation can go ahead to read here where I translated using chat gpt. Translation is much better than mtl and google translation. I'll continue to add there as I read ahead. https://m.webnovel.com/book/my-longevity-simulation_28050609508559105/chapter-126-seven-colored-falling-immortal-array_75297811989584461 Great story. It's rare to come across such a good novel. Closer to the point, this is a time loop in the world of cultivation. I was reminded of "Mother of Learning" and "The Perfect Run" more than once.This is a damn big story with many twists and new perspectives on already known things. No spoilers, you won't regret reading it.The only thing is as I said, this is a big story and it is unfinished if you are afraid of MTL it will be a difficult challenge I have a question in this in novel is mc getting set back in time or he is experiencing simulation. I am confused its just like time travelling.The time he spent in that iteration became false, and he returned to the save point. Thanks





Chapter 1: Where Do Immortals Come From?


Grand Xuan Kingdom, Xuanjing City, Imperial Advisor's mansion.

Li Fan was holding his wine cup, looking at the civil and military officials who had come to celebrate his birthday in the hall. Even though he was now old, he could not help but feel smug in his heart.

It should be noted that today, nine out of ten court officials packed the Imperial Advisor's residence!

To think that Li Fan was just a poor scholar when he first came into this world.

Over the past fifty years, he had gone from having nothing to being an immensely powerful official. His story would be enough to write a novel with millions of words.

When life is like this, what more could one ask for?

Li Fan stroked his beard and drank the wine in his cup.

"To the birthday of the Imperial Advisor!"

The crowd of officials present congratulated in unison.

Li Fan's pride swelled.

Just then, a burst of discordant exclamations suddenly came from outside.

"Quickly look! What is that!"

"Streams of fire are falling from the sky; this is auspicious! Quickly go tell the Imperial Master!"

"How come it seems to be flying towards our Imperial Master's residence?"

......

Hearing the clamor outside the manor, Li Fan frowned.

The lobby, which was still somewhat lively, abruptly quieted down.

Li Fan got up and took the lead to walk out.

However, before he had the chance to scold his subordinates and express the dissatisfaction in his heart, he was captivated by the scenery in the sky.

Far away in the sky, two silver-colored lights, one after the other, like meteors, were speeding towards the manor.

"This is..." Li Fan froze.

The two meteors arrived above Xuanjing City in the blink of an eye and abruptly stopped.

At the same time, a voice like thunder descended from the sky and exploded in everyone's ears.

"Dao Xuanzi! Do not overstep your bounds!"

......

The people present were horrified. A few people even called out, "Immortal master!" and directly fell to the ground in obeisance.

And a word that had been suppressed in the depths of his memories and was almost on the verge of being forgotten was suddenly popping out of Li Fan's mind.

"Cultivator... immortal cultivator!" Li Fan was stunned and muttered, "How is this possible..."

The two immortal cultivators in the sky obviously didn't care what the crowd of mortals below thought.

Only another voice rang out, "Kou Hong! Do you think I will let you go just because you escaped to this Land of Immortal Extinction? Hand over the technique you obtained that day, or I won't rest until you're dead!"

"Ridiculous! It's because of the lack of a Golden Core technique that I've been trapped in the Foundation Stage for nearly a hundred years. I'm about to turn into withered bones; my end is approaching. However, I have now finally obtained a Golden Core technique. How could I possibly hand it over to others!" Kou Hong snorted coldly, his tone full of disdain.

"Indeed!" Dao Xuanzi sighed, "A Golden Core technique with no other practitioners, an irreplaceable treasure. Although many Golden Core techniques exist, innumerable cultivators are stuck at the Foundation Establishment stage!"

Dao Xuanzi's tone suddenly turned ferocious, "In that case, now that the gate to longevity is in front of me, how could I possibly let you off the hook, and how could I possibly not overstep my boundaries!"

Kou Hong laughed out loud, "It's just a single technique! It's ridiculous that despite how you and I have been brothers for a hundred years, we're now fighting to the death for a chance of survival!"

Dao Xuanzi laughed coldly and did not reply.

Kou Hong suddenly said, "I know I'm no match for you, and I'm sure I won't be able to escape today. But there are so many mortals here, and I don't know if you can withstand such a concentration of Immortal-Mortal Miasma!"

Dao Xuanzi immediately changed color: "Kou Hong! What do you want to do?"

Kou Hong laughed madly, "I'm just seeking a ray of hope!"

Listening to the conversation between the two immortal cultivators above his head, Li Fan felt dread in his heart. However, before he could react, he saw a crimson flame explode above Xuanjing City.

"Boom, boom, boom, boom!"

Deafening rumbles erupted in Li Fan's ears, and his sight instantly turned blood-red. A moment later, he fainted.

......

It took some time for Li Fan to wake up.

At first, he was a bit dizzy. It was only after a long time that he remembered what had happened.

Li Fan coughed and spat out a few mouthfuls of blood, trembling as he climbed up and looked towards his surroundings.

It was still nighttime, and the formerly luxurious Imperial Master's mansion had already become a ruin.

The surrounding air was full of the unpleasant smell of burnt corpses.

The civil and military personnel of the dynasty who celebrated a few moments ago were all dead.

Li Fan's wives, concubines, and five sons were not spared either.

Li Fan's aged face betrayed no emotion. His gaze was dull.

After standing in place for a long time, he dragged his weak body out of the Imperial Master's mansion.

Xuanjing City, which was incredibly prosperous and lively a few moments ago, had become a hell of blood and fire. There were broken bodies and collapsed buildings as far as the eye could see.

The people who survived the calamity must have been less than one in a hundred.

All this was because of the two "immortal masters" who suddenly came down.

Li Fan lost his strength and casually sat down in a broken wall corner.

His hearing had long been destroyed in the violent explosion just now. However, it mattered not.

At this moment, he only wanted to laugh.

How could there be immortal cultivators in this world?

Ever since he became an official, he had used the power in his hands to search for traces of any immortal Dao that might exist.

After he became an Imperial Master and ruled ten thousand people, he rummaged through the entire world!

His rule extended as far north as the Ice Sea, as south as the Great Ocean, as east as the Ruins Abyss, and as west as the Lian Shan Mountains.

There was no trace of an immortal's existence in the entire Grand Xuan!

But today, several years after his hope had died, two immortal cultivators descended from the heavens and came to him. Without a second thought, they twisted everything he possessed to pieces.

Is this immortality?

And where do immortals come from?

The anger and unwillingness that filled his heart turned into endless bewilderment.

Heaven's will was wrong!

At the same time, Li Fan felt incomparably fortunate.

He was glad that before he died, he finally confirmed the existence of immortals!

Otherwise, wouldn't he have to waste another fifty years after he started his next life?

That's right! How was he, a mere mortal, able to go from being a humble scholar to being an Imperial Master? How could he not have something to rely on?

This was also the reason why he was able to survive a narrow escape from the immortals.

"[Truth]!"

Li Fan murmured in his heart, and the scenery around him suddenly dimmed. It was murky and hard to see as if a thick water curtain separated them.

"Truth to lies, reality to dream."

Six prominent words lit up in the darkness, then quickly dispersed, turning into a curtain of light.

"Charging complete."

"Virtualize the current scene and return to the initial anchor point?"

Small letters appeared one after another.

At the same time, images appeared one after another, spreading over the entire light screen rapidly.

It was the fifty years of Li Fan's life in this world.

Li Fan froze for a long time as he looked at himself in the various images.

[Truth]

That was the name Li Fan gave to this rare treasure he carried with him.

It had only one function: transforming truth into falsehood and reality into emptiness!

The so-called transforming of the real into the imaginary meant transforming everything that Li Fan had experienced into a simulated illusory experience, causing Li Fan to return to the anchor point he had initially set up when he had just traveled to this world.

In fact, this timeline was Li Fan's second life.

Although Li Fan had great aspirations in his first life, he could not achieve them because of his lack of talent. After failing to pass the imperial exams repeatedly, he finally quit studying to become a merchant after turning thirty. He ran a small business, became an ordinary rich man, married, had children, and lived a normal life. It was only when he was dying of old age that he finally awakened [Truth].

This was Li Fan's second life, an unstoppable journey towards success.

It was a pity that it was ruined now.

After pondering momentarily, Li Fan did not choose to end this life immediately. Before that, he still had a few things to do.

Turning off the light screen and returning to reality, Li Fan steadied himself and dealt with the aftermath of Xuanjing's heavy damage.

After gathering the people who had survived, Li Fan stabilized the people's hearts through his years of prestige.

Even though Li Fan could not hear, he could still find a pen and paper. Although communicating was a bit troublesome, it did not hinder Li Fan's orders from being conveyed.

First, Li Fan ordered his garrison battalion outside the city to come to Xuanjing City as soon as possible to maintain order after the disaster. Then, he sent orders to the neighboring towns to transfer food, provisions, and officials to Xuanjing.

Most of the buildings in Xuanjing were destroyed, and after the garrison battalion took over Xuanjing, Li Fan stayed in the barracks to preside over the aftermath.

Li Fan's decree constantly transported materials and talents from the neighboring cities towards Xuanjing City.

After a month, the ruined Xuanjing City had slightly recovered some of its lively atmosphere.

Only after the Grand Xuan Kingdom had finally recovered from the strike by the immortals did Li Fan begin to order the people to collect information about the two immortals that appeared that night.

This included where they came from, where they traveled to, and whether they had any other conversations.

Unfortunately, after several months of investigation, nothing else was found besides knowing that the two immortals seemed to have appeared from the direction of the Ruins Abyss in the east.

Li Fan's hope of profiting from both immortals dying didn't seem to happen.

"Shouldn't have expected such a thing." Li Fan sighed in his heart. "In that case, nothing is left for me in this world."

Standing in the newly built Imperial Master's mansion, Li Fan again turned on [Truth].

"Virtualize the current scene and return to the initial anchor point?"

Li Fan no longer hesitated and chose yes.

On the light screen, countless lifelike images stood still simultaneously. Subsequently, this life's glory and wealth shattered like an illusion, transforming into countless streaks of light that flew into Li Fan's mind.

Scene after scene flashed before Li Fan's eyes like a flickering lantern. Finally, the stage was fixed on the two immortal cultivators facing each other on top of the Imperial Advisor's mansion.

"Dao Xuanzi, Kou Hong." Li Fan softly recited the names of the two. "Fifty years later, I will be waiting for you here in Xuanjing City."

"Riches and wealth are but meaningless pursuits to me." Li Fan's consciousness gradually became blurry, but his will remained stronger than ever.

"In the next life, I will capture immortals!"

The light in his mind gradually disappeared, and Li Fan slowly fell into a deep sleep.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 2: Aspiring to Seek Eternal Life


In the darkness, a line of small glowing words appeared on the screen.

[After returning to the year of anchoring, you acted abnormally due to your ecstasy. This led to you almost being drowned by your aunt in holy water from the village witch.]

[When there was still half a year before the countryside examination, you studied hard at home from dawn to dusk. Since you already knew the questions, you were full of confidence. Although your aunt complained about you, she always supported you in your studies.]

[The village chief's brother coveted your family's ancestral fertile fields and secretly plotted to take them. Your aunt attempted resistance but failed. You managed to solve this matter with a little trickery. Your aunt looked at you in a different light from then on.]

[Half a year later, you took the provincial examination. Despite ranking below thirty others, you finally succeeded in becoming a scholar, honoring your ancestors.]

[After being anchored for 2 years, you traveled to Xuanjing City to take part in the Imperial Examination. You were prepared for the test questions and naturally excelled. You performed admirably in the Imperial Examination and claimed the place of the second-class scholar.]

[You traveled around Xuanjing City and finally achieved your goal by being assigned the post of the magistrate of Wen County in Jiangnan.]

[In the third year, you picked up your aunt at home and assumed the post of Wen County magistrate. You began to secretly develop a network of trusted subordinates. In the same year, you led your men to discover precious mineral deposits in the deep mountains that you remembered from your previous life.]

[In the fourth year, you successfully made a batch of explosives and muskets. Your musketry team was able to eliminate a nearby mountain bandit camp with little effort.]

[In the fifth year, there was a severe drought in Jiangnan Province, displacing many people. Because of your earlier water conservation efforts, Wen County was relatively unaffected. In the same year, a group of migrants gathered to rebel and prepared to attack the Langya Prince's residence. You provided crucial assistance and saved his family. The Prince of Langya was very grateful to you.]

[In the sixth year, you were promoted to the governor of Jiangnan Province. In the same year, you married the daughter of the Minister of Personnel.]

[In the seventh year, there was a locust plague in Jiangnan Province, and the grain harvest was in short supply. Only those under your rule were minimally affected. In the same year, your wife gave birth to a son for you.]

[In the eighth year, your men succeeded in making flintlock pistols.]

[In the tenth year, Lady Langya gave birth to a son. You personally came to offer congratulations, and presented a well-prepared gift]

[In the fifteenth year, the Emperor was struck by a sudden illness. Before he died, he summoned the Prince of Langya to the capital and passed the throne to him. The Prince of Langya succeeded the throne and changed his name to Emperor Xuanjing.]

[In the sixteenth year, Emperor Xuanjing summoned you to the capital and promoted you to Minister of War. In the same year, there were simultaneous rebellions of various sizes in various places. Emperor Xuanjing ordered you to lead the army to quell the rebellions.]

[In the eighteenth year, you traveled all over the world and swept away the rebels. After returning to the capital, Emperor Xuanjing revoked your military power and granted you the position of tutor of the Crown Prince.]

[In the twentieth year, the Empress was suddenly caught in a witchcraft case. Emperor Xuanjing was furious and exiled her to the Winter Palace. When the Crown Prince privately sought your help, you decisively agreed. After a private investigation, you found evidence that Consort Xi Fei framed the Empress, proving the Empress’s innocence. Emperor Xuanjing slaughtered Consort Xi Fei and her family, but did not release the Empress from the Winter Palace].

[In the twenty-first year, someone secretly accused you of treason and submitted evidence of your private mining and secret armed forces. You were anxious and wrote a letter of apology. Emperor Xuanjing dismissed you from the post of minister, but allowed you to still tutor the crown prince.]

[In the twenty-third year, Emperor Xuanjing was on a spring hunting trip and decided to go back to the Langya royal residence in Jiangnan province to have a look.]

[In the twenty-fourth year, Emperor Xuanjing visited Jiangnan and ordered you to accompany him. You also visited a few mines which you had previously secretly exploited.]

[In the twenty-fifth year, Emperor Xuanjing went to Jiangnan for the third time. This time, he did not bring you. Three months later, you secretly received news that someone had denounced you for privately traveling to the Winter Palace to visit the Empress. In the same year, Emperor Xuanjing was assassinated on his way back to the capital. When the news came back, the capital was shaken. The officials invited the Empress out of the Winter Palace, and the Crown Prince succeeded to the throne with the name of Emperor Kangning.]

[In the twenty-sixth year, you were appointed as the Imperial Advisor and became the Chief Minister of the Parliamentary Court, achieving the highest position. The young emperor was highly dependent on you. Taking this opportunity, you established your influence in the court.

[In the twenty-seventh year, your aunt passed away. You once again thought of seeking immortality, so you sent people to explore the traces of the existence of immortals in various places.]

[In the twenty-eighth year, the Emperor came of age. But your power never stopped growing, and the court became your own.]

[In the thirtieth year, the world only acknowledged the Imperial Advisor and hardly knew the Emperor.]

[In the thirty-first year, the Empress Dowager became pregnant and urgently called you to the palace to discuss. With great joy, you secretly took the Empress Dowager back to the Imperial Advisor’s residence to take care of her. In the same year, the Empress Dowager gave birth to a son for you.]

[In the thirty-third year, when you entered the court alone, you were surrounded by the guards secretly trained by Emperor Kangning. Luckily, with the help of a special treasure, you managed to save your life. You were furious and wanted to kill the emperor and establish your rule. However, under the Empress Dowager's desperate plea and the persuasion of the ministers around you, you refrained from taking action. You purged all of the Emperor's close ministers. After that, Emperor Kangning only held the name of Emperor, losing all power.]

[In the thirty-eighth year, Emperor Kangning died in a state of depression. You made your eldest son the emperor and changed his name to Emperor Longchang.]

[In the fortieth year, the Empress Dowager died of illness. Your desire for immortality grew more intense.]

[In the forty-fifth year, your wife died]

[In the forty-sixth year, your eldest son died of illness.]

[In the forty-eighth year, after decades of fruitless searching for immortality, you gave up.]

[After being anchored for 50 years, two immortals came west from the Ruins Abyss, destroying Xuanjing City. You miraculously survived.]

......

[The simulation ends.]

[You can choose one of the following options to keep:

1. An item possessed by you during this simulation.

2. Your cultivation level in this simulation.

3. The simulated memories of a person close to you in this simulation. These memories can be inherited by that person.

4. Abandon the above choices to accelerate the recharging progress.]

Li Fan regained consciousness and found himself back in his humble study.

Taking in the familiar yet unfamiliar scenery, his past decades of experience crossed his mind one by one. Li Fan couldn't help but feel emotional, “Was reality transformed into simulation? Or is everything already a simulation? Or perhaps, is there no boundary between reality and illusion at a certain level?”

However, Li Fan would not waste his time on things he couldn’t know. Soon, he settled his mind and focused on the four options.

The first and second items were nothing to write home about, though if Li Fan were to embark on the path of cultivation, these two items could definitely help him greatly. Unfortunately, he was only a mortal in his last life as well. There was no cultivation realm to keep at all.

As for the most valuable item in his own possession, it would undoubtedly be the Imperial Jade Seal.

It was likewise useless and would only invite disaster.

As for the third item, to let someone also remember the memories of this simulation…

This was something that made Li Fan's heart race.

For a while, several figures flashed through Li Fan's mind.

But in the end, he still shook his head.

After all, hearts were the most difficult to gauge. No one knew what a person would become after getting decades of memories.

Right now, [Truth] hadn't recharged yet, and he was still a weak scholar with no power or capital.

Therefore, everything should be done with stability.

So, there was only the fourth option left.

Accelerate the recharge progress.

[Truth]’s transformation of reality into a simulation required recharging.

According to Li Fan's experience in his previous life, this charging progress could only grow naturally with the passage of time. It would take about twenty years to recharge.

The recharge progress would no longer increase after reaching a maximum of 200%.

Moreover, when Li Fan was hit by a fatal blow, [Truth] would consume recharge progress for automatic body protection. This was also the reason why Li Fan was able to survive several narrow escapes in his last life.

Hence, the fourth item was the most prudent choice.

With his thoughts settled, Li Fan no longer hesitated and decided silently in his mind.

Immediately, a line of small glowing characters scattered into light spots and then quickly reformed into several new lines of characters.

Name: Li Fan

Cultivation Realm: Mortal

Physical Age: 20/86

Mental Age: 166/1056↑

Charging Progress: 30%

"Three lifetimes as a human, one hundred and sixty-six years. It turns out that I've already lived for so long. However, I remember the upper limit of mental age only being around nine hundred years in my previous life, but now it has increased to one thousand years. It seems that it will increase with my accumulation of experience, which reduces the anxiety in my heart."

Just as the body's lifespan had a limit, a certain limit existed for the mental capacity to endure.

After carrying too many memories, a mental burden would form. Once this burden became too heavy, it would completely crush a person's soul.

This was called the “wear and tear of time".

However, the upper limit of the mental age would increase as mental cognition increased.

For now, Li Fan did not need to worry about this.

"As long as I step onto the path of immortal cultivation, everything else is not a problem. Now that I'm starting over, glory, wealth, and beauties are no longer my pursuits."

"I only want immortality!" The pain after the beloved relatives and friends around him in his previous life faded away one by one and the powerlessness and trepidation brought about by his own body's old age all made Li Fan's mind more determined at this moment.

"The goal of this life is to learn the secrets of cultivation from those two immortal cultivators. Fifty years later, they will descend on Xuanjing City. With enough planning and preparation, even if they are the so-called Foundation Stage powerhouses, I might have a chance of winning."

"Perhaps what I can rely on, aside from gunpowder, is the Immortal-Mortal Miasma they speak of."

"Also, during these fifty years, I can't just wait. They came from the eastern Ruins Abyss, so perhaps I can send someone deep into the bottom of the Ruins Abyss first to search.”

......

The worst thing in life was having no purpose. In his previous life, Li Fan would often wake up in the middle of the night from the Empress Dowager's bed and feel an overwhelming sense of emptiness and meaninglessness.

In that life, he had stood at the very pinnacle of ordinary people.

He was the master of the Emperor and held the world's army in his hands. Nearly every minister in the court was a trusted aide of his.

He was able to abolish the Emperor’s rule at any moment, and even the Empress Dowager was at his beck and call.

He couldn’t reach any higher.

In this next simulation, should he do the same?

In that case, what was the point of reincarnating from one life to the next?

Power and pleasure always tasted the same after enough repetition.

Perhaps, if there were no other variables, after a certain reincarnation, Li Fan would voluntarily give up and choose to end his life.

But!

The appearance of those two immortal cultivators allowed Li Fan to see a whole new set of possibilities!

Allowing Li Fan to see a world of unfamiliar but tempting opportunities beckoning toward him.

It ignited a great ambition and goal within him.

He wanted to cultivate immortality!

He wanted to live forever!

No one could stop him!

Li Fan pushed open the door of the house and walked out with his head held high.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 3: A Mortal’s Desire to Capture Immortals


Time seemed to accelerate as Li Fan prepared for the 50th year during his third life.

Li Fan implemented his plan in a meticulous and step-by-step manner.

With the experience of two lifetimes, everything went smoothly.

He retook the imperial examinations.

This time, however, with the additional decades of experience in governance, the essays he wrote were naturally far superior to his previous life. Whether it was the county, provincial, or imperial examination, he always ranked first, becoming renowned throughout the world!

Subsequently, despite his youth, he was appointed as an official in Wen County.

After being anchored for 3 years, he came to Wen County once more.

This life, gaining control was much more efficient than the last. With his considerable reputation and thorough knowledge of local officials, he easily took control over Wen County.

Then, he began to promote and cultivate the trusted aides he had in his previous life and continuously strengthened his influence.

At the same time, he drafted designs of flintlock pistols and ordered craftsmen to produce them, while assisting them with all the difficulties in production he knew about. After that, he ordered people to go around and privately recruit skilled craftsmen, striving to develop more advanced weaponry.

The mountain mines were not forgotten either. Li Fan swept away all the mountain bandits near Wen County and forced them into work in the mines. Relying on the mine resources, he established many workshops in the deep mountains to mass produce iron weapons. At the same time, he organized trade caravans to travel around the world and accumulate funds.

After 4 years, Li Fan secretly searched and finally found the body double of Emperor Xuanjing. It was the existence of this double that led to the near failure of his assassination plan in his previous life. Luckily, he had always been cautious, and with his many backup plans, he was able to avoid failing in his endeavors. Li Fan personally trained the double to flawlessness in half a year.

After 5 years, Jiangnan suffered a severe drought. Li Fan ordered his subordinates to pose as refugees and attack the Langya Prince's residence. On the surface, Li Fan spearheaded the rescue attempt, but in secret, he commanded his people to kill the Prince of Langya and his family. At the same time, he revealed his trained double.

Since then, Li Fan took control of the Langya Prince's estate.

The news of the killing of Langya Prince's family, with the sole survivor being the Langya Prince himself, shocked the whole country. The Emperor was furious and sent troops to suppress the refugees. As a reward for his efforts, Li Fan was promoted to governor of Jiangnan Province.

Li Fan's power further expanded. However, after this, he became more cautious. Instead of continuing to expand, he kept a low profile and developed technology.

In the 7th year, the locust plague came as predicted. Li Fan had prepared for it, and naturally, Jiangnan Province remained virtually unaffected. He also petitioned for the imperial court to open warehouses and release grain to assist the victims. The court agreed.

With this opportunity, Li Fan gained the support of a large number of people. Many victims settled down under Li Fan's rule, and Li Fan's strength was bolstered.

In the 9th year, the wedding of the Prince of Langya and the granddaughter of the Chief Grand Secretary was held as scheduled. That night, Li Fan broke into the bridal chamber at night, scaring the Langya Prince's consort half to death. After learning that Li Fan had killed the Prince of Langya and used a double to take over, she even angrily denounced Li Fan as a traitor. Li Fan instead laughed and asked her to write about this appalling incident in a letter.

With this letter, Li Fan posed as the Prince of Langya’s messenger and secretly sneaked into the capital to see the Chief Grand Secretary.

With a calm demeanor, Li Fan revealed that he controlled the entire Langya Estate. The Chief Grand Secretary, though shocked, remained calm and asked Li Fan what he wanted to do.

Li Fan confidently explained that because the Imperial Advisor had held power for so many years, he had garnered many enemies. Furthermore, because his several sons were incompetent, it would be difficult for the Imperial Advisor’s family to maintain its wealth and status after the death of the Chief Grand Secretary. As long as the Chief Grand Secretary could step in at a necessary time to help Li Fan with a favor, Li Fan would protect the future safety and prosperity of the Chief Grand Secretary's family.

The Chief Grand Secretary pondered for a long time and finally asked what the favor would be. Li Fan laughed and only said it would be known to him in time, and then left.

After 10 years, Lady Langya gave birth to a son. Obviously, this was Li Fan's child. Li Fan wrote a letter to the Chief Grand Secretary to report the success.

After 15 years, the Emperor finally became seriously ill. After receiving the decree summoning the Langya Prince, Li Fan took his trusted aides, traveled by night and day, and entered the capital.

After the Prince of Langya succeeded the throne, Li Fan borrowed the Emperor's power to control the courts and develop his people. With the Chief Grand Secretary’s secret cooperation, no concerns were raised as Li Fan took complete control.

After 16 years, rebellion rose everywhere. Li Fan took the opportunity to integrate his trusted aides into the army and took advantage of their military success against the rebels to grant many promotions. In just three to four years, the army was firmly under Li Fan's control.

After 20 years, the world gradually recovered from the turmoil of the Emperor’s death. Li Fan decisively poisoned the fake Emperor at this time, killing the last possible threat.

After supporting his own son to become the Emperor, Li Fan appointed himself as the Imperial Advisor, moving from behind the scenes to the limelight once more, holding immense dominion and influence.

After this, the Grand Xuan Kingdom’s technological development greatly accelerated due to Li Fan's will.

In the 35th year, the Imperial Advisor’s Mansion.

Li Fan looked at the secret letter handed over by his men. After reading it carefully for a moment, he could not help but frown.

"So, you're saying that the mists over the Ruins Abyss will disperse for half a day every fifteen years?"

"Reporting to the Imperial Advisor, this is exactly the case. Our Immortal Seeking Battalion was ordered to station beside the Ruins Abyss and observe it day and night. Finally, a few days ago there was a harvest." The Immortal Seeking Official kneeling on the ground recalled the scene at that time, a look of awe still remaining on his face. "After the fog cleared, there was a faint light shining out from the bottom of the abyss. We used telescopes to observe it and discerned all sorts of wondrous sights."

"Although what each person saw was not the same, the sights included a mountain range with thousands of peaks rising and falling, with majestic buildings scattered throughout, vaguely visible; there were towering cities situated on the plains, with no less than a million people each; there is even a city in the sky enveloped in radiant light, and all kinds of rare birds and exotic beasts were flying in between, it was really…” the Immortal Seeking Official paused, before expressing the feelings in his heart. "It was truly incredible."

“They really were from the Ruins Abyss.” Although he had suspected this for a long time, now that it had been personally confirmed by his subordinate, Li Fan was still a little excited in his heart. However, his many years of experience had long since tempered his self-control.

He asked indifferently, "Can you find a way to get down to the bottom of the abyss?"

The Immortal Seeking Official's breath stuttered, and then his face turned a little white. He quickly kowtowed and said, “Subordinate is incompetent. We tried various methods, but as soon as we descended to a certain depth, we were cut to pieces by an astral wind. The astral wind is so powerful that even our toughest armor cannot resist it for a moment."

Upon hearing this, Li Fan did not look disappointed.

After waving his hand and letting the Immortal Seeking Official leave, Li Fan muttered to himself, "It seems that I still have to wait for you guys."

......

50th year, Grand Xuan Kingdom, Xuanjing.

Xuanjing City, which used to be incomparably lively, was now silent and somewhat eerie.

The vast majority of the people of Xuanjing had been forcibly relocated to the neighboring cities a month ago under the decree of the Imperial Advisor, who claimed that it was in order to avoid a calamity. This ridiculous excuse was met with heavy skepticism. However, the Imperial Advisor did not go too far and force those who didn’t want to move, only suggesting that they build underground shelters to hide. These warnings were mostly treated as jokes.

When Li Fan got the report, he did not bother. He had already done his best.

In the streets and alleys of Xuanjing City, ambushes were waiting in place consisting of the special troops that he had carefully prepared over the years to use against the two immortals.

Now that everything was ready, all that was needed were the protagonists!

At night, under the bright moon, the two immortal cultivators arrived as expected!

"Dao Xuanzi! Don't you oppress people too much!"

Kou Hong's angry shouts spread throughout Xuanjing City.

“Ratatatatat...”

Countless tongues of fire suddenly lit up, and tens of thousands of bullets poured forth like waterfalls, suddenly bombarding the two immortals in unison!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 4: Immortal Spells and Swords


The two immortal cultivators high in the sky were caught off guard and were hit directly in the face.

There was no scene of blood and flesh flying. Around them, there were only concentric ripples in the air. An invisible force was blocking the tidal wave of bullets.

"Huh, what kind of artifact is this?" Facing the sudden siege of thousands of mortals, the two immortal cultivators were as calm as usual. Kou Hong's right hand reached out and pulled a soldier into the sky, seizing the gun in the soldier's hand to scrutinize it carefully while throwing the soldier out casually.

"Quite interesting, using a delicate mechanical structure instead of a spell formation, and using the explosive power of a mortal object instead of spiritual power. It can actually erupt with the power of the early stage of Qi Refining…” Kou Hong understood the principle of the gun after only a glance.

He shook his head, "I didn't expect that after a few thousand years had passed, the mortals banished to the Immortal Extinction Land would actually be able to research such a subtle object. Unfortunately, it can only work in this land lacking the Great Dao. Outside the Land of Immortal Extinction, it's just a pile of useless copper and refined iron." After saying that, the gun in his hand instantly disappeared into thin air, as if he had casually put it away.

"As a mere mortal, how dare you make a move against us immortal cultivators. Originally, I still had some guilt in my heart, but now it seems that it's you guys who are seeking death yourselves!"

Kou Hong stood tall and looked at the unknown number of densely packed mortal soldiers in the darkness, contempt flashing in his eyes.

His right hand quickly waved about in the empty space in front of him, drawing out intricate patterns.

Countless sparks suddenly appeared from the darkness, like a prairie fire that had been condensed into huge fireballs.

"Dao Art: Fire Dragon's Roar!”

As Kou Hong shouted in a cold voice, more crimson flames spread from the huge fire clusters, which served as the nodes, and they burned outwards in unison. In just a few moments, the flames were like flesh and blood, connecting the fire clusters in the sky.

A fearsome dragon composed of crimson flames appeared over Xuanjing City.

The fiery dragon raised its head and let out a resounding roar as it stretched its body and then slammed downwards.

"Boom!"

Violent explosions rang out incessantly.

Buildings in Xuanjing City were like small toys, easily destroyed without the slightest resistance.

And as if the red flames had a mind of their own, they devoured and burned everything they could touch after landing on the ground.

In the blink of an eye, this Xuanjing City turned into a blazing inferno!

However, Kou Hong, who had caused all of this, frowned, his face in disbelief.

Because he realized that although the Xuanjing City below looked miserable, the vast majority of the soldiers actually survived his strike!

One had to know that the Fire Dragon's Roar that he had unleashed in a fit of rage was already his full strength.

The might of a Foundation Establishment Great Perfection Cultivator was not something that mortals could resist!

Even if those soldiers were well-trained and had taken out their protective gear and hid in the corners of the building for protection the moment they saw him casting the spell, they should have suffered many more casualties!

What's going on?

Kou Hong was shocked and skeptical, and in an instant, he seemed to have realized something. With a wave of his hand, Kou Hong examined one of the tiny metal objects that was previously fired at him but was easily resisted by his body-protecting aura.

"This is…” Kou Hong's face changed dramatically, and he then alertly swept his gaze towards the surroundings, the contempt in his gaze turning into scorn.

"These concealed weapons have been soaked with mortal blood, contaminated with Immortal-Mortal Miasma..." Dao Xuanzi's voice also came over, his face ugly.

"We just arrived at this place and were ambushed. Moreover, the other party has utilized the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, so it's obvious that they came prepared. Could it be that behind these mortals, there are immortal cultivators guiding them?" The duo glanced at each other, and several thoughts immediately flashed through their minds. "No matter what, this place is a trap, and we should not stay for long."

Although Dao Xuanzi and Kou Hong were fighting to the death for the Golden Core Technique, that was their private affair.

Now that unexpected variables have arisen in the form of the ambush of thousands of mortals, with the hundred years of tacit understanding of the two, they both at the same time subconsciously chose to escape first.

Perhaps discovering the duo's attempts, the gunfire that had stalled due to the Fire Dragon's Roar resounded once again!

However, this deepened the suspicions in Dao Xuanzi and Kou Hong's hearts.

These mortals obviously had an agenda!

"Go!" The two were about to flee when they heard a voice ring out from below.

"Dao Xuanzi! Kou Hong! If the two of you flee, the news that you have obtained a Golden Core technique will spread throughout the cultivation world!"

The voice came from all directions of Xuanjing City, echoing continuously in this night with unending reverberations.

The voice was somewhat old, but the tone was incomparably certain and cold.

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi's figures froze in their tracks as they looked shocked, their faces filled with disbelief.

"How is this possible? The matter of us obtaining the Golden Core Technique was clearly known only to the two of us, so how could the news have leaked out?" For a moment, the duo fell into a deep state of fear.

The two of them ventured into a cave to explore its secrets, and then Kou Hong seized the technique and fled. Dao Xuanzi followed in hot pursuit, and Kou Hong was desperate enough to take the risk of breaking into a Land of Immortal Extinction to seek a ray of hope…

The people encountered during this period of time flashed in their minds one by one.

Who was it?

And just as the duo's minds were shaken, in the darkness, dozens of cannonballs with fiery trails were fired from various unexpected locations and flew towards the duo.

“You’re seeking death!" Kou Hong recovered from his shock and then became even more furious.

"Dao Art: Inferno Explosion!"

A huge ring of fire was vaguely generated out of thin air.

"Not good, quickly dodge, Kou Hong!" Right at this moment, Dao Xuanzi's voice rang out urgently.

"Hmm?" Kou Hong was stunned, but with a sweep of his divine sense, fear appeared in his eyes.

He was about to dodge, but it was already too late.

Dozens of shells detonated around them.

There were no deafening explosions; instead, there was a cloud of dark red liquid, forming a small-scale blood rain that doused the two immortal cultivators!

"Ahh…”

Chilling screams immediately resounded through the sky.

At the same time, the ominous aura emanating from the duo quickly diminished.

After a moment's resistance, the duo could no longer support themselves and fell from the sky.

Thousands of soldiers with guns surrounded them.

At this moment, the current situation of the two “immortals" caused these specially trained death soldiers to feel chills in their hearts.

Originally, Dao Xuanzi and Kou Hong were in their twenties and thirties, but after being drenched by the rain of blood, their hair had actually turned snow-white in an instant. Both of them became old in a few breaths, and their faces were covered in dense wrinkles.

The two men hunched over and sat paralyzed on the ground. Kou Hong looked like he was going to die, while Dao Xuanzi's cultivation seemed a little higher, being in slightly better shape, although he was still only barely clinging to life.

The original high and mighty immortals had actually turned into this!

Even Li Fan, who was hiding in the back and secretly commanding, heard the report from his men and felt an inexplicable chill at this moment.

"Two immortal masters, our Imperial Advisor has given an order: if the two of you surrender, you can save your lives!” A soldier shouted from afar towards the duo.

“Surrender…” The heavily injured Dao Xuanzi looked at his dear friend whose eyes were full of unwillingness and wanted to say something but was unable to speak. However, his friend's gesture made him suddenly let out a cold laugh.

Seeing Dao Xuanzi's movements, Kou Hong had already guessed what he was going to do.

He faintly shook his head, then used his last ounce of strength to pass the storage ring in his hand to Dao Xuanzi.

"Go…” Kou Hong opened his mouth slightly, then his head fell limp and he swiftly died.

High above the sky, a strange image suddenly appeared!

A red, gnarled dragon appeared in the sky. It seemed to be in great pain, struggling and roaring, as if it was trying to get rid of something.

However, it was all in vain.

It slowly became shriveled, and in the blink of an eye, it was left with only a layer of skin and flesh.

After a few moments, the entire dragon was eaten away, with not even flesh and bones left.

Only then did people see clearly that it was a brown, plain-looking branch that had taken root in the dragon and devoured it!

Even though it was an ordinary tree branch, it could swallow a dragon!

This magnificent sight was like a brilliant firework, illuminating the sky for thousands of miles around.

All the beings who saw this scene, be they human or otherwise, had this passage naturally emerge in their minds.

"Foundation Establishment Cultivator Kou Hong had two hundred and five years of mortal cultivation and achieved the Dao Foundation with the special item [Gnarled Dragon Branch]. In the land of Immortal Extinction, he was surrounded by thousands of mortals and was injured by the Immortal-Mortal Miasma."

“His cultivation was lost and his lifespan was reduced.”

“Now, in death, his Dao returns to the heavens!"

Pain, righteousness, and the difficulty of self-reliance…

Around Xuanjing City, all the living beings who witnessed this vision were immersed in emotions such as these, unable to stop themselves.

The magnificent sight lasted for almost half an hour, and then finally dispersed gradually.

The soldiers finally came back to their senses and silently looked at the other dying Immortal Cultivator in the field.

"Immortal Master Dao Xuanzi, our Imperial Advisor has no intention of fighting you to the death. If you give up your resistance, our Imperial Advisor guarantees your safety…” The soldiers continued to shout as Li Fan commanded.

Li Fan was in the dark but he sighed in his heart, knowing that his attempt to capture immortals in this life was a failure.

He simply did not expect the Immortal-Mortal Miasma to be so powerful in killing and wounding immortal cultivators.

As expected, Dao Xuanzi simply ignored the shouting.

He also looked up at the already dissipated vision with a nostalgic look in his eyes.

"Gnarled Dragon Branch..."

After a long time, he brought his gaze back down and tried to straighten his hunched body.

Scanning his surroundings, Dao Xuanzi tried to find out the puppeteer behind the curtains.

"I don't know who you are." He said to Li Fan. "I also don't know what exactly your purpose is."

"Maybe this was for this Golden Core Technique, and maybe this was for something else." Dao Xuanzi glanced at the storage ring in his hand and said calmly. "Now that us brothers have been set up by you and are dead, there should be nothing more to say."

"But I am not convinced." Dao Xuanzi spoke coldly.

"To be able to follow us all the way and know our affairs like the back of your hand without being discovered, I'm sure your cultivation must not be low."

“Despite such power, you don't dare to fight us head-on. To actually plot and scheme like this, hiding behind mortals, and even using the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, an underhanded thing that all immortal cultivators disdain…”

Dao Xuanzi took a deep breath.

"My brother, Kou Hong, did not deserve this death!”

Dao Xuanzi slowly rose into the air, once again towering above, looking at the crowd that was instantly on guard, with no sadness or joy on his face.

"You have already seen my brother's Foundation Building wonder. Now, I invite you all to take a look at mine."

"With the wonders of heaven and earth, I will build my foundation." Dao Xuanzi chanted loudly.

"My foundation is named Dao Xuan."

A massive, broken iron sword appeared in the sky above Xuanjing City.

All living beings under the shadow of the giant sword felt their minds dull and slow like rusty machines.

"I have a sword, please witness it!"

The heavens and earth suddenly lit up, and everyone in Xuanjing City seemed to fall into absolute stillness.

Subsequently, like cracks appearing in glass, the entire Xuanjing City shattered to pieces in an instant!

“[Truth].”

The charging progress plummeted, and in the split second before his consciousness disappeared, Li Fan silently recited in his heart.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 5: Flatland Ripples


[End of simulation]

...

Li Fan, who had regained his consciousness, was still immersed in the power of Dao Xuanzi's sword.

“That was a Foundation Establishment cultivator?" Li Fan's heart was filled with shock.

Previously, Kou Hong's ability to destroy Xuanjing City alone had already made Li Fan marvel, but Dao Xuanzi's final sword had made Li Fan deeply feel his own insignificance.

Like a cricket facing a tsunami, from Li Fan's point of view, he was unable to even comprehend that sword, let alone grasp its entirety.

Even if it was just a glimpse, it was enough for Li Fan to understand the gap between a mortal and a Foundation Establishment Stage cultivator.

"Without the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, I'm afraid that even if I reincarnate for a hundred lifetimes and devise countless strategies, I still wouldn’t be able to pose a threat to them." Li Fan was secretly happy in his heart, but at the same time, he also felt deeply puzzled and alarmed.

"What is this Immortal-Mortal Miasma? Aren't Immortal Cultivators all mortals originally? How come the blood of mortals has such a terrifying restraining effect on Immortal Cultivators?" The hidden meaning behind this could not help but make Li Fan's mind wonder.

However, soon Li Fan suppressed his many thoughts.

"First, let’s summarize the gains and losses of this life."

Watching the scenes that flashed across the light screen, Li Fan pondered in his heart.

"The ambush of Dao Xuanzi and Kou Hong was basically within my expectations. First, I used the blood-soaked bullets of the death row inmates to consume their strength, followed by using the Golden Core method to disrupt their hearts and minds, and then I used the blood rain to deal a finishing blow, capturing the two of them alive after they were weakened to the extreme..."

"What I didn't expect was that the Immortal-Mortal Miasma's restraint on cultivators was so powerful that it directly led to Kou Hong's death."

"What was even more surprising was that I originally thought that the hundred-year-old brotherhood they spoke about was just a casual remark. I didn't realize that the relationship between the two was indeed extraordinary. When attacked, Dao Xuanzi took the initiative to speak out to remind Kou Hong, and when Kou Hong knew that it was difficult to escape death, he gave the technique to Dao Xuanzi on his own initiative."

“Furthermore, when Dao Xuanzi saw Kou Hong die to the ambush, he gave up his chance of living and made a suicide attack to avenge Kou Hong. All of this shows that there is indeed an exceptional friendship between the two…”

"Since this is the case, how could the two of them kill each other because of a Golden Core technique?” Li Fan's mind became more and more puzzled.

Suddenly, he recalled the scene when he initially met the duo.

“A Golden Core technique with no other practitioners…” Li Fan was suddenly puzzled, "Immortal laws can’t be practiced together?”

“With such close brothers fighting to the death over a single technique, what would the cultivation world look like?”

Li Fan had a premonition that the cultivation world might be completely different from what he expected.

"No matter how dangerous it is, I will not falter. What's more, with the help of [Truth], as long as I'm careful enough, no predicament will be able to hinder me."

After faltering for a moment, Li Fan's resolve was renewed.

"In this so-called Land Immortal Extinction, if I want to seek the Immortal Dao, I still have to find a way to do so through Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi. Last time, I chose to attack the two of them at the same time, but this time, I can perhaps choose to divide them.” With his mind racing, Li Fan thought of several ways to deal with them in his mind in the blink of an eye.

Although the other party consisted of towering Foundation Establishment cultivators, Li Fan wasn't very intimidated. In fact, he didn't treat them as formidable opponents at all.

It wasn’t that Li Fan was arrogant, but instead that the function of [Truth] to be able to start over again and again was truly heaven-defying!

How could a mere Foundation Stage cultivation compare to fifty years of foresight and countless opportunities for trial and error?

After the simulation was over, Li Fan still chose the option to speed up the progress of recharging.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Mortal

Physical Age: 20/86

Mental Age: 216/1080↑

Charging Progress: 30%

"This time, the upper limit of mental age has only increased by a few decades, so it looks like it's almost at the upper limit." Li Fan had also been mentally prepared for this, so he didn't particularly care.

"If I count the one before transmigrating, this is already my fifth life. The path to immortality is so difficult.” Li Fan sighed. "I hope that these fifty years will not be wasted."

Li Fan once again began the fifty-year plan.

As if following a set program, everything proceeded step by step.

Take the imperial examination, win the examination, and become a scholar.

Become the county magistrate, mine minerals, and make guns.

After killing the king of Langya and replacing him, Li Fan was finally a bit anxious.

Waiting ten years to control the country was too long, and he would always have to be cowering in a place like Jiangnan. If he had ten more years to mobilize the power of the entire world, he would have a much greater chance of success at capturing the Immortals.

Thus, Li Fan decided to send a trusted confidant to sneak into the palace and secretly administer chronic poison to the emperor.

Who would have thought that it was this decision that stirred up waves.

Although Li Fan’s poisoning was not found, the emperor was young and strong, and the strange weakening of his body caused him to be increasingly suspicious.

He suspected that someone secretly harmed him. And the chief object of suspicion was none other than the one he trusted the most, Prince Langya.

This led to the emperor passing on the throne to the carefree Prince Runan instead of Prince Langya when he passed away in the 7th year.

The good news was that Li Fan's insider in the palace sent out the news in time, and Li Fan acted immediately after hearing the news.

On the one hand, he sent his men to assassinate Prince Runan; on the other hand, in the name of Prince Langya, he claimed that the courts had betrayed the emperor and ordered the assassination. Under the banner of Prince Langya, Li Fan took his well-developed army to the capital, and before the people could react, he attacked, forcibly taking over the imperial court and declaring martial law.

Such drastic means naturally had many consequences.

The first was that the ministers in the court were not convinced. The emperor's posthumous edict was to pass the throne to Prince Runan. Was the ascension of Prince Langya not rebellion? The ministers could not openly rebel under Li Fan’s oppression. However, they were still able to do so secretly, passively resisting and harming bureaucratic processes. There were even some who secretly contacted feudal lords, trying to invite them to lead their troops into the capital “to set things right". Li Fan was not merciful, and after killing dozens, he managed to deter the rest. Furthermore, there was also the help of the Chief Grand Secretary in stabilizing his position.

 However, these few months had already ignited upheaval throughout the land. Feudal lords set up territories of their own, declared independence, and ignored the court’s orders.

Thus, Li Fan could only send troops to eliminate them one by one.

Although the firearms were powerful, they were limited in number. Combined with the country’s vast lands, it took a considerable amount of effort.

Between battle and politics, Li Fan was very busy.

It took until the 22nd year to completely resolve the internal and external problems.

Due to this, he was a few years late in controlling the world than if he had patiently followed his previous lives.

“I still need to be cautious and patient." After everything settled down, Li Fan could only helplessly learn a lesson. "A slight difference could lead to drastic effects. If there are too many variables, my advantage of foresight will shrink greatly."

Luckily, everything was just a slight ripple and did not affect the big picture.

After things gradually got back on track, the gears of time flew forward, and in the blink of an eye, year 35 arrived.

In this year, Li Fan left Xuanjing City and traveled thousands of miles to personally visit the eastern Ruins Abyss.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 6: Sitting on a Mountain and Watching the Immortals Fight


TL note on term changes: Abyss Ruins > Ruins Abyss, Immortal Miasma > Immortal-Mortal Miasma

*****

The Ruins Abyss, located in the easternmost part of the Grand Xuan Country, were so deep that one could not see the bottom, and there was a thick fog shrouding it all year round. If one were to accidentally lose their footing and fall, they would certainly end up completely annihilated.

No one knew what lies beneath the Ruins Abyss. Even the birds were absent, and it had been a forbidden area to humans for many years.

Li Fan, on the other hand, through his last simulation experience, knew that the dense fog above the Ruins Abyss would disperse once every fifteen years. Today, he had come to the Ruins Abyss to witness it with his own eyes.

After all, if his guess was correct, the two cultivators, Dao Xuanzi and Kou Hong, likely arrived to this Land of Immortal Extinction through the Abyss Ruins.

Li Fan stood silently, watching the endless abyss, patiently waiting.

After an unknown period of time, the thick white mist that emitted an ancient aura finally changed.

"Whooosh..."

What seemed to be an ancient beast's roarcame faintly from below. Only as the sound gradually became louder did the crowd realize that it was the sound of the wind!

The dense white mist was stirred, creating ripples upon ripples.

Then, the wind became stronger and stronger, and a large amount of white mist was forcefully expelled from the Ruins Abyss like a reverse waterfall rushing straight into the sky.

Such a gale lasted for half an hour before the heavy fog dispersed.

Li Fan's face was grave as he took out his telescope and looked towards the bottom of the Ruins Abyss.

At first, the bottom of the Ruins Abyss was pitch black, and nothing could be seen clearly.

Gradually, a little bit of light appeared.

After a long time, the bottom of the Ruins Abyss shone brightly, and a mirage-like, upside-down scene was reflected in Li Fan's eyes.

According to the information, the scene that appeared at the bottom of the Ruins Abyss were different for each person.

However, the scene in front of Li Fan's eyes shook him to his core.

There was a dilapidated mountain gate with collapsed buildings everywhere. The ground and walls, full of cracks, were filled with marks left by sword strikes and magical attacks.

There were even a few areas that seemed to be drenched in blood, taking on a sinister dark red color.

The corpses and weapons scattered all over the place spoke of a catastrophe that had happened many years ago.

Filled with shock, Li Fan shifted his gaze and saw five large words engraved on the smooth wall of a cliff.

"The Immortal Dao is dead!"

The four words were dark red, seemingly written in blood.

Even from a distance, Li Fan could feel the unspeakable fear and despair contained in these five words.

"The Immortal Dao is dead... what on earth happened here? And what has happened in the entire cultivation world?" Li Fan was immersed in it for a long time.

...

The fog only dispersed for half a day and began to coalesce again. Li Fan re-returned to Xuanjing.

After that, time flowed, and soon it reached the fifty year mark.

On this day, Li Fan celebrated his seventieth birthday while thousands of soldiers in Xuanjing City stood awaiting orders.

"Dao Xuanzi! Don't you overstep your bounds!"

Kou Hong turned around and shouted angrily, flying and stopping over Xuanjing City.

However, before Dao Xuanzi could respond, a voice came from below first, resounding through Xuanjing.

"Kou Hong, we have been waiting here for a long time by order of Immortal Master Dao Xuanzi!"

Following the announcement came bullets that covered the sky.

Caught off guard, Kou Hong was struck with a barrage of gunfire.

"How is this possible? Did Dao Xuanzi already know that I was going to escape here? When did he become so scheming?!" Kou Hong was shocked and furious.

And immediately after, Kou Hong was aghast to realize that his spiritual energy was being consumed at a rapid pace as he resisted against the barrage, and with a sweep of his divine sense, Kou Hong instantly understood.

"Immortal-Mortal Miasma! Dao Xuanzi, you are so despicable!" Kou Hong looked at Dao Xuanzi, who had subsequently arrived, with eyes filled with disbelief, as if it was the first time he had truly seen his dear friend of a hundred years.

At the moment, Dao Xuanzi was dumbfounded.

"What's with these mortals, why did they attack Kou Hong under my banner? And they would use the Immortal-Mortal Miasma?" Caught off guard, Dao Xuanzi froze for a moment.

However, looking at furious Kou Hong, Dao Xuanzi suddenly became alert.

"There is something wrong here! Kou Hong, these mortals were not instructed by me!" Dao Xuanzi hurriedly explained.

"What? You dare to do it but don't dare to admit it?" Kou Hong laughed mockingly. "Or are you afraid that if word of your use of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma gets out, you'll be hunted down and killed by all the cultivators in unison? Or, are you more worried about tarnishing the good reputation you've built for over a century?

Dao Xuanzi was familiar with his brother's temper and knew that Kou Hong had lost his mind and wouldn't to listen to anything he had to say.

Dao Xuanzi vaguely felt that he was caught in some kind of trap.

The bizarre aura of this place even made him feel a sense of crisis.

It was not wise to fight with Kou Hong at this moment.

Thus, he still patiently explained to Kou Hong, "You've known me for a hundred years; when have you ever seen me lie? This is indeed not..."

However, before he could finish his sentence, an old voice suddenly came from all directions, cutting his words short.

"Immortal Master Dao Xuanzi, how can you go back on your word? Wasn't it agreed that as long as we assisted you in killing Kou Hong here and seizing his Golden Core technique, you would lead my clan out of this Land of Immortal Extinction?" The voice was aggrieved and also carried a touch of indignation.

"Golden Core Technique?!" Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi's faces changed at the same time when they heard this.

"Still saying it's not you? Other than you and I, who else in this world knows about this matter?!" Kou Hong's hair stood on end, furious to the extreme.

"This person actually knows about the matter of the Golden Core technique..." Dao Xuanzi's heart completely sank.

The voice continued to speak from below: "Consider that by using the Immortal-Mortal Miasma for you, we have incurred widespread resentment. Now that the world is seething with public discontent, if Immortal Master doesn't his word and fails to lead us out, I'm afraid that it won't be long before my clan will die without a burial place!"

Being falsely accused, Dao Xuanzi only felt increasingly frustrated, and shouted, "Shameless villain, shut up!"

He flew towards the source of the voice, trying to find the mastermind, but he only saw a strange rectangular object. It was the object from which that sound was emanating. And countless more of these objects were spread throughout the entire Xuanjing City!

"To actually be so cautious..." Dao Xuanzi was helpless to the extreme.

"Could it be that Immortal Master wishes to kill and silence us now?"

Listening to the somewhat mocking words continue to come out from within, Dao Xuanzi clenched his teeth, crushing the object instantly.

In Kou Hong's eyes, it looked as if Dao Xuanzi was infuriated after being exposed and wanted to kill to cover up his secrets.

Kou Hong raised his voice and roared to the sky, ''Dao Xuanzi! You and I have known each other for a hundred years, but I seem to have completely misjudged you! Even if you wanted to get the Golden Core technique, why do you need to use so many underhanded tactics? I'm not going to run any longer, so come and get it if you have the ability!"

"Dao Technique: Fire Dragon's Roar!"

A furious fiery dragon surrounded Kou Hong and let out a heaven-shaking roar.

The fire dragon then looked angrily ahead and spat out a crimson blaze from its mouth which headed straight for Dao Xuanzi.

Dao Xuanzi sighed helplessly, and with a soft chant, a flying sword appeared out of thin air from behind him, transforming into a white light that met the red flames head-on.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 7: Blazing Dragon Swallows the Sword


The crimson flames clashed with the white sword aura, creating violent explosions that reverberated through the air.

Xuanjing City below was caught in the aftermath, engulfed in a sea of fire.

The battle between the two did not last long. Kou Hong's cultivation was originally inferior to Dao Xuanzi, and he was also weakened by the Immortal-Mortal Miasma attack from before, so he quickly fell into a disadvantage.

Dao Xuanzi showed no mercy despite this, as his sword techniques pressured Kou Hong relentlessly.

Just then, the old voice sounded once again.

"Dao Xuanzi is fickle and vindictive. If we let him win, there is no way for us to survive. Soldiers, obey my order and help Immortal Master Kou Hong deal with Dao Xuanzi!"

Kou Hong was overjoyed when he heard this.

He hastily distanced himself away from Dao Xuanzi, watching as Dao Xuanzi was swarmed with bullets. Triumphant, he shouted, "As the saying goes, you reap what you sow! I never expected that despite your veneer of righteousness, you would resort to betrayal and suffer a tragic backlash!"

Dao Xuanzi was already frustrated by the scheming of the hidden puppeteer, and when he heard Kou Hong's words, he was infuriated to the point of spitting blood.

"You stupid fool!" He couldn't stand it anymore and cursed at Kou Hong.

"At last, your true colors are emerging!" Kou Hong did not show any weakness and counterattacked, "You've always prided yourself as being particularly clever, but look at you now. You've been forsaken by the very mortals you controlled and manipulated! Your clever plan has backfired spectacularly!"

Dao Xuanzi heard this and was left speechless. Unable to argue any longer, he simply ignored Kou Hong and instead launched deadly sword attacks, reaping the lives of the mortal soldiers who dared to attack him.

However, these mortals were like locusts, their numbers seemingly endless. No matter how many he slaughtered, more would swiftly take their place, putting tremendous pressure on Dao Xuanzi, especially since he also had to be wary of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma. Because of this, he could only use energy-consuming ranged attacks to avoid being infected.

As a result, the battlefield entered a strange stalemate.

At this critical moment, that old voice echoed again relentlessly.

"Immortal Master Kou Hong, my clan's soldiers are on the brink of being wiped out. After Dao Xuanzi kills all of us, will he spare you? If you don't make a move at this time, when will you?!" The voice conveyed a tone of anxiousness and fear.

Kou Hong was awakened by this voice and instantly came to his senses.

He looked at Dao Xuanzi with a solemn expression, "You're right. Dao Xuanzi, you and I have been friends for a hundred years. Although we have turned against each other because of this Golden Formation technique, we're only both pursuing the path to longevity. I'll give you one last chance: if you give up the technique and flee, I won't bother you anymore. If not, I'm afraid that only one of us will survive."

Dao Xuanzi sighed softly, but he did not say a word, responding by raising his sword and facing Kou Hong.

"Very well. Recently, as I was fleeing, I comprehended a new Dao Art. It's only fitting that I use it to end this!" Kou Hong said sternly.

He then performed a hand seal. "Dao Art: Imprisoning Dragon!"

Flames formed into fiery shackles that surrounded Dao Xuanzi in all directions, forming an intricate formation that created a massive cage, trapping Dao Xuanzi within.

"Break for me!" Dao Xuanzi, who felt an enormous pressure suddenly weighing on him, carried a grave expression. He took a deep breath, and the shadow of a rusty iron sword faintly emerged behind him.

Under the sword's shadow, the sword aura he unleashed seemed to be empowered. As he struck the fiery cage, the originally blazing flames instantly came to a standstill before rapidly fading away.

Kou Hong seemed to have anticipated this outcome as he laughed, "Dao Xuanzi, you and I have been friends for a hundred years, and we have fought together side by side countless times. Others say that my cultivation is inferior to yours, and that is indeed the case. However, cultivation is cultivation, and combat is combat. If we were to truly fight to the death, it is still uncertain who would win or lose between us!"

"Since it's come to this, you don't have to hold back anymore. Let me see if your Dao Xuan Sword is more formidable, or if my Dao Arts are superior!"

In Kou Hong's eyes, endless battle intent erupted. "Dao Art: Heaven-Devouring Dragon!"

The flames that had previously faded away suddenly went out completely. On the contrary, Dao Xuanzi's face changed drastically with the disappearance of the flame cage.

It turned out that hidden behind the flame cage was a gnarled, dragon-shaped branch, waiting for the right moment to strike. After the flames suddenly extinguished, the branch shot towards Dao Xuanzi with a thunderous momentum as even darker flames began to grow around the branch. In an instant, the flames formed a massive, blazing dragon that was about to devour Dao Xuanzi!

"Dao Xuan!" At the moment of life and death, Dao Xuanzi did not panic despite his shock.

In the sky, the giant shadow of the rusty sword was completely revealed.

The gnarled dragon branch paused momentarily as if it had encountered a formidable foe, but then, as if provoked, swept towards Dao Xuanzi in an increasingly ferocious manner.

Dao Xuanzi swung his sword, and the shadow behind him mirrored his movement.

The space ahead solidified like a water surface freezing.

The fiery dragon collided with the enormous Dao Xuan Sword for only a moment before being forced back.

The Heaven-Devouring Dragon shattered into crystalline fragments. Despite its appearance, it was no match for the Dao Xuan Sword!

The carefully prepared Dao Art proved to be fragile in the face of the giant sword shadow flying towards Kou Hong, but he neither panicked nor dodged away.

"Dao Art: Dragon's Rebirth!"

Under Kou Hong's furious shout, the crystalline fragments that had scattered upon the previous defeat instantly ignited once more.

They then coalesced together, forming a brand new blazing dragon.

Its flames burned brighter than ever before, and its prominent horns signified its proud heritage.

Like a sharp sword, the newly formed dragon surged relentlessly towards Dao Xuanzi, accompanied by the sound of a dragon's roar!

Dao Xuanzi's eyes flashed with a trace of appreciation, but the Dao Xuan Sword above him showed no sign of retreating.

In a life-and-death struggle, whoever was more decisive and ruthless would come out on top!

However, at this crucial juncture, the old voice sounded out once more, like a lingering specter.

"Immortal Master Kou Hong, we shall lend you our aid!"

Before the voice even faded, long cannonballs with fiery trails bombarded Dao Xuanzi from all directions and erupted into a rain of blood!

"Ah!" Caught off guard, Dao Xuan Zi let out a miserable scream as his imposing aura plummeted.

The shadow of the Dao Xuan Sword also became dim, and the blazing dragon was able to take this opportunity to overcome the Dao Xuan Sword, breaking through the distorted space and piercing through Dao Xuanzi's body!

On the other hand, the sword shadow wielded by Dao Xuanzi was at the end of its line, only forcing a few mouthfuls of blood out of Kou Hong before dissipating.

"I... I..." Dao Xuanzi coughed miserably, desiring but unable to express his final words.

In mere moments, swallowed by the Heaven-Devouring Dragon, Dao Xuanzi's body turned into a pile of bones.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 8: Eternal Separation of Mortals and Immortals


Above the vast sky, a strange phenomenon formed.

A gigantic sword, forged through a thousand trials, had been abandoned in the shadows for millennia, forgotten by all.

As the years passed, its blade was no longer bright, its edge was no longer sharp, and it was covered in rust.

However, a wave of anger and unwillingness suddenly arose!

Even as the corrosion of rust became more and more severe, the divinity and majesty of that huge sword likewise increased with each passing day!

"Foundation Establishment cultivator Dao Xuanzi cultivated the Dao for two hundred and one years, achieving the Foundation Establishment through the extraordinary artifact [Rust Sword Dao Xuan]. In the Land of Immortal Extinction, he fought to the death with others and eventually fell at the hands of Foundation Establishment Cultivator Kou Hong."

"Now, in death, his Dao returns to the heavens!"

The brilliant scene illuminated the sky for thousands of miles like fireworks.

"Dao Xuanzi..." Kou Hong watched the magnificent scene and seemed completely stunned, unable to stop murmuring to himself.

All the soldiers present also looked up at the sky and froze.

"I am Li Fan, and I greet the Immortal Master."

Right at this moment, an old man with white hair and a walking stick walked tremblingly to Kou Hong's side.

Kou Hong paid him no mind, but Li Fan was not in a hurry, patiently waiting while signaling the soldiers to stand by.

Only after a long time, with the heavenly visage dispersing, did Kou Hong turn to look at Li Fan.

"Are you the leader of the mortals here?" Kou Hong's tone was harsh, and it was obvious that he did not have a good impression of Li Fan. "That voice that rang out everywhere before was you, right?"

"They were petty tricks, and are not worth the Immortal Master's attention." Li Fan cupped his hands and avoided discussing the matter directly. Instead, he bowed respectfully. "I beseech the Immortal Master to be merciful and save the lives of my clan's thousands of people."

"Mercy...," Kou Hong sneered at the request. "In my battle with Dao Xuanzi, we both relied on our own abilities, and our life and death were determined by fate. You, a mere mortal, actually interfered in the battle between us cultivators."

He looked at Li Fan, his words dripping with killing intent, "Although Dao Xuanzi and I fought to the death over the Golden Core technique, he was still my brother of more than a hundred years. Now that you have killed him, shouldn't I avenge him by killing you?"

Unaffected by Kou Hong's threat, Li Fan just laughed bitterly, "I'm just seeking a ray of hope! As I mentioned before, if Immortal Master loses, my clan will definitely be unable to escape death."

When Kou Hong heard this, his face loosened up. He sighed, "What a way to seek a chance of survival. You're right. In this harsh and cruel world, who isn't struggling for that glimmer of hope?"

Seeing that Kou Hong's tone had softened, Li Fan hurriedly jumped at the opportunity and said, "Previously, Dao Xuanzi... the Immortal Master had promised me that if..."

Before Li Fan could finish his words, Kou Hong frowned and interrupted, "If it's this matter, I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. Dao Xuanzi probably had no intention of honoring his promise to begin with."

Li Fan froze, "What does Immortal Master mean?"

Kou Hong laughed mockingly, "For a hundred years, Dao Xuanzi has presented himself as an upright and righteous figure. I can't believe he turned out to be unscrupulous with no bottom line, even deceiving mortals in his actions."

He paused, watched Li Fan's expression, and continued, "The Great Formation of Immortal Extinction is so dangerous that the two of us were only able to break in with a healthy amount of luck. It would take a lot of effort for us to leave on our own, so how could we possibly take a mortal away?"

"What? Even Immortal Master doesn't know how to leave this place?" Li Fan's heart and mind shook drastically, and his face became extremely ugly. With over a hundred years of anticipation and hopes being ruthlessly crushed by the immortal cultivator in front of him, Li Fan's mind almost collapsed.

However, Li Fan had gone through several lifetimes of trials and tribulations, and his mind had long been tempered. He quickly recovered and said to Kou Hong, "This is not the place to talk. Immortal Master, please follow me."

With that, he led Kou Hong through the ruins of Xuanjing City to an underground bunker.

Earlier, when Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi were fighting, the soldiers in the city were hiding in these bunkers. In Xuanjing City, there were hundreds of similar bunkers, both large and small.

Although the bunkers were deep underground, they were illuminated with lights and were still as bright as the surface. There were even ventilation ducts connecting to the outside world so that the bunker was not suffocating.

Kou Hong surveyed the lights on the ceiling with interest and complimented, "No wonder Dao Xuanzi sought cooperation with you mortals. To be able to restrain and utilize the power of lightning, it seems that over the thousands of years, you mortals of the Immortal Extinction Land have developed greatly. There was also the projectile weapon from before which was quite powerful."

Immediately afterward, he shook his head again, "It's a pity, only in this land which lacks the Great Dao are these magic artifacts somewhat useful. Outside of here, under the oppression of the laws of the Great Dao, all of these things would be useless."

"Speaking of which, when did Dao Xuanzi find you and ask you to ambush me here? The timing doesn't match up. Could it be he mastered the art of existing in two places at the same time?" Kou Hong suddenly remembered and asked suddenly.

Li Fan remained composed and was about to answer before being cut off by Kou Hong, who had immediately lost interest and waved his hand, "Forget it, what's the point of dwelling on this matter? After death, all things are meaningless." Finishing his words, he collapsed onto a chair, his expression gloomy. He seemed to have been deeply affected by Dao Xuanzi's death.

"It is best not to continue this matter lest I reveal some inconsistencies," Li Fan thought to himself.

He then inquired with an anxious expression, "Before, Immortal Master said that he was unable to take mortals out of this Immortal Extinction Land. Is this matter really true?"

Kou Hong snorted, "You are just a mortal, so why would I lie to you? Perhaps a Golden Core stage cultivator could protect a mortal while breaking through the Immortal Extinction Formation, but if it's just my Foundation Establishment stage cultivation, it's absolutely impossible!"

"Of course, if you don't mind ending up as ashes, I am willing to give it a try."

Ignoring Kou Hong's less-than-amusing jest, Li Fan asked persistently, "Could it be that there is no hope for mortals like me to leave this world?"

Kou Hong pondered for a moment before shaking his head, "If you want to leave the Land of Immortal Extinction, you must break through the Immortal Extinction Formation. A mere mortal body has no chance of breaking through. Any attempts would be akin to seeking death. Moreover, at your age, you already have one foot in the grave. Why are you so obsessed with leaving this place? Wouldn't it be nice to be a local ruler?"

Kou Hong had a disdainful look on his face.

"Even though I wouldn't mind dying, I still wish to leave some hope for my descendants." Li Fan's persistence did not end, and he asked again, "If my descendants can cultivate to the Foundation Establishment realm like Immortal Master, would it be possible to leave this place?"

Kou Hong burst into laughter, "Even ignoring the complete lack of spiritual energy in this place, making cultivation impossible, how could a mortal here, completely tainted in miasma, cultivate the Immortal Way?"

Kou Hong sneered, "I advise you to give up on such hopes. Immortals and mortals have been eternally separated. Even if you mortals wanted to cultivate, you'd have to reform your bodies and cleanse yourselves of Immortal-Mortal Miasma in the outside world. Otherwise, even if the path of immortality was right in front of you, you wouldn't be able to even touch it."

With each question, Kou Hong's denials grew stronger, and Li Fan seemed to finally give up.

"Immortals and mortals are eternally separated... eternal separation..." Li Fan muttered in a daze, "So, there is really no way?"

"There really isn't." Watching Li Fan's mood sink so far seemed to amuse Kou Hong.

"There really isn't." Kou Hong repeated again.

"As the Immortal Master said, immortals and mortals have been eternally separated." Li Fan let out a long sigh.

"Indeed." Kou Hong nodded repeatedly.

As if he were defeated by this cruel fact, Li Fan excused himself and left, his expression dazed.

The moment he walked out of the bunker, the door slammed shut with a bang.

Kou Hong's face changed, an uneasy premonition welling up in his heart.

However, it was already too late.

Rolls of mist containing the Immortal-Mortal Miasma gushed out from every corner of the room.

"Ahhh!"

Kou Hong let out a miserable scream before he was drowned in the dense fog.

Outside the bunker, Li Fan's gaze turned deep as he slowly said, "Since immortals and mortals cannot coexist."

"Then how could I, a mere mortal, dare to fully believe what you say?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 9: Fate has Unforeseen Paths


Li Fan gazed at the confession on the table, feeling disheartened.

Kou Hong hadn't lied to him. He truly didn't know how to help mortals leave this isolated realm.

"The Land of Immortal Extinction..." After five cycles of reincarnation and three hundred years of anticipation, all his hopes had turned into unachievable dreams.

With his hopes of immortality shattered, Li Fan seemed to have aged overnight both physically and psychologically.

"Land of Immortal Extinction..." He once again recited the name in his mind, and endless unwillingness welled up in his heart.

"Why did I have to be reborn in such a place? If I had been reborn in the cultivation realm outside, with the power of [Truth], I would have had a genuine chance at immortality. But fate had to place me in this Land of Immortal Extinction!"

The information in Kou Hong's confession once again crossed Li Fan's mind.

The so-called Land Immortal Extinction, as the name suggests, is a place where immortals are extinct. Thousands of years ago, the ancient immortal cultivation world suffered a great change.

At first, it was just a plague that swept through the mortal realm, and no cultivators paid it much heed.

However, after a cultivator was accidentally infected by this mysterious plague, things began to spiral out of control.

After infecting the immortal cultivator, the plague seemed to have been inexplicably strengthened, becoming able to spread amongst cultivators.

The medium of transmission was none other than the spiritual energy that cultivators relied on for their cultivation.

Through the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, the plague quickly spread throughout the entire cultivation world. Cultivators infected with the plague would regress in their cultivation, while the less fortunate would lose their cultivation overnight and become no different from mortals. Within only a few days, they would die and return to heaven.

With the deaths of a large number of cultivators, a wave of despair began to spread among the cultivator community.

In desperation, some cultivators vented their anger on the source of it all, the mortals.

Thus, a mass slaughter began.

Facing the towering cultivators, the mortals had little power to resist and could only be slaughtered.

But it wasn't long before this slaughtering was forcibly terminated, not out of a guilty conscience, but because of the horrific discovery that the plague didn't dissipate with the deaths of the mortals. Instead, the plague was released into the world, infecting the currents of spiritual energy that pervaded heaven and earth.

For a while, the concentration of the plague within the cultivation world skyrocketed.

This led to the fall of even more cultivators.

Helpless, cultivators gave up their slaughters of mortals.

However, sitting back and waiting for death was obviously not cultivators' style of action. On the one hand, a group of cultivators began to develop treatments to resist this plague, and on the other hand, cultivators came up with the infamous [Great Migration Plan].

Although this plan was opposed by a significant portion of cultivators at the very beginning, most eventually agreed for the sake of their survival.

The so-called [Great Migration Plan] was based on the following considerations:

Since mortals couldn't be killed, and cures were nowhere in sight, the plague would only spread more and more as mortals reproduced.

But because the plague relied on spiritual energy for transmission, a logical solution was formed: banish all mortals in the cultivation realm to small realms, broken pocket dimensions, and other places without spiritual energy. Then, formations would be used to isolate them forever, forbidding the mortals from returning.

In this way, the plague of mortals would be contained, allowing cultivators to slowly study cures for the plague.

Moreover, the world was filled with countless undeveloped pocket dimensions, so there were no concerns about running out of space for the exiled mortals.

Thus, under the arrangement of the unified will of the entire cultivation world, all mortals began their centuries-long migration.

The question of how many mortals would die during this century-long migration was not within the consideration of the cultivators. In the face of the strength of cultivators, mortals had no room for resistance.

In this way, after hundreds of years of migration, the mortals of the entire cultivation realm were dispersed across various small worlds. It took nearly a thousand more years for the plague's concentration to finally decrease to a manageable level.

During these thousand years, cultivators finally found a way to purify this plague after continuous research.

However, despite purification, the plague would still remain latent within mortal bloodlines, much to the dismay of cultivators.

Even if there were no more mortals in the world at that time, not every offspring between cultivators had the aptitude for cultivation, and more mortals would be born over time. Inside these mortals lay the threat of the plague.

Furthermore, because the plague was especially lethal to immortal cultivators, mortal offspring wishing to cultivate had to first purify themselves of the plague.

Over time, this plague became synonymous with the divide between immortals and mortals, so it was named the Immortal-Mortal Miasma.

In order to prevent the resurgence of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, cultivators agreed to avoid places where mortals had been banished.

Over time, these places became the so-called Lands of Immortal Extinction.

There were countless Lands of Immortal Extinction both big and small, but the number of cultivators willing to risk their lives to enter these places was very few.

It was already a blessing for Li Fan to stumble upon two of them.

Now, these cultivators did not have a way to bring mortals out. How could Li Fan expect another cultivator of a higher cultivation level to break in?

What's more, as a mortal, his lifespan was limited. Even if he could constantly simulate reincarnation, it would only be repeated within his lifespan.

This year, he was already seventy years old, and the upper limit of his physical lifespan was eighty-six.

The possibility of meeting another cultivator within those sixteen years was basically zero.

Since this was the case, how could Li Fan not feel despair?

Though he had glimpsed the path to cultivating immortality, in the end, it proved hopelessly distant.

Could it be that he could only repeat the life of a mortal over and over?

Li Fan was truly unwilling.

The road to immortality was right before him, seemingly within his reach, yet it was impossible to take the first step.

Thinking about everything he had experienced in his several lifetimes, his nearly three hundred years of bitter anticipation, Li Fan wasn't resigned to giving up the path to immortality.

Was there really no way?

Suddenly, like a bolt of lightning cutting through fog, Li Fan thought of something he had overlooked.

How had a large number of mortals migrated thousands of years ago?

Although the Land of Immortal Extinction and the cultivation world were adjacent, they were separate realms.

Surely these mortals didn't come here on foot, right?

There had to be some means of transportation, right?

Perhaps those means were still around today?

If he could find those means, could he use them to travel to the cultivation world?

Even if it was just a slim, almost negligible possibility, it sparked a glimmer of hope for Li Fan.

His excitement surged, and he immediately headed to the prison cell where Kou Hong was being held.

He wanted to consult Kou Hong on the feasibility of his idea.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 10: Unique Paths to Immortality


"How did the mortals during the Great Migration Plan come to the Land of Immortal Extinction?" Perhaps he had never thought about this before, as Kou Hong directly froze after hearing Li Fan ask this.

"Thousands of years have passed since the era of the Great Plague, and we're not sure what exactly happened during that time. Regarding the various things that happened back then, I've only heard rumors." Kou Hong shook his head after thinking for a moment.

"What, you still haven't given up?" Kou Hong looked at Li Fan and couldn't help but mock, "Even if you get out, what could you do? Still wanting to cultivate immortality at the age of seventy..."

He was halfway through his sentence, but when he saw Li Fan's icy cold eyes watching him as several trained soldiers stood beside them, he couldn't help but shiver and snapped his mouth shut.

Kou Hong had long been released from his prison by Li Fan.

After being trapped in the secret room and baptized by the Immortal-Mortal Miasma by Li Fan, his cultivation had regressed drastically, falling directly to the early stage of Qi Refining.

Unable to use any of his dao techniques, he was now just a slightly stronger mortal.

After being captured, he had originally cursed and raged, but after a few rounds of severe torture, Kou Hong became obedient.

"It turns out that high and mighty cultivators, after losing their cultivation, are no different from us mortals. In fact, they have even less backbone than us," a soldier on the side said mockingly.

"Yeah, this one didn't even last an hour under us." Another soldier chimed in.

Kou Hong was very frank: "Better to be alive than dead. Besides, in the cultivation realm, death is common. Although you are just a mortal, your skills and determination are not bad. I can't complain about you ambushing us, as you proved superior!"

"Don't you hate me?" Li Fan was a little curious.

"Hate? Of course I do!" Kou Hong aggressively drank a mouthful of the wine Li Fan had prepared for him, "But what can I do about it? Now that you are the knife and I am the meat on the chopping board, how could I threaten you? Wouldn't that be a death wish?"

"You are quite open-minded!" Li Fan smiled.

"It's just surviving by any means necessary!" Kou Hong snorted coldly.

"If you could return to the cultivation world, would you still be able to continue your cultivation?" After a moment of silence, Li Fan suddenly asked.

"What..." Kou Hong didn't react immediately.

"If you can help me find a way to travel to the cultivation realm, maybe I will take you with me." Li Fan promised.

"You treacherous villain, you still want to swindle me?" Kou Hong was furious, but he soon calmed down and looked at Li Fan fiercely.

Li Fan's face was calm: "Truth or falsehood, it's still a glimmer of hope for you. Are you willing to give up on your life and just die of old age in this tiny place?"

Hearing Li Fan's words, Kou Hong fell silent.

His face changed intensely, and it was obvious that his heart was struggling deeply.

After a long time, he finally let out a long sigh.

"Fine! I agree!"

"Don't worry, I, Li Fan, have always kept my promises, and have never gone back on my word." Li Fan said reassuringly.

The henchmen on the side carried solemn faces and lowered their heads.

In the entire court, who didn't know that the current Imperial Advisor was a man of his word; if he said he would kill your entire family, he would!

"No need to paint a rosy picture for me, as I am already willing to help you if only to gamble for a slim chance of survival." Kou Hong said coldly.

Hearing this, Li Fan didn't bother to explain further. Instead, he directly raised his speculation.

"If my guess is correct, back then, cultivators should have used a magic artifact similar to a flying boat or shuttle to migrate the mortals. In ancient times, when the cultivation world was flourishing with numerous sects and schools, this kind of transportation-type artifact was very popular. Unfortunately, later on, the world underwent tremendous changes, and cultivators became wary of each other. They started to act alone, and these flying boats and shuttles became rare sights." Kou Hong slowly responded.

"Are you referring to the catastrophe caused by the mysterious Immortal-Mortal Miasma?" Li Fan asked.

"Although the Immortal-Mortal Miasma was bizarre, it couldn't shake the foundations of the cultivation world. In fact, the reason why the Immortal-Mortal Miasma was able to run rampant was because the vast majority of the cultivators in heaven and earth had already fallen victim to a great calamity. The strength of the cultivation world plummeted, which is why it was unable to effectively deal with the Immortal-Mortal Miasma." Kou Hong shook his head, his complexion somewhat grave.

"A great calamity?" Li Fan suddenly recalled the scene of the crumbling mountain gate that he had seen in the depths of the Abyss Ruins previously, and he could not help but feel his heart trembling, "Could it be that immortality techniques cannot be practiced together?"

Kou Hong glanced at Li Fan in surprise, unsure of how he came up with the idea.

"Indeed, practitioners of the same technique cannot coexist!" Kou Hong let out a long sigh.

"In the ancient times, there was no such restriction. At that time, a countless number of great cultivation sects opened their doors to the world, recruiting disciples and teaching them their techniques. Cultivators had masters to guide them, and when they encountered difficulties in their cultivation, they could ask for advice at any time. They could also spar and learn from their fellow disciples who practiced the same techniques. Back then, the entire cultivation world flourished vibrantly!" Kou Hong said, unable to hide his longing.

"Unfortunately, the heavens and earth changed drastically! Immortal cultivators suddenly realized one day the efficiency of their cultivation was greatly reduced. While cultivating, they would know in their minds how many people in the entire cultivation world were practicing the same techniques as them. They discovered to their horror that the more people that practiced the same technique simultaneously, the lower the cultivation efficiency would be for everyone." Kou Hong spoke slowly in a dark voice, a hint of fear flashing in his eyes.

"In the beginning, everyone maintained restraint, trying to find a solution to the problem. However, in the following decades, countless cultivators were stuck in place, unable to advance their cultivation. Eventually, they reached their limits and could no longer hide the killing intent within their hearts."

"A catastrophe that swept through the entire cultivation world began. Anyone who practiced the same technique became an obstacle to all the others! Former masters and disciples, senior brothers and junior sisters, all became mortal enemies in an instant! Even if someone's heart was not willing to kill, how could they be sure all other parties thought the same? Who could guarantee that the other party would not eventually ambush them? All cultivators were plunged into endless suspicion, and the only people they could trust were themselves!"

"At that time, all sects became hell overnight. Those scattered cultivators hiding in deep mountains and secret realms trying to take refuge were not spared either, because cultivators who practiced the same technique would also sense each other's location!"

"Massacre, endless massacre. I don't know how long it lasted before it gradually subsided. By then, the once thriving cultivation realm had become incredibly desolate, with all the sects ceasing to exist, leaving behind only solitary cultivators." Kou Hong narrated this ancient calamity in the cultivation world with great detail.

Li Fan listened intently, his emotions rising and falling as more questions formed in his heart.

Since immortal practitioners of the same technique could not coexist, how did cultivators practice now? What did the cultivation world look like today?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 11: Labor Tirelessly in the Pursuit of Immortality


"In today's world, a mortal who wants to cultivate immortality has no more than a few options." Kou Hong patiently explained.

"One is to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is a loose alliance formed by many cultivators where one can earn contribution points by taking on and completing quests or trading with others. With the contribution points, one can then exchange for cultivation techniques and resources from the alliance."

"Second is the Five Elders Association. The Five Elders Association is an organization created by five top-tier powerhouses, and it wields significant influence. As long as one has the qualifications to cultivate, one can voluntarily join and choose a cultivation technique. The price is that one needs to sign a soul contract and serve the Five Elders Association for a certain amount of time."

"The third is to choose to join the local forces around the world. Although these forces can't be compared to the previous two, the local forces tend to be more cohesive and generally don't involve dangerous missions, which is more suitable for those with laid-back dispositions. As for certain other chaotic organizations, they are not very reliable, so let's not mention them." Kou Hong slowly explained the general situation of today's cultivation world.

Li Fan frowned at his words and was a bit puzzled, "From your description, why does it seem like cultivation techniques are not that scarce in the cultivation world?"

Kou Hong snorted coldly, "That's because the techniques obtained through these organizations are all incomplete."

"Incomplete?" Li Fan stared blankly, then suddenly realized. "If you want to obtain a higher level-technique, you have to continue to sell your life for them?"

"Not bad!" Kou Hong replied bitterly. "All techniques have been crippled by major factions in recent years, and cultivating them to the peak of Foundation Establishment is the limit. If you want to break through to the next realm, you have to switch to a higher level technique every further realm you reach."

"Switching techniques? If one has to replace their cultivation technique and cultivate from the beginning every realm breakthrough, wouldn't that mean that all the previous efforts were in vain?" Li Fan was shocked.

"That won't be the case." Kou Hong shook his head. "Ordinary cultivators must cultivate the Tai Shang Primordial Scripture. It is rumored that this sutra was the highest scripture of the Tai Shang Sect and served as the foundation of their sect. After the great catastrophe, the Tai Shang Sect was annihilated, leaving behind only fragments of the Tai Shang Primordial True Scripture in the world. This scripture isn't a cultivation technique, it's instead more like a secret art. It allows the person practicing it to freely convert their spiritual energy without significant loss, and be able to quickly catch up to the original realm after dispersing his or her original technique and switching to a new one."

"There is actually such a miraculous method," Li Fan marveled. "But the appearance of this remnant was quite timely. Only this way would the countless cultivators become able to accept constantly changing cultivation techniques."

Li Fan laughed coldly, "In my opinion, this 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture' has likely been preserved as far more than just remnants. I'm afraid it's just that the person behind the scenes is only willing to release this part to control the cycle of changing techniques."

Kou Hong sighed longingly, "Who doesn't understand this logic? But what can be done? True techniques are hard to come by, and although being exploited is regrettable, at least there is a visible goal and means to achieve it. I'm not willing to be controlled by others for the rest of my life, but I'm not willing to risk my life. Those who despise control and are willing to risk their life to search for opportunities in the various secret realms and ancient sects are only a minority."

Li Fan nodded, gaining a rough understanding of the situation of the cultivation world today. It was completely different from the carefree, single-minded pursuit of immortality he had imagined. Instead, it had become slightly similar to his previous world.

Thinking about all this, Li Fan couldn't help but sneer.

Kou Hong didn't notice the difference in Li Fan's mind. He sighed involuntarily, "Dao Xuanzi never knew that the reason why I grabbed the technique and ran away was not because it was a Golden Core technique, but because it was a genuine technique that could lead to the realm of Nascent Soul."

"If it really was a Golden Core technique, I still would've been able to control myself. But it was, after all, a true Nascent Soul technique..." Kou Hong lamented repeatedly.

When Li Fan heard this, his heart stirred, and he touched the ring he was wearing on his hand.

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi's items had already been seized by him and stored in this storage ring. Perhaps it was because he had gone through many reincarnations and his mental strength was far beyond that of normal people, but the storage ring that usually required divine sense at the Qi Refining Stage to function was usable by him as well. However, if he couldn't find a way to leave the Land of Immortal Extinction, these things would be completely useless to him, so he didn't have the heart to examine them carefully yet.

Next, Kou Hong introduced Li Fan to the common knowledge of the cultivation world, such as how the fall of a cultivator would invoke a heavenly vision to all within a certain range. Finally, he returned to the topic of leaving and discussed Li Fan's hope for flying boat legacies from the Great Migration Plan.

"Perhaps there is indeed such a possibility," Kou Hong thought carefully before affirming.

"I've heard rumors that for the past thousands of years, there have been occasional reports of mortals banished to the Immortal Extinction Lands who then secretly returned to the cultivation world. It's just that most of it is just hearsay without any solid evidence."

"Where there's smoke, there's fire. Sometimes rumors contain the truth of the matter." Li Fan's heart perked up, "After all, mortals and cultivators are inextricably linked. It is normal for some cultivators to leave a path for their mortal families to return. I think these mortals were able to return through the backup methods left by these cultivators."

Kou Hong was not very optimistic: "Even so, thousands of years have passed. This realm is also quite vast, and the possibility of being able to find these hopes is very slim."

"As long as there is a ray of hope, I will not give up." Li Fan said firmly.

"I really don't know why you, a dying old man, remain so attached to this..." Kou Hong muttered in a small voice.

Li Fan pretended not to hear and said solemnly to Kou Hong, "As long as you help me find a way to travel to the cultivation world, not only will I release you and allow you to come with me, but I'll also return all of your and Dao Xuanzi's belongings."

"Including that Nascent Soul Technique!"

"Truly?!" Kou Hong raised his head violently, a strong trace of hope emerging in his eyes.

"Of course." Li Fan nodded his head.

"Good... if this is the case, I will do my best to help you." Kou Hong gritted his teeth and finally made up his mind.

Although he had been deceived by Li Fan several times and did not know how trustworthy Li Fan's promises were, he was just like Li Fan. As long as there was even a sliver of hope, he was unwilling to give up.

To be trapped here for decades and die of old age was definitely not what he, Kou Hong, desired!

...

Next, with the help of Kou Hong, Li Fan collected history books and classics of the world, trying to find clues about the Great Migration Plan from ancient records.

At the same time, Li Fan also used the army to excavate ancient tombs, trying to find some clues from them. Although it led to a lot of public grievances and hundreds of officials writing letters to admonish him day after day, they were all forcibly suppressed by him.

Unfortunately, too much time had passed since the Great Migration Plan, and his remaining lifespan in this world was too short.

Sixteen years later, in the 66th year, Li Fan's end was approaching, but he still had nothing to show for it.

Ordering that Kou Hong should be released, Li Fan came alone to the underground chamber of the Imperial Advisor's Mansion.

With a movement of his divine mind, Li Fan took out all the items in his storage ring and laid them out in order.

First, Li Fan focused on the jade slip that emitted a faint golden glow.

It was the Nascent Soul technique that caused Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi to turn against each other!

*****

TL Note: Tai Shang Sect = Supreme Sect/Mount Tai Sect or something like that. I'll stick with pinyin though and just share the translations in a note, unless people overwhelmingly prefer the westernized form.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 12: Second Anchor Point Emerges


"Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra, Nascent Soul technique, current number of cultivators: 0."

Li Fan picked up the jade slip and a message naturally appeared in his mind.

"Nascent Soul realm, huh..." Li Fan's heart was filled with longing, but it was a pity that right now, he was still just a mortal without a hint of divine sense. Although he could use the storage ring, he could not do anything with this Nascent Soul technique, and could only look on with bated breath, unable to learn its content.

Owning a treasure but being unable to access it, Li Fan could only look at it greedily for a few more moments before finally putting it down with reluctance.

Li Fan then looked at a rusty iron sword beside it.

It was none other than Dao Xuanzi's Foundation Establishment Treasure, [Rust Sword Dao Xuan].

According to Kou Hong, if a Qi Refining Cultivator wanted to break through, he needed to use a treasure of heaven and earth as the basis to establish their foundation.

These treasures were unique, and only those with destiny could find them.

Furthermore, once a cultivator establishes their foundation through the treasure, the treasure will become inextricably tied to the cultivator.

If the cultivator falls, then the natural treasure will fall with them, losing their extraordinary properties and becoming an ordinary object.

Li Fan stroked the unusual iron sword in front of him with his hand, but his attention was focused on the information that suddenly emerged from [Truth].

"Charging item found: Rust Sword Dao Xuan (remnant)."

"Consume to recharge?"

Li Fan pondered for a moment and chose yes.

The rusty sword in his hand silently disappeared, and with that, a line of small words appeared in Li Fan's mind.

"Current anchor recharging progress: 1%"

"Current number of anchor points: 1"

Li Fan's heart stirred; according to the feedback from [Truth], when the anchor charging progress reached 100%, a second anchor point will be opened.

In the future, everything will be virtualized, and when choosing to return, one could choose to restart from any one of the anchor points.

"If the second anchor point can really be opened, it would be incredibly convenient," Li Fan thought, looking forward to it.

For example, he kept repeating his reincarnation in these lifetimes in an attempt to get the cultivation method from Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi. The previous fifty years had been a repetitive ordeal for him. Moreover, uncontrollable variables sometimes arose.

If he could start his reincarnation directly from the time he became the Imperial Advisor and took control of the world, then each attempt would be much more efficient.

Thinking further, he was only a mortal, and each reincarnation would last only fifty years. Although it was long, Li Fan was able to accept it. However, once he embarked on the path of cultivation, where progress could take hundreds or thousands of years, starting over would be devastating. The thought made concerns rise in his heart.

However, if more anchor points could be opened, then Li Fan would have many more opportunities for trial and error. It was not impossible to keep trying step by step to find the perfect path to immortality.

As for the initial anchor point, it could also be used as a last resort.

"Although heaven and earth treasures are hard to come by, the cultivation world is incomparably vast, and treasures will be abundant. As long as I can leave this Land of Immortal Extinction and escape my shackles... " With these thoughts in mind, Li Fan's desire to leave this place grew more passionate.

After absorbing the Rust Sword Dao Xuan, Li Fan didn't pay too much attention to the other things in the storage ring.

It was nothing more than some standard spirit stones, low-grade spiritual weapons, and other such things.

Standard spirit stones, which were jointly manufactured by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and Five Elders Association, had different grades and were the recognized currency of the world of cultivation. Each spirit stone had a unique anti-counterfeiting seal that could not be imitated by others.

In fact, the reason why a standard spirit stone was valuable was because it was recognized by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association, and could be exchanged for cultivation techniques. On the other hand, privately made inferior spirit stones and natural spirit stones dug out from various spirit mines were all worthless.

This was because in today's cultivation world, what bottlenecked most cultivators were not resources such as spiritual qi and spiritual stones, but instead cultivation techniques of each realm.

It was because the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association controlled the vast majority of the world's cultivation techniques that they could become behemoths spanning the entire cultivation world.

As for those low-grade spiritual weapons, they were mostly used as consumables in fights. Kou Hong and Dao Xuan Zi were not particularly wealthy, so the spiritual weapons on their bodies were common goods that had little value.

After storing away the items in front of him, including the Nascent Soul technique, one by one into his storage ring, Li Fan had become exhausted.

His body was already so frail, like a candle in the wind, and it would completely fall apart at any time.

Taking a deep breath, Li Fan closed his eyes, as if he wanted to engrave his weakness at this moment firmly in his heart.

Afterwards, Li Fan no longer hesitated and called out [Truth], ending this life.

...

In the darkness, scenes of his previous life flashed by rapidly, and eventually, a few familiar lines appeared in the field of vision.

[The simulation ends.]

[You can choose one of the following options to keep:

1. An item possessed by you during this simulation.

2. Your cultivation level in this simulation.

3. The simulated memories of a person close to you in this simulation. These memories can be inherited by that person.

4. Abandon the above choices to accelerate the recharging progress.]

Li Fan chose the first item this time.

Unfortunately, his attempt to be clever by placing all of his items in the storage ring in his last life failed.

Items such as the storage ring, Nascent Soul technique, spiritual stones, spiritual weapons, and so on appeared in Li Fan's mind in turn.

Li Fan naturally chose the Nascent Soul technique.

What surprised him was that after he chose the cultivation technique, he could take it out and put it back into [Truth] at any time. Moreover, the technique was already bound to himself, in a sense.

This technique already completely belonged to him, and even if he did not choose to bring it back in the next life simulation, it would still exist in [Truth], ready to be brought out at any time.

"With this, many more plans have become available..." Li Fan took out the golden jade slip and played with it in his hands while pondering over his course of action in this lifetime.

"Thousands of years have passed since the Great Migration Era, and the relevant clues have long been buried deep underground. Mass excavation of ancient tombs is too sensational, and despite the strong control I had over the court in the previous life, this matter sparked significant opposition. With such little preparation, such a matter would undoubtedly be difficult to sustain."

"However, if I start laying out the groundwork from the beginning and spend twenty years, it may not be impossible to transform the mindsets of people in the world..."

Name: Li Fan

Cultivation Realm: Mortal

Physical Age: 20/86

Mental Age: 282/1109↑

Recharge progress: 0%

Anchoring Charge Progress: 1%

Current number of anchor points: 1

Bound Items: Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra

...

As time passed, Li Fan's sixth life began.

Everything progressed according to the established trajectory, but under Li Fan's discreet influence, many subtle changes occurred in the world.

After three years, rumors that immortals were descending into the world spread out one after another all over the Grand Xuan Kingdom.

In the fifth year, the School of Ancient Wisdom suddenly emerged. This school brought with it several volumes of ancient texts, which were so extraordinarily rare that they shook the entire world.

The names of the ancient scrolls were: "Yi Jing", "Dao De Jing", "Nan Hua", "Lunyu", and "Daxue. [1]

*****

[1] Famous literature from China. You might recognize Lunyu (The Analects) as one of the core writings of Confucianism and Dao De Jing as foundational to Daoism.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 13: Shaping the World


Xuanjing City, Scholarship Abode.

A group of scholars gathered together to examine the volumes of ancient books that had recently caused the world to tremble.

Ever since the ancient books appeared in the world a few days ago, the city's bookstores have been printing additional copies without stopping. Even so, the demand for the published books exceeded the supply. These scholars also managed to obtain a few volumes today with great difficulty, so they invited a group of friends to come here to enjoy it together.

"Supreme benevolence is like water, benefiting all things without hesitation. Wonderful, wonderful!"

"Dao begets one, one begets two, two begets three, and three begets all things. In just a few words, it instantly feels infinitely profound; this scripture is truly extraordinary!"

"In my opinion, these three thousand words are worth more than all the literature I've read before!"

"I feel the same way!"

"No, no, no, in my opinion, the subtlety of that volume of 'Yi Jing' is even higher than that of Dao De Jing. Although the words are obscure and cryptic, they are so well-written that they seem to contain the supreme principles of heaven and earth."

"Precisely, 'The way of heaven is to benefit others, and the gentleman is unceasing in his self-improvement!' It speaks to the heart of my generation!"

The scholars were discussing enthusiastically, looking mesmerized.

At this moment, one of them suddenly sighed, "I never expected that such an exquisite text has been buried thousands of years underground without anyone knowing about it. Every time I think about it, it pains me deeply!"

These words also caused the crowd to echo in agreement.

"Yes, our late master loved reading the most during his lifetime. If he had been able to read these few volumes of scriptures, I wonder how delighted he would have been."

"It is unfortunate that all the world's past scholars couldn't read these scriptures!"

"However, these scriptures were written by previous generations, lost due to war, and preserved in ancient tombs as fragments, right? As I read the 'Nan Hua' and the Lunyu, I noticed that none of the people and events in them are recorded in the history books." Among the crowd, a voice abruptly interjected.

The crowd was quiet for a moment, but then they came to a firm conclusion.

"It must be so. There is absolutely no possibility of forgery of such texts by modern people. Existing history books only detail nearly three thousand years of history. Before three thousand years ago, there were basically no detailed records. I think these classics are the product of that time."

"I heard that the School of Ancient Wisdom claimed that in ancient times, there were hundreds of competing schools of thought, and the classics that were born were as numerous as the stars in the sky. These few volumes of scriptures that we are reading today are but an insignificant part of them."

This statement immediately caused a gasp of surprise in the restaurant.

"There is actually such a thing!"

"The thought that there are still so many classic texts buried deep underground, unknown to the world, makes me incomparably heartbroken and unable to sleep at night!"

"I wonder what the rest of the classics are like."

...

"But after all, these ancient texts are deeply hidden in various ancient tombs. What the School of Ancient Visitors has said about the massive excavation of ancient tombs in search of the lost classics is really against human decency."

The crowd of scholars instinctively wanted to speak out in agreement, but once they thought of the countless classic texts still waiting to be unearthed underground, their tone became less resolute.

"Didn't the leader of the School of Ancient Wisdom say that what they are doing is a matter of protection and rescue of classics, and not tomb-robbing?"

"That's right, I heard that every time they excavate an ancient tomb, they don't wreak havoc like previous grave robbers who only take gold and silver. Instead, they carefully take out all of the objects and keep them properly. If there is any damage, there is also someone responsible for repairing it."

"Indeed, one cannot simply compare them to grave robbers."

However, there were still quite a few people in the crowd who held opposing views.

"But that's just a nice way of putting it. What's the difference? Who here doesn't have an ancestor? If your family's ancestor's tomb was excavated like this, how would you feel?"

"The precedent of this matter is absolutely unacceptable, or else the consequences will be endless. We must do our best to dissuade it."

"Exactly. "

...

There were still some people who did not voice their opinions, acting as peacemakers.

"The Emperor and the ministers in the court will definitely have made their decision on this matter, so we don't need to worry too much about it."

"Let's wait and see, let's wait and see."

...

As the 'Dao De Jing' spread throughout the world, heated debates erupted all over the Grand Xuan Kingdom.

There were countless scenes similar to the one in the Scholarship Abode today.

Li Fan knew that wanting to change the minds of the people of the world in such a short period of time would definitely not work.

Right now, it was just the beginning.

But Li Fan wasn't worried at all that things wouldn't work out.

In the current world, it was the scholars who held the power of speech.

With countless classics as bait, Li Fan was not afraid that these scholars would not fall into line.

What's more, Li Fan didn't need these people's support. As long as they didn't oppose him, it was enough.

...

While secretly plotting to control the world, Li Fan was also gradually increasing the influence of the School of Ancient Wisdom in the secular world.

In the sixth year, the Emperor was suddenly stricken with a serious illness and was bedridden. All the doctors were at their wits' end. At this time, the School of Ancient Wisdom brought forth a pill, claiming that this elixir was found in an ancient tomb and was suspected to be left by an immortal, with the power to revive the dead.

The Emperor did not pay attention at first, but with his body slowly withering away, he reluctantly took it as a last resort.

Surprisingly, the pill worked wonders, and the Emperor returned to full health after only a few days.

The court was shocked, and the ministers discussed.

The Emperor even sent out an edict to summon the leader of the School of Ancient Wisdom into the palace and ask about the immortal. For a few days, he did not go to court.

Since then, the Emperor wholeheartedly believed in the existence of immortals. He secretly authorized his army to cooperate with the School of Ancient Wisdom to look for traces of immortals in the ancient tombs.

In the ninth year, the School of Ancient Wisdom held an exhibition in the City of Xuanjing, inviting the ministers of the imperial court and the princes and nobles of the capital to watch.

Although these people were very rich and knowledgeable, after seeing the rare treasures in the exhibition, they were all stunned, and could not extricate themselves from the wonders.

After this, the School of Ancient Wisdom even loosened its restrictions so that ordinary people could enter the exhibition as long as they purchased a ticket.

Xuanjing City was suddenly in an uproar.

Countless people lined up, wanting to enter the exhibition to get a glimpse of the treasures. The number of people was so large that it caused the roads in the capital to be blocked. Fortunately, the Emperor issued an order to have the garrison battalion hold formation to maintain order, and only then was the excitement gradually suppressed.

The spectacle lasted for more than half a month.

After this, instead of closing, the exhibition began to tour around, visiting each part of the Grand Xuan Kingdom.

In the eleventh year, Jiangnan Prefecture uncovered a vicious grave-robbing case and captured a grave-robbing group of hundreds of people.

This group had gone on a rampage, excavating ancient tombs in the deep mountains and causing incalculable damage.

According to the law, all of them should be sentenced to death.

However, the number of people involved in the case was so large that the governor of Jianghuai Prefecture did not dare to make the decision on his own, and sent a letter over eight hundred miles to Xuanjing City, to ask the Emperor to make a decision.

Some ministers were outraged and wrote a letter asking for the death penalty.

However, surprisingly, the vast majority of court officials remained silent at this time.

The emperor also ignored all the memorials that were sent and did not take a position.

It was only after a month that the Emperor's decree arrived.

Instead of capital punishment, they were only sentenced to slavery and were to be brought to the capital.

Few ministers in the court wrote a letter of opposition.

Li Fan looked at the edict and smiled slightly, knowing that the situation had already been decided.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 14: Light Emerging from the Darkness


After thirteen years, ancient texts such as the "Shangshu", "Shi", and "Li" [1] emerged, and scholars across the world yearned for that lost history more and more.

In the fifteenth year, the Emperor became seriously ill. In a desperate attempt to renew his life, he sent more than 100,000 troops to excavate ancient tombs and look for traces of the elixir of immortality.

Although some ministers gave many criticisms, the court did not submit a large-scale petition against it.

Unfortunately, the elixir remained elusive. Even though hundreds of tombs were excavated, no trace of it could be found.

At the end of the year, the emperor died with regret. Before he died, he passed on his throne to the Prince of Langya.

At this point, Li Fan finally regained control of the world.

Under the influence of Li Fan, the trend of exploring ancient tombs continued to grow.

After seventeen years, a mountain hunter stumbled upon an ancient tomb, pleasing the Imperial Advisor and receiving a noble title as a reward. Since then, the people of the world have become even more enthusiastic and obsessed with exploring ancient tombs. No matter how remote the mountains and forests were, one could see groups of tomb explorers.

Time flowed, and we arrived at the twenty-third year.

Li Fan stood in the Imperial Advisor's mansion, reviewing the summary of clues obtained from official and private tomb explorers over the past few years.

Before this, there were only three thousand years of historical records in this world, totaling twenty-three dynasties.

With the excavation of ancient tombs, the previously lost history was also gradually filled in.

Before these twenty-three dynasties, there were sixteen more dynasties, dating back to about six or seven thousand years ago.

The earliest one that could be found was named the Qi Dynasty.

"Six or seven thousand years, it almost matches the Great Migration Era," Li Fan thought to himself.

With that, he ordered his men to focus on excavating the ancient tombs of the Qi Dynasty.

He even offered a reward to the world, claiming that anyone who could find the ancient tombs of the Qi Dynasty would be granted a noble title.

As soon as the news came out, people all over the world rushed to share the news.

Countless young people embarked on the road of tomb exploration.

No matter how obscure history was, it couldn't withstand such enthusiastic excavation by people from all over the world.

After twenty-five years, the tomb of the first emperor of the Qi Dynasty, Yi Xing, was finally found.

Upon hearing the news, Li Fan led his trusted advisors to the scene in person and blocked off the perimeter.

In the past ten years or so, the techniques for excavating ancient tombs in the Grand Xuan Kingdom had developed by leaps and bounds, leading to a set of extremely effective plans for opening tombs.

Even though the tomb of the first emperor of this realm was huge in scale and had countless mechanisms, with the efforts of all the people from the Tomb Exploration Battalion, a passageway leading to the main chamber was chiseled through in just over a month.

After all obstacles were removed, Li Fan entered the interior of the tomb while surrounded by a crowd.

The main tomb passage stretched for hundreds of meters, and the walls on both sides were filled with lifelike murals. Although thousands of years had passed, they were still clearly visible.

Li Fan paced slowly, glancing over the murals along the way.

The murals were divided into several parts.

In the first part, the main character in the painting, the first emperor of the Qi Dynasty, Yi Xing, was sitting on top of a mountain. Above the wispy white clouds, several immortal trails were leading to him.

In the second part, a dark calamity descended. The red color of blood spilled over the earth. Led by Yi Xing, the people who survived flew through the vast sea of clouds into one large ship-like construct, and after encountering countless ferocious dangers, they arrived at a vast plain. Since then, the people have settled down here.

In the third part, Yi Xing, with the support of the people, declared himself Emperor and established the Qi Dynasty.

In the fourth part, there were all the trivial things that happened during Yi Xing's reign.

...

After examining the murals, Li Fan came to the main tomb chamber.

The tomb space was forty to fifty meters high and thousands of meters in length and width. The top of the tomb seemed to be modeled after a starry sky, inlaid with thousands of night pearls.

Inside the tomb chamber, the layout resembled a mountain gate, with peaks rising amidst a sea of clouds.

It was unknown how this sea of clouds was created, nor how it remained fixed in the tomb over thousands of years without dissipating.

There were invisible paths connecting the various mountaintops, and the people all marveled as they journeyed along.

"It really is an immortal's means." Li Fan said in his heart.

At the highest peak was a simple grass hut, surrounded by abandoned farmland.

It was only after the crowd walked in that they realized that the thatched grass of the grass hut was actually made with endless amounts of fine golden thread.

Obviously, this cottage was Yi Xing's coffin.

At Li Fan's signal, the crowd opened the door of the thatched cottage.

To everyone's surprise, there were actually no remains of Yi Xing inside the house.

There was only a wooden tablet that stood quietly inside.

Written on the tablet were a few golden characters, "Tomb of Yi Xing, Outer Disciple of the Tai Yan Sect."

Other than that, there was nothing else.

"It seems that although this person joined this sect called the Tai Yan Sect, he was just an outer disciple who failed to embark on the immortal path. In the end, he was banished to this place by other cultivators."

"Before he died, he still couldn't forget about his sect, and instead of his position as emperor, he referred to himself as an outer disciple of the Tai Yan Sect."

"It's just that according to Kou Hong's previous statement, the world's sects should have been dispersed in the calamity before the Great Migration Era. Now, it seems that there may be hidden secrets."

Li Fan kept pondering in his mind.

"This Yi Xing should have been entrusted by the cultivators of the Tai Yan Sect to take charge of the Great Migration to this realm. I wonder if I can find the flying boat that was used for the migration."

The search in the main chamber was fruitless, so Li Fan ordered the Tomb Exploring Battalion to excavate the perimeter, trying to find clues from the surrounding accompanying tombs.

A few days later, a piece of bad news came that made Li Fan both furious and helpless.

It turned out that the people of the Tomb Explorer Battalion had found a record of the "flying boat" in the list of burial items in one of the surrounding burial chambers. Unfortunately, this burial chamber was actually stolen from earlier.

And based on the traces of destruction, the theft was also a thousand years ago.

"It's like this again and again! Every time I see hope, it ends up escaping my grasp!"

Li Fan seethed with fury.

The people around him remained silent.

It was only after a long time that Li Fan calmed down his mind.

He still ordered the Tomb Explorer Battalion to excavate ancient tombs and look for traces of the immortal boat, but he returned to Xuanjing City, lacking much hope.

After another ten years, the time came to the thirty-fifth year, but things took a turn for the better.

This day, Li Fan received an urgent report.

"Discovered a tomb of the immortals?" Li Fan was a bit stunned, then rejoiced and inquired carefully.

It turned out that over the years, although Li Fan was a bit disillusioned, the people's enthusiasm for exploring ancient tombs had not declined at all. Countless ancient tombs were dug over the Grand Xuan Kingdom.

And as those large ancient tombs were dug up, people turned their attention to those small ancient tombs that were previously ignored.

A few days ago, a group of young men were digging an inconspicuous tomb when they were suddenly injured by an inexplicable force, resulting in heavy casualties.

Those who survived immediately reported the matter to the officials.

It should be known that in the decades that Grand Xuan had been exploring ancient tombs, although there had been casualties, most of them were caused by traps. It was the first time that someone had encountered such a mysterious incident before they even opened the tomb.

The Tomb Exploring Battalion didn't dare to slack off and sent people to investigate immediately.

Although many experienced veterans and heavily armed soldiers joined hands, they could not break into this small tomb.

Shocked, the people hurriedly reported the matter to Li Fan.

Li Fan rushed to the scene after hearing the news, and after utilizing the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, he finally destroyed the unknown power surrounding the tomb.

Upon entering the tomb, amongst the array of burial objects, a small wooden boat was found.

*****

[1] More famous Chinese literature.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 15: Foundation Establishment Remains


This tiny wooden boat was none other than the flying boat that Li Fan had been longing for.

Through a message that the tomb owner had carved on the wall of the tomb before he died, Li Fan finally understood the whole story.

It turned out that the tomb owner's name was Qian Hong, and he was a Foundation Establishment stage cultivator. More than three thousand years ago, he was hunted down by his enemies, and in desperation, he hid in this Immortal Extinction Land.

He wanted to hide for a while and then leave, but he didn't know that there was no spiritual qi in the Land of Immortal Extinction, and he was a poor cultivator who had few spirit stones on his body. It didn't take long for him to run out of spirit stones. Without the means to replenish his spiritual energy, his cultivation deteriorated.

After failing to break through the Immortal Extinction Formation and becoming seriously injured, Qian Hong knew that he was trapped.

However, this person was also a resilient person and did not give up.

He guessed that when mortals were banished to this place a thousand years ago, they might have left one or two flying boats.

So he made many inquiries, and after spending several decades, he finally found Yi Xing's tomb.

There was indeed a flying boat present in the tomb, but what made him despair was that the core formation array inside the flying boat had been damaged, and because he was not good at the art of formations, he could not repair it.

Moreover, even if the flying boat was repaired, without spirit stones, he would not be able to provide it with enough power with his cultivation at that time.

At this point, Qian Hong finally gave up on this Immortal Extinction Land. After that, he went incognito and lived an ordinary life as a mortal.

Before he died, he carved his life onto the wall of his tomb, hoping that in the future generations, if any cultivator broke into his tomb, they would bring his bones back to the cultivation realm. The few things he left in the tomb would be considered his payment in advance.

The first was the source of the power that guarded Qian Hong's grave and caused the deaths of dozens of tomb robbers previously, and the reason why Qian Hong was convinced that anyone who could break in must be a cultivator.

The mystical artifact: Stone Tablet of Prohibition.

It was a half-broken stone tablet, on which the word "stop" was vaguely visible.

Li Fan touched the stele, and there was no response from [Truth], disappointing him. Previously, in order to break into the cemetery, he had used a large amount of Immortal-Mortal Miasma, and because of this, the monument was corrupted by the miasma and had already turned into an ordinary stone.

However, Li Fan didn't care too much, since he knew where Qian Hong's tomb was and could come back for it in his next life.

The second thing left by Qian Hong was two jade slips. The jade slips contained the techniques that he had painstakingly exchanged from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

"Minor Heart Resolve, Qi Refining stage technique, current number of cultivators: 1."

"Record of Clouds of Water, Foundation Establishment stage technique, current number of cultivators: 1."

Picking up the jade slip and receiving the information coming from it, Li Fan's heart jumped violently, thinking that Qian Hong was not dead and that this place was a trap set by him.

But a moment later, Li Fan realized the truth. Over three thousand years had passed, and even a Golden Core cultivator would have turned into dust.

As for why these techniques were being practiced today, Li Fan understood after a little thought.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance must have the original archives of the techniques. If they saw the number of people practicing the techniques change to zero, they would know that the cultivator who exchanged the techniques before had already died.

After this, it was natural to take these techniques out and let people redeem them again.

In these three thousand years, these two techniques likely had changed owners numerous times.

"How profiteering..." Li Fan was speechless for a moment.

After some lamentation, Li Fan turned his gaze to the third item, the Tai Yan Boat.

This item was exactly the tool that the Tai Yan Sect used to migrate mortals.

Perhaps it was because this flying boat was broken that it was left behind.

After thousands of years of twists and turns, it had finally fallen into Li Fan's hands, becoming his hope to jump out of this Immortal Extinction Land.

Holding the Tai Yan Boat in his hands, Li Fan's heart surged. After hundreds of years of anticipation, he had finally achieved his goal.

As for the Tai Yan Boat being damaged, Li Fan was not worried at all.

Qian Hong could not repair it, and neither could he, but someone else could!

......

Fifteen years later, the fiftieth year after the anchor point arrived, and Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi visited Xuanjing City once more.

"Dao Xuanzi! Do not overstep your bounds!"

"Kou Hong! Do you think I will let you go just because you escaped to this Land of Immortal Extinction? Hand over the technique you obtained that day, or I won't rest until you're dead!"

"Ridiculous! It's because of the lack of a Golden Core technique that I've been trapped in the Foundation Stage for nearly a hundred years. I'm about to turn into withered bones; my end is approaching. However, I have now finally obtained a Golden Core technique. How could I possibly hand it over to others!"

"Indeed! A Golden Core technique with no other practitioners, an irreplaceable treasure. Although many Golden Core techniques exist, innumerable cultivators are stuck at the Foundation Establishment stage!"

"It's just a single technique! It's ridiculous that despite how you and I have been brothers for a hundred years, we're now fighting to the death for a chance of survival!"

...

The two of them were about to fight to the death, but they heard a burst of bold laughter coming from Xuanjing City below.

"Is a mere Golden Core technique worth the two of you fighting to the death?!"

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi simultaneously changed expressions and looked downwards.

"Who are you? How presumptuous!"

"Arrogant!"

The two both spoke, but their expressions were on guard at the same time.

"The two of you might as well come down for a moment!"

They saw a silver-haired elder shouting loudly from the Imperial Advisor's Mansion below.

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi exchanged glances, and while staying on guard, landed in the Imperial Advisor's Mansion.

"Haha, please!" The silver-haired elder seemed to be very happy as he led the two of them to the lobby and sat down.

After ordering his subordinates to prepare wine and food to entertain them, he said with some emotion, "Back then, when my ancestor was on his deathbed, he had said that in the future, there might be two people who would come from the Abyss Ruins and fly to the capital, and that would be the opportunity for my clan to escape this place."

"For thousands of years, the people of my clan have been both believing and doubting it. Now, I have finally found confirmation!" The old man laughed out loud and drank from the wine cup in front of him.

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi, on the other hand, looked at each other in disbelief.

"I don't know what the elder's name is?" Kou Hong asked, his tone much more polite.

"Li Fan," he replied with a smile.

"According to your words, your ancestor had foreseen that the two of us would come here thousands of years ago? What did he mean by 'the opportunity to escape this place'?" Dao Xuanzi frowned and sized up Li Fan.

Li Fan seemed to be a bit unhappy at his words, "What? You two don't believe me?"

Kou Hong laughed and shook his head, "This matter is too mysterious. The two of us have traveled the cultivation world for a hundred years, and we have never heard of any deduction technique that can predict thousands of years into the future."

Dao Xuanzi followed suit and shook his head.

Li Fan straightened up, looked disdainfully with his head held high, and asked, "I wonder if the two of you have ever heard of the Tai Yan Sect?"

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi looked at each other with some shock, "Could it be that this was the sect that was famous for its art of deduction in ancient times?"

Li Fan secretly breathed a sigh of relief and nodded his head lightly, "My ancestor was a member of the Tai Yan Sect."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 16: Grasping Immortals Within One’s Palm


Li Fan's eyes narrowed slightly as he gazed into the distance with a nostalgic expression.

"In the beginning, when my ancestor entered the Tai Yan Sect, he did not like to cultivate and was instead obsessed with the art of deduction and calculation. Originally, this wouldn't have been a problem, but who would have thought that the world would go through great turmoil, and mortals had to be migrated.

With my ancestor's Qi Refinement cultivation, he would not be forced to migrate. However, my ancestor's worldly affairs were not yet settled, and seeing the panic spreading among his family, he took responsibility for the migration of mortals. After that, he stayed here with my family."

Li Fan spoke eloquently with great emotion.

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi both nodded slowly, finding that Li Fan's words seemed to align with the legends they had heard before.

Kou Hong even wondered, "The Tai Yan Sect still existed during the Great Migration Era? I heard earlier that all the ancient sects were destroyed in the previous upheaval of the world."

Li Fan was first stunned, then shook his head, "It's just a rumor. Although after the great catastrophe, immortal laws couldn't be practiced together, the Tai Yan Sect had as many techniques as there were stars. Distributing one technique to each person was not a difficult task. At first, the sect suffered a small loss, but it was far from being destroyed."

Li Fan's words were filled with pride, especially with the claim that "the Tai Yan Sect had as many techniques as there were stars." His words left Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi in awe.

Immediately after, Li Fan suddenly asked: "Judging from your words, it seems that the Tai Yan Sect has not been active for a long time in the main world?"

Dao Xuanzi shook his head, "Not only the Tai Yan Sect, but even the Tai Shang Sect, Da Dao Sect, the Heavenly Sword Sect, and all the rest of these ancient sects are nowhere to be found today."

Li Fan smiled and said to himself, "The path of immortality is truly difficult. As my ancestor said, the sects have chosen to hide from the world to avoid calamity..."

Dao Xuanzi and Kou Hong glanced at each other and privately transmitted their voices, "I had my doubts about the extinction of the ancient sects previously. On further thought, it is increasingly suspicious. With how deep the foundations of the ancient sects were, how could they disappear in a matter of moments?"

"It's no wonder that they would choose to stay hidden. If the news that these sects still existed were to spread out, even if they were strong, I'm afraid that numerous challengers would arrive."

...

The two of them exchanged several sentences in a matter of moments, and then Dao Xuan Zi questioned, "I wonder what you stopped the two of us for?"

Li Fan sighed, "This place hasn't had any cultivators set foot in it for thousands of years. When I saw you two today, I knew that you were the people my ancestor predicted before he died and that the opportunity for my clan to escape had come. When I saw you were going to fight to the death over a Golden Core technique, I hastened to speak out to dissuade you."

Dao Xuanzi said frankly, "I apologize for the misunderstanding. However, you may not know that cultivation techniques are hard to come by in the outside world, and it is common to fight over one."

Li Fan shook his head repeatedly, "Is it really worth it to fight to the death over such matters!"

Dao Xuanzi asked tentatively, "Listening to your words, it seems that..."

"Exactly. My ancestor passed down a technique before his death which directly leads to the Golden Core realm." Li Fan proudly said.

Dao Xuanzi took a deep breath, "I wonder what you are asking for?"

Kou Hong was even more delighted, "Great. If you, Dao Xuanzi, can obtain this technique, we brothers will not need to fight anymore."

"My ancestor's lifelong wish was to be able to return to the world of cultivation and reunite with the Tai Yan Sect. Before he died, in addition to this Golden Core technique, he also passed down an artifact called the Tai Yan Boat. Although it has been damaged, the ancestor had used the art of Tai Yan to calculate that after a number of years, there would be two cultivators that would come to this place: one skilled in swordsmanship, and one skilled in refining. They would help future descendants repair the Tai Yan Boat and escape from this place." Li Fan sipped his wine and said slowly.

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi were both astonished.

"My brother, Kou Hong, is intoxicated with the way of refining, while my specialty is precisely swordplay. This art of Tai Yan is truly incredible!" Dao Xuanzi was shocked beyond words, and it took a long time before he came back to his senses.

"To have such inexplicable might with only a Qi Refining stage cultivation is unimaginable..." Kou Hong was also stunned.

Li Fan smiled, and after a moment, he added, "Words alone are not enough. I would like to invite Dao Xuanzi to take a look at my ancestor's cultivation technique."

Dao Xuanzi was pleased and he got up to follow. Seeing that Kou Hong also wanted to follow over, he immediately became a bit wary: "Brother, you have already obtained a Golden Core technique, so why would you be interested in another?"

Kou Hong awkwardly responded, "Alright, I won't go over."

Dao Xuanzi snorted coldly and caught up with Li Fan.

Seeing that Kou Hong did not follow him as expected, Li Fan finally sighed in relief, knowing that this lifetime's plot was already half successful.

He led Dao Xuanzi down to the underground secret room of the Imperial Advisor's Mansion.

Dao Xuan Zi was about to enter the secret room when he suddenly felt a bone-chilling sensation, causing him to halt.

After carefully scanning the surroundings with divine sense, he said in shock: "Immortal-Mortal Miasma!"

Along every side of the chamber ran mechanisms filled with Immortal-Mortal Miasma. Its thick presence made Dao Xuanzi's heart tremble with fear.

Li Fan laughed, "One must always be cautious. For mortals like us, we can only act in such a way in order to guard the family's greatest treasure."

Dao Xuanzi managed a strained smile but refused to take a step forward. Instead, he retreated a half step.

Li Fan did not say anything and walked into the secret room. From a box, he took out a jade slip.

He didn't leave the secret room and only held it up so that Dao Xuanzi could see it.

This jade slip was none other than the Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra that he had obtained from Kou Hong in his previous life!

That's right, Li Fan was gambling.

According to Kou Hong's description in his previous life, Dao Xuanzi had never seen the true form of this technique.

Li Fan used it as bait, hoping that both Dao Xuanzi and Kou Hong would help him repair the Tai Yan Boat. And if his gamble was incorrect...

Several suicide soldiers had long been arranged within the Imperial Advisor's Mansion. Even if they were defeated, Li Fan just had to change his approach in the next life!

Li Fan smiled in his heart when he realized that Dao Xuanzi had been completely captivated by the golden jade slip in his hand.

"The Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra... a Nascent Soul technique... it's actually a Nascent Soul technique..." Dao Xuanzi's breathing became heavy, and a dangerous look even flashed in his eyes.

However, Li Fan's smiling appearance and the faint sense of crisis coming from the Immortal-Mortal Miasma made Dao Xuanzi instantly sober up.

"Well? Is what my ancestor said true?" Li Fan asked with a smile. "Earlier, in front of your brother Kou Hong, I only said that my ancestor had passed down a Golden Core technique to prevent any malicious intentions."

"Your cautiousness is admirable." Dao Xuanzi looked deeply impressed.

He then added in excitement, "Don't worry, fellow Daoist, Kou Hong is proficient in the art of refining. I will definitely persuade him to do his best to help you repair the Tai Yan Boat."

Li Fan laughed, "In that case, I will count on you. After this is accomplished, I will definitely hand over this technique to you."

With the prospect of longevity in sight, Dao Xuanzi couldn't wait to enlist Kou Hong and start working right away.

Watching reluctantly as Li Fan stored the Nascent Soul technique and closed the secret room, Dao Xuanzi couldn't wait to find Kou Hong immediately.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 17: Everything Is Ready


"In that case, Li Fan's words are true, and he really does have a Golden Core technique?"

In the Imperial Advisor's Mansion, Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi transmitted their voices to each other.

"That's right, I saw it with my own eyes." Dao Xuanzi nodded.

"Can we take it by force? He's only a mortal...," Kou Hong's face turned ferocious.

Dao Xuanzi hastened to dissuade him, "Although this Li Fan is only a mortal, he belongs to the Tai Yan Sect. You have also seen that terrifying prophecy technique he used before. If we forcefully rob him, we can't guarantee that he will have any more tricks up his sleeve."

"We're just helping him repair a Tai Yan Boat, it's not like it's a difficult task. Why bother with any more complications?" Of course, Dao Xuanzi was mainly afraid that if they robbed Li Fan by force, Li Fan would be forced to reveal that the cultivation technique was actually a Nascent Soul technique.

Only after Dao Xuanzi's discouragement did Kou Hong extinguish the idea of theft.

The two of them secretly discussed the distribution of benefits for a while before finally agreeing to help repair the Tai Yan Boat.

On the second day, the two of them saw the Tai Yan Boat that Li Fan was talking about.

Kou Hong was delighted at the sight of it and hurriedly took it over for a closer look.

"A true Tai Yan Sect artifact. The skillful craftsmanship and the intricate formations are far beyond what I have learned!" The more Kou Hong looked at it, the more he rejoiced, "If I can restore it, my path of artifact refinement will surely improve!"

"In that case, I'll leave you two to it. Feel free to mention whatever needs you have, and I will definitely fulfill them." Li Fan said solemnly.

"You may go; don't disturb me." Kou Hong waved his hand, already immersed in studying the Tai Yan Boat.

...

Time was of little consequence to cultivators.

Despite its seemingly small size, it took Kou Hong nearly a year to repair the Tai Yan Boat.

On this day, after hearing that the Tai Yan Boat had been repaired, Li Fan hurriedly found the two of them.

After taking the Tai Yan Boat from Kou Hong, he was overjoyed.

Kou Hong said with some pride, "The core power array, size-shifting array, and purification array of the Tai Yan Boat have been completely repaired, and only the defense and attack arrays had to be simplistically repaired due to material limitations. It'll have no issues breaking through Immortal Extinction Formation, but it'd be difficult to defend against an attack from cultivators."

Li Fan did not care about this, "No matter. As long as we escape the Immortal Extinction Formation and return to the cultivation world, my ancestor's token will guide us to the Tai Yan Sect."

Kou Hong's eyes flickered for a moment before he enthusiastically introduced Li Fan to the operation methods of the Tai Yan Boat.

"This Tai Yan Boat is powered by spiritual qi and needs to be maneuvered with divine sense. There are three sizes which can be changed on demand."

"The smallest is only ten meters long and two or three meters wide and can carry about ten people. The medium size is a hundred meters long and can carry hundreds of people. And when it is brought to its maximum, it is a thousand meters long and can carry tens of thousands of people! The two of us don't have many spirit stone reserves, but the ones I've inserted as fuel will be enough for you to leave here in the second form."

"However, piloting the Tai Yan Boat requires a minimum of Foundation Establishment divine sense. Do you need us to do it for you?"

Before Kou Hong could finish his sentence, he saw the Tai Yan Boat slowly growing larger under Li Fan's control, turning from a tiny toy into a real boat.

Li Fan couldn't wait to step inside the Tai Yan Boat.

The ten-meter form of the Tai Yan Boat was very simple with only one layer. The front deck was nearly two meters long, and behind it was the control cabin and living cabin.

Li Fan stood inside the control cabin, his divine sense connected to the Tai Yan Boat. Soon, he felt an intuitive sense of how to control the ship.

Under his maneuvering, the Tai Yan Boat rose steadily into the air and floated in mid-air.

Li Fan then flew the Tai Yan Boat up and down, left and right around for a while before suppressing the excitement in his heart and returning to the ground again.

"Fellow Daoist really has extraordinary means. Even though he is a mortal, he is able to maneuver the Tai Yan Boat!" Kou Hong praised.

"They're just some minor tricks not worth mentioning!" Li Fan smiled faintly, "I would also like to thank you two fellow Daoists! After being trapped for thousands of years, it's all thanks to the two of you that we can hopefully escape now!"

Li Fan's words were said with sincerity.

Although Kou Hong was curious about how Li Fan could maneuver the Tai Yan Boat without divine sense, he saw that Li Fan avoided talking about it, so he could only let it go.

On the contrary, Dao Xuanzi was already a little impatient, "Now that the Tai Yan boat has been repaired, I wonder..."

Li Fan laughed out loud, "It has long been prepared. Follow me."

Dao Xuanzi was energized by Li Fan's words and hurriedly followed.

The two of them had already agreed that Kou Hong would not follow them and instead wait in place.

A few moments later, Dao Xuanzi came back with a smile on his face, clearly having obtained the technique.

Li Fan, Dao Xuanzi, and Kou Hong were all very satisfied with the transaction.

In order to express his gratitude to the two of them, Li Fan held a large banquet for them.

The wine and food flowed ceaselessly, and the singing and dancing continued for three days.

Three days later, Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi bid farewell to Li Fan.

"Fellow Daoist, we don't have many spirit stones left. If we stay in this Immortal Extinction Land any longer, we risk losing our cultivation. That's why I've come to bid you farewell today." Dao Xuanzi said to Li Fan.

Li Fan was a bit regretful, "There are still a number of matters that my clan has settled yet, so I cannot leave with fellow Daoists!"

Kou Hong, on the other hand, said enthusiastically, "There is no harm. If you, fellow Daoist, escape, you can come to Ling Tian City in the Cong Yun Mountain Range to look for us."

With that, Kou Hong handed over a map to Li Fan.

"This is a map of the area near the exit of the Immortal Extinction Formation that I drew from memory at the request of fellow Daoist. There are no blank jade slips here, so I had to use pen and paper."

Li Fan gratefully received the map and thanked him again.

After that, the three of them exchanged pleasantries, and Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi finally turned into two streams of light and left.

After dismissing the crowd, Li Fan came to the underground chamber alone.

Placing the map and the Tai Yan Boat together, Li Fan's heart was suddenly flooded with innumerable emotions.

Six lifetimes of reincarnation, more than three hundred years of painstaking planning, had finally come to fruition at this moment.

These two items were the key to escaping this Immortal Extinction Land and journeying towards immortality!

......

Ruins Abyss.

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi stood in the air, looking back in the direction of Xuanjing City.

"Previously, when I broke into this Immortal Extinction Land, I thought that even if I didn't die on this trip, I would be seriously injured. I didn't expect to encounter this opportunity hidden by misfortune." Dao Xuanzi said quietly as he sensed the Nascent Soul technique in his storage ring.

Kou Hong also nodded his head in agreement and then expressed some regret, "That Li Fan's heart is not bad, he has strong willpower. It's a pity that the end of his lifespan is near, and even if he can return to the cultivation realm, he will only have a few years left to live."

"Immortality is an unmatched goal. Weren't you and I fighting against each other precisely over the hope for immortality?" Dao Xuanzi said indifferently.

"Speaking of which, what exactly is the Golden Core technique that Li Fan handed over to you?" Kou Hong was suddenly a little curious.

Dao Xuanzi didn't answer. Instead, he smiled and said, "It can't be the same technique as the one in your hands, right? Don't worry, after I go back to my seclusion and break through to the Golden Core stage, I will definitely not forget the three things I promised to help you with."

Kou Hong then also stopped asking more questions, and was a bit excited, "After I break through as well, with the two of us brothers together, who in the Cong Yun Mountain Range will be our opponent?"

"The formation mist has yet to dissipate, but I wonder if brother would still dare to break through?" Dao Xuanzi watched the fog above the Ruins Abyss before suddenly flying into it.

Obviously, he couldn't wait to return to the cultivation realm and cultivate the new technique.

"Why wouldn't I dare?" Kou Hong let out a loud laugh, then also followed suit and dove in headfirst.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 18: Diving Into the Abyss


Li Fan didn't care about how Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi would react when they returned to the cultivation world and realized that they were actually practicing the same technique.

At this moment, he had already taken care of everything in the mortal realm and had piloted the Tai Yan Boat to the Ruins Abyss.

According to common sense, one should wait until the white mist dispersal day every fifteen years before exploring the Ruins Abyss.

However, Li Fan was already 71 years old, and he would have to wait another 14 years until the next clearing of the white mist.

By that time, he would be 85 years old and would be at the end of his life. It would be hard for him to even walk at that point, not to mention piloting the Tai Yan Boat.

It would therefore be better to explore the Immortal Extinction Formation earlier.

Anyway, there was nothing left for him in this life, and he could start the next life at any time.

Maneuvering the Tai Yan Boat, Li Fan slowly descended towards the bottom of the Ruins Abyss.

Without any divine sense to probe the path ahead, he could only use his sight to navigate.

The thick fog shrouded everything, creating an extremely surreal sensation.

The surroundings were also extremely silent, and only the sound of his own breathing could be heard.

With his attention highly focused, he continued to fly downwards.

Suddenly, as if he had collided with something, the body of the Tai Yan Boat began to shake violently.

Li Fan instantly tensed up.

It was as if a huge invisible force was pressing down against him, and a metallic grinding sound came from outside the Tai Yan Boat.

Fortunately, the defense formation was activated in time, and a faint golden curtain of light enveloped the Tai Yan Boat.

The body of the boat gradually became smooth, and that somewhat creepy noise also disappeared.

However, the constantly distorting protective light screen indicated the horrifying pressure coming from the outside world.

"After the Astral Wind Layer would be the Illusory Light Layer." Li Fan recalled Kou Hong's introduction to this Immortal Extinction Formation.

The Immortal Extinction Formation was mainly designed to prevent banished mortals from returning to the cultivation realm.

The Astral Wind Layer was strewn with strong winds.

The wind blades could easily tear apart a mortal's body, and even Foundation Stage cultivators had to protect themselves with their spiritual energy and deal with it carefully.

Below the Astral Wind Layer was the Illusory Light Layer.

Iridescent lights flowed like satin at this layer of the abyss.

When mortals saw it, they would fall into endless illusions.

Under the Illusory Light Layer was the Inversion Layer.

Upon entering this layer, one would feel that the heavens and earth would reverse, leaving them unable to distinguish between up and down or left and right.

In addition, the surrounding area was shrouded by fog. Mortals with no divine sense to recognize the direction would certainly get lost.

After the Inversion Layer was the Flowing Fire Layer.

Tens of thousands of flying stars and streams of fire flew at high speeds in this layer of space without any regularity, smashing everything in front of them to smithereens.

There was also the thick white fog as cover, making it difficult to predict attacks.

Below the Flowing Fire Layer was the Arcane Ice Layer.

Starting from this layer, the fog gradually thinned out.

There was nothing in the Arcane Ice Layer besides an extremely low temperature.

If there was no means of protection, one would be frozen into ice as soon as they entered.

Below the Arcane Ice Layer was the Thunderstorm Layer.

Ten thousand thunderbolts emanating a destructive aura roared momentarily in this layer of the abyss.

Finally, there was an empty space that was several times more expansive than the previous six layers combined.

According to Kou Hong, there was no danger in this layer, and it was just an eerie pitch-black area.

After passing through the final layer, one would be able to leave the Immortal Extinction Formation and enter the cultivation world.

Li Fan carefully controlled the Tai Yan Boat and spent half an hour before finally crossing the Astral Wind Layer.

As soon as he entered the Illusory Light Layer, Li Fan was caught in a heavy illusion by the illumination of the flowing lights that overwhelmed his eyes.

In the illusion, he had successfully escaped the Immortal Extinction Formation, and after arriving at the cultivation world, he coincidentally obtained a rare cultivation technique in a fortuitous encounter. In only a hundred years, he was able to cultivate into the Golden Core realm.

After that, his cultivation journey was smooth. After a thousand years, he was able to achieve the realm of Dao Ascension.

In the world of cultivation, Li Fan started as the lowest-ranking Immortal Official and eventually became an Immortal Emperor who dominated the immortal world.

Afterwards, Li Fan broke through the spatial barrier of the Immortal Realm and ascended to the Divine Realm.

He started out as a miner in the Divine Realm, and after ten thousand years, Li Fan became a God King, becoming the most powerful existence in the Divine Realm.

After that, Li Fan cultivated for thousands of years and ascended to the Supreme God Realm, becoming a low-level gatekeeper.

And again, he painstakingly started from scratch.

Such was the nested reality that Li Fan experienced countless times...

Finally, the illusion collapsed.

Li Fan came to his senses, and all of his previous experiences quickly faded from his mind like an ebbing tide, leaving only some shallow traces.

A little speechless about his previous encounters in the illusion realm, Li Fan stabilized his mind and continued on.

His brain suddenly felt dizzy, and Li Fan knew that he had come to the Inversion Layer at that moment.

Surrounded by endless white mist, the Tai Yan Boat was like a drop of water in the ocean, with no way to distinguish directions.

Originally, he thought that his journey of exploring the formation in this lifetime would end here, but Li Fan was pleasantly surprised to find that a guidance system appeared in the Tai Yan Boat, telling him where to go.

Li Fan followed the guidance of the Tai Yan Boat, and it didn't take long for him to leave the Inversion Layer.

Next, having tasted the ease of the guidance system, Li Fan did not deliberately maneuver at all, and only provided the power for the Tai Yan Boat to fly through this Immortal Extinction Formation on its own.

Flowing Fire, Arcane Ice, Thunderstorm Layer...

These places seemed vicious and dangerous, but the Tai Yan Boat's unhurried flight always managed to narrowly avoid one destructive crisis after another.

With little danger along the way, Li Fan arrived at the last layer, the void of darkness, very smoothly.

"Of course, this Tai Yan Boat was specialized in migrating mortals a thousand years ago. The Great Migration Era lasted for hundreds of years, and this flying boat surely wouldn't have made only one trip. Judging from how broken it is, perhaps the migration work didn't stop for a hundred years. It must be that the cultivator in charge of this matter felt that it was a laborious thing to personally maneuver every time, so he left an automation system inside this Tai Yan boat, allowing it to automatically pass through the Immortal Extinction Array... "Li Fan suddenly realized why his trip had gone so smoothly.

The Tai Yan boat quietly moved forward through the total darkness.

Thinking of the cultivation world that he had been looking forward to for hundreds of years, Li Fan couldn't help but be excited, despite his usually composed demeanor.

Suddenly, in the incomparably silent darkness, an inexplicably strange and distant cry rang out.

This odd sound spread throughout the entire layer of darkness in an instant, echoing continuously through it.

Li Fan's heartbeat instantly stopped, as if he had encountered a formidable enemy, and the blood in his body instantly became ice-cold.

The eerie cries were getting closer and closer, and in the blink of an eye, they surrounded the tiny Tai Yan Boat, coming from all directions.

Suddenly, the sounds disappeared.

It became silent again.

The surroundings were still pitch black, but the darkness was different from before.

Li Fan felt a chill run down his spine.

He knew that the Tai Yan Boat had been swallowed by some kind of existence.

"Boom!"

The Tai Yan Boat's protective light shield shattered in an instant, and the Tai Yan Boat's body began to disintegrate.

The charging progress began to plummet in this instant.

Looking deeply into the darkness of the outside world one last time, Li Fan silently chanted.

"[Truth]!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 19: The Abyss Wants to Devour


【End of simulation】

...

Li Fan regained consciousness.

He stared intently at the scene of the Tai Yan Boat shattering on the screen, a thick fear lingering in his heart, refusing to dissipate.

"What exactly was that?" Li Fan was puzzled.

When Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi traversed the Immortal Extinction Formation earlier, they did not encounter this entity in the dark layer. Why was his experience different?

Could it be that his luck was simply bad?

Li Fan didn't think so.

The dark layer of this Immortal Extinction Formation was vast. The small Tai Yan Boat was like a drop in the ocean within it.

Yet this unknown entity found him with such precision...

"Most likely, it's a method targeting mortals."

"It seems safer to wait until the mist clears and light shines at the bottom of the Abyss before exploring."

"Although the last attempt failed, the gains from the previous life were indeed beyond expectations..."

Li Fan pondered to himself, then decided to preserve the "Tai Yan Boat".

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Mortal

Physiological Age: 20/86

Mental Age: 333/1113↑

Progress in Qi Condensation: 0%

Progress in Anchoring Qi: 1%

Current Anchor Points: 1

Bound Items: "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra", Tai Yan Boat

...

Looking at the increasingly limited upper limit of his mental age, Li Fan also felt a sense of pressure.

Fortunately, the realm of cultivation was within reach. As long as he left this place, the sky was the limit!

In this anticipation, Li Fan's seventh life began.

Before [Truth] had recharged, Li Fan was determined not to take any risky actions.

So, he still planned to live through the first twenty years according to the script he had experienced several times.

In the 3rd year, Li Fan returned to Wen County, Jiangnan.

In the 4th year, he secretly arrived at Qian Hong's tomb with his trusted subordinates.

This time, he slowly eroded the tomb using mists filled with Immortal Mortal Plague, gradually weakening the Stone Tablet of Prohibition until it was too weak to penetrate steel armor.

Li Fan, wearing armor, entered the tomb and placed his hand on the stone tablet.

"Detected chargeable item: Stone Tablet of Prohibition (Damaged)."

"Consume to recharge?"

The prompt from [Truth] popped up as expected.

"Unfortunately, it's a bit damaged." Li Fan sighed, choosing yes.

The Stone Tablet of Prohibition gradually turned into nothingness and disappeared.

And after absorbing the halting script, the progress of anchor creation in [Truth] directly increased by 25%.

"Just three more times, and I can unlock the second anchor point?" Li Fan rejoiced, but also had a vague feeling it wouldn't be so simple.

"Speculating too much is useless; I'll know in the next life."

The other things in Qian Hong's tomb were of no value to Li Fan now. After instructing someone to seal the tomb again, Li Fan left.

After 5 years, Li Fan finally couldn't hold back and went to the Ruins Abyss.

"Let's just take a look, and not go down." Li Fan told himself.

Gazing at the endless sea of mist, his vision seemed to penetrate the infinite space barriers, reaching the bottom of the Ruins Abyss.

Standing for a long time, as the strong wind howled, the dense fog gradually dispersed. The once treacherous Immortal Extinction Formation now seemed less threatening.

"At this moment, if I were to pilot the Tai Yan Boat, I could smoothly reach the realm of cultivation, right?" A thought suddenly popped into Li Fan's mind and could no longer be restrained. It rapidly expanded, swiftly occupying all of Li Fan's attention.

"Yes, I've waited for so long; do I have to wait another fifteen years?"

"What does it matter if [Truth] hasn't completed its charge? Hesitating like this, how can I achieve the great Dao?"

"In the last life, I tried it once. As long as I carefully avoid that unknown creature in the dark layer, I can leave this accursed place!"

...

Voices chimed in Li Fan's ears incessantly, and his eyes gradually lost focus, becoming bloodshot, seemingly ensnared by these voices.

Li Fan continued to move forward step by step, getting closer to the Ruins Abyss.

Just as Li Fan was about to be drawn by the Ruins Abyss and crushed to pieces.

At the bottom of the Ruins Abyss, a burst of light suddenly erupted, breaking through the Immortal Extinction Formation and reflecting into Li Fan's eyes.

The red, frenzied state was temporarily suppressed. The words "The Immortal Dao is Dead" suddenly appeared in Li Fan's vision.

"Boom!"

All those fanatical thoughts in his mind, the desperate desire to pursue the path of cultivation, and even the impulse to leap forward, all dissipated in an instant.

"What's going on?" A now clear-headed Li Fan was startled.

In his eyes, the calm Abyss suddenly turned into a lurking beast, its huge mouth open, ready to devour him.

Li Fan turned around immediately and fled without looking back.

After a long while, the dense fog recondensed.

At the bottom of the Abyss, a faint, angry roar could be heard.

...

Fifteen years later, in the twentieth year.

[Truth] finally completed its charge.

With newfound confidence, Li Fan returned to the Ruins Abyss.

Recalling the scene from years ago, even though much time had passed, Li Fan still felt a lingering fear.

"It seems my guess was correct. That creature in the dark layer truly harbors great malice towards mortals. Perhaps its mission is to devour any mortals approaching this place."

Although it was dangerous, Li Fan was not one to give up on the path to immortality.

Without hesitation, Li Fan piloted the Tai Yan Boat and smoothly arrived at the Thunderstorm Layer.

He didn't descend further; instead, he stopped just above the dark layer, patiently waiting.

"Woo..."

The strong winds began to blow.

The raging thunderstorms, affected by this unknown strong wind, began to subside and gradually weaken.

They slowly faded away into speckles of light.

Li Fan didn't look at this wonder; instead, he sought to find the lurking monster in the darkness while making use of this precious and brief light.

Unfortunately, he found nothing!

Seeing the light about to fade, Li Fan gritted his teeth, no longer hesitating. He drove the Tai Yan Boat at full throttle and rushed towards the bottom of the Ruins Abyss.

The strange cry sounded again, and in an instant, it was right beside him.

At this moment, Li Fan completely changed the direction of the Tai Yan Boat's charge.

After drawing a beautiful curve, the Tai Yan Boat, which was originally charging straight down, now moved at a speed several times faster, continuously flying upwards!

Upwards, and upwards!

The Tai Yan Boat was at full power, and amidst a roar of fury, it soared back into the Thunderstorm Layer!

Utilizing the last wisp of disappearing light, Li Fan, now positioned high above, finally saw the true appearance of the creature lurking in the darkness.

It was an enormous whale beyond description in words. Even from this far away, Li Fan couldn't fully see its whole form.

Even just its open huge mouth filled Li Fan's entire field of vision.

The whale, frustrated at its prey returning to the Thunderstorm Layer, roared angrily but could only return to the darkness layer.

After a few roars to vent its dissatisfaction, it reluctantly closed its mouth and disappeared into the darkness.

*****

TL Note: trying out a new engine for the next few chapters, let me know what you guys think. Notice any difference? Better? Worse?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 20: Unintentional Success


Li Fan piloted the Tai Yan Boat and returned to the top of the Ruins Abyss.

"What on earth is that...," Li Fan's face turned somewhat dark.

Although he had used some tricks to see the true form of the creature, he had no idea how to escape its sight and successfully traverse the dark layer.

"That whale is so huge, and the Tai Yan Boat is so small. Every time I pass by, it always manages to find me like a cat finding a mouse..." Thinking about this, Li Fan was a bit frustrated.

"I can only try other methods. Fortunately, I still have plenty of attempts left." Li Fan sighed in resignation.

...

Fifteen years later, in the thirty-fifth year.

Li Fan had infiltrated the Thunderstorm Layer.

During these fifteen years, he had attempted to forcefully break through the dark layer several times.

However, in these attempts, the whale found him significantly quicker. Considering the Tai Yan Boat's flight speed, he was unable to escape. He could only return in a sorry state after struggling to evade the whale each time.

"On the day the white mist disperses, the whale seems to be delayed by something and takes a while to notice me. With this extra bit of time, perhaps I can fly to the bottom of the Ruins Abyss."

This time, Li Fan decided to take a gamble, speeding through the dark layer before the whale could react.

The strong wind picked up.

The Tai Yan Boat was at full throttle, bursting at an astonishing speed.

The illusory scenery grew closer and closer. He was about to arrive, but the terrifying roar of the whale resounded once again.

And it was approaching swiftly.

"Only about a quarter of the distance left, not enough time." Li Fan made a judgment.

He squinted, and a fierce determination was ignited within him.

He decided not to fly to the bottom of the Ruins Abyss this time. Instead, he turned around and charged fiercely toward the direction from where the whale's roar came.

Unfortunately, being fierce didn't help.

Without a collision, Li Fan only felt darkness all around, knowing he had been swallowed by the whale again.

"Not again!"

Li Fan roared angrily.

...

[End of simulation]

Li Fan sighed in frustration.

Taking a long time to calm his emotions, this time Li Fan chose to accelerate the charging progress.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Mortal

Physical age: 20/86 Mental age: 368/1116 Mental age had reached its limit and would not increase further.

"Fortunately, I still have 748 years to spare." Li Fan could only console himself this way.

The eighth life.

After four years.

Li Fan once again opened Qian Hong's tomb in this life.

"Detected chargeable item: Stone Tablet of Prohibition (Damaged)."

"Consume to recharge?"

Seeing [Truth]'s prompt, Li Fan's mood finally improved a bit.

At this moment, the charging progress for the anchored charge had reached 51%.

"At least I haven't come to this life in vain..." Li Fan said somewhat self-deprecatingly.

In the fifth year, the white mist dispersed. The charging progress for the virtual absorption was approaching 90%. However, if it wasn't 100%, it didn't make much difference for Li Fan. He could only choose to wait patiently.

In the twentieth year, Li Fan tried and failed.

In the thirty-fifth year, Li Fan tried again, but still failed.

However, these attempts were not completely in vain. At the very least, he became more proficient in controlling the Tai Yan Boat and began enduring longer under the whale's pursuit.

In the fiftieth year, Li Fan didn't choose to forcefully break through the dark layer again.

He had grown old, and his reactions and spirit had significantly declined. It was impossible for him to succeed.

So he chose to meet two old friends and see if he could get any clues from them.

On Li Fan's seventieth birthday, Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi arrived on time.

"Dao Xuanzi, do not overstep your bounds!"

...

Li Fan listened and suddenly felt a bit nostalgic.

Using the lure of a Golden Core technique, he brought the two to the Imperial Advisor's Mansion. After three rounds of drinks, Li Fan brought out a scroll.

The painting seemed to have some age, describing a terrifying and huge whale hidden behind the darkness, only revealing its fierce mouth, ready to devour people.

"Have you two seen such a monster? Our ancestors said before his death that if we have a chance to escape this perilous place in the future, we need not worry about the rest. With our sect's Tai Yan Boat guarding us, we'll be safe. Only in the last layer, there is a lurking whale. We should be cautious." Li Fan asked.

"Such a fierce beast in that pitch-black vast space?" Kou Hong looked at the painting and frowned slightly, showing disbelief. "Why haven't I seen it?"

"Could it be..." Dao Xuanzi seemed to remember something.

"Oh? Fellow Daoist friend seems to know about this beast?" Li Fan asked expectantly.

Dao Xuanzi shook his head: "I've only read some related records in an ancient book. It is said that in ancient times, there was a sect called the Beast Control Sect. The Beast Control Sect didn't have any profound techniques, but with a skill called Beast Control Art, they could control the beasts in the world to fight for them. When the Beast Control Sect was at its peak, it was said to rival the top sects like the Tai Shang and Da Dao sects."

"Unfortunately, during the calamity of heaven and earth, the Beast Control Sect, which only cultivated one technique, perished the quickest."

"Among the most famous beasts controlled by the Beast Control Sect, it seems there was this kind of whale."

"You mentioning it reminds me. It seems to be called the Void Ripper Whale?" Kou Hong snapped his fingers and quickly said.

Li Fan's mind stirred, and he hurriedly asked, "Do you two know how to avoid this Void Ripper Whale?"

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi smiled somewhat awkwardly: "We've only heard a few fragmentary descriptions. As for such a beast, it has disappeared from the cultivation world for thousands of years. How could we know its habits?"

Li Fan couldn't help but feel disappointed.

In the end, he would have to rely on himself, wouldn't he?

Handing the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" to Dao Xuanzi, after sending the two away, Li Fan chose to end this life.

...

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Mortal

Physical age: 20/86 Mental age: 418/1116

Ninth life!

In this life, Li Fan once again opened Qian Hong's tomb, wanting to absorb the Stone Tablet of Prohibition for charging.

Unfortunately, [Truth] didn't react at all.

Although he felt disappointed, Li Fan was already mentally prepared.

Thus, the charging progress for [Truth]'s anchored charge remained at 51%.

In the twentieth, thirty-fifth, and fiftieth years, Li Fan tried various methods but couldn't rush through the dark layer under the whale's watchful eyes.

In the sixty-fifth year, Li Fan was already eighty-five years old, nearing the end of his life.

This time, he didn't choose to end early because he didn't know how many attempts he would need to break through this obstacle.

Having one more try was always better.

Unfortunately, he was already too old this time, and his thinking had become slow, and his reactions sluggish.

Unable to match wits with the whale anymore, Li Fan didn't force it. He completely gave up controlling the Tai Yan Boat and let it sway towards the bottom of the Ruins Abyss from the beginning.

The Nebula Layer, Illusion Layer, Inversion Layer, Flowing Fire Layer, Arcane Ice Layer, Thunderstorm Layer, Dark Layer...

Li Fan fell asleep in a daze. When he woke up, he was shocked to find that the Tai Yan Boat was almost reaching the bottom of the Abyss!

"What's going on? Why didn't the Void Ripper Whale appear this time?" Li Fan was completely baffled, but it didn't stop him from accelerating and speeding towards the faint lights appearing below.

But as Li Fan accelerated, the roar of the whale suddenly appeared!

"Why did it suddenly notice me again at this moment?" Li Fan frowned deeply.

Then, as if a lightning bolt illuminated the night sky, Li Fan suddenly understood.

"So that's why! The Void Ripper Whale tracks me based on my acceleration! As long as I maintain a constant speed, I can safely pass through this Immortal Extinction Formation! "

Realizing this crucial point, Li Fan couldn't help but laugh heartily.

At this point, the last shackle to leave this Immortal Extinction Formation was completely unlocked!

Amidst Li Fan's laughter and the whale's roar, the Tai Yan Boat broke through the crack between the two realms and was about to return to the cultivation world.

The surroundings became blurry as if crossing the distance of several worlds in an instant, suffering from tremendous pressure, Li Fan suddenly groaned, blood flowing from his nose and eyes.

But he didn't care.

Looking back at the place he came from, because it was too far away and the perspective was infinitely high, Li Fan saw a scene that he would never forget in his lifetime:

Hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of Void Ripper Whales. They formed groups and ceaselessly opened up patches of pitch-black space in the void.

And the place where Li Fan came from, the Immortal Extinction Formation, was getting farther and farther away as he headed closer to the cultivation world.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 21: The Cultivation Realm


"This is the cultivation realm..."

After breaking through the Immortal Extinction Formation, the Tai Yan Boat appeared within a continuous mountain range.

Below was a deep abyss emitting a breath similar to the Ruins Abyss, seemingly bottomless.

The mountains rose and fell, shrouded in clouds and mist, presenting a magnificent sight.

On the tallest mountain range, a vast and enormous city stood towering.

Li Fan wanted to laugh heartily, but he couldn't help but cough, continuously spitting out blood.

He was already too old.

Originally, he was already at the edge of life and death, and the pressure brought about by traversing the Immortal Extinction Formation completely destroyed his vitality.

However, being able to glimpse the cultivation realm before dying, this life was not lived in vain!

"[Truth]!"

...

[The simulation ends.]

After the darkness, Li Fan's consciousness gradually recovered.

Recalling his efforts in his previous life, when he tried various methods to successfully pass the Immortal Extinction Formation, only to accidentally discover the way to break it.

Li Fan couldn't help but feel the unpredictability of life.

What he couldn't forget was the scene where he looked back at the group of Void Ripper Whales.

"How much did the cultivators of that era hate ordinary people? They not only banished them all and sealed them with the Immortal Extinction Formation but also arranged so many Void Ripper Whales..."

"No wonder the dark layer is so vast, larger than all the previous layers combined. It seems that over the thousands of years, it has been opened up by these Void Ripper Whales."

"The distance is getting farther and farther. In the future, the Land of Immortal Extinction might completely detach from the cultivation realm..."

Various thoughts surged in Li Fan's mind, but he suppressed them one by one.

Replacing them was an uncontrollable joy.

After nine reincarnations, nearly five hundred years, he finally touched the threshold of cultivation.

It could be foreseen that the road ahead will be even more difficult.

But Li Fan's desire for immortality remained unchanged, unwavering through countless lifetimes!

...

Back in the present, facing the choices after this simulation, Li Fan was unusually hesitant.

According to his previous plan, Li Fan intended to choose to accelerate the charging progress. The sooner he completed the charging of [Truth], the sooner he could go to the cultivation realm.

Yes, even though the path to the cultivation realm was now smooth and there were no dangers, Li Fan still decided to wait until he had a chance to start again before setting off.

After all...

The path of cultivation is difficult! And this cultivation realm doesn't seem too friendly to ordinary people.

Stability comes first, without a doubt!

However, after seeing the list of available items, Li Fan hesitated.

Because he saw the Stone Tablet of Prohibition among the selectable items.

After some contemplation, Li Fan decided to choose to keep the stone tablet.

He wanted to use this to verify a certain guess in his mind.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Mortal

Physical age: 20/86 Mental age: 483/1116 Charge progress for the Void Ripper Whale: 0%

2nd Anchor point charge progress: 51%

Current anchor points: 1 Bound items: "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra," Tai Yan Boat, Stone Tablet of Prohibition (damaged)...

Li Fan's tenth life began.

During the twenty years of waiting for the charging to be completed, Li Fan followed the established historical trajectory, doing only a few things that didn't affect the course of history, preparing for his journey to the cultivation realm.

After three years, Li Fan arrived outside Qian Hong's tomb.

After contemplating for a moment, he chose not to use the Immortal-Mortal Miasma to break the tomb but instead took out the Stone Tablet of Prohibition directly from [Truth].

The stone tablet he brought from the previous life underwent a strange change once it appeared in the world.

A soft white light enveloped the stone tablet, making it look somewhat illusory.

After a while, it started to dissipate like ice in the scorching sun.

Unsurprisingly to Li Fan, the power of the Stone Tablet of Prohibition within Qian Hong's tomb had just become much stronger!

"As I thought! Cultivation techniques cannot be practiced together, and the same goes for natural treasures of heaven and earth."

"There should never be two identical treasures in the world, but I used the power of [Truth] to create another identical one out of thin air. The result is that the two wonders spontaneously fused and eventually returned to one."

"As for which one disappears and which one remains..."

"Of course, the strong one will survive and the weak one will not!"

Li Fan then commanded his men to forcefully attack Qian Hong's tomb.

As expected, the strengthened Stone Tablet of Prohibition was remarkable. Even when using the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, it took considerable effort to reduce its power.

Wearing armor, Li Fan entered Qian Hong's tomb and looked at the Stone Tablet of Prohibition.

Its appearance had not changed much on the outside; it just seemed slightly less damaged.

[Truth] still couldn't absorb it, indicating that it was only a quantitative change and had not reached a qualitative one.

Li Fan squinted and ordered his men to move the stone tablet out of the tomb.

When the strengthened Stone Tablet of Prohibition was removed from the tomb, the destructive force surrounding it suddenly disappeared.

With this, Li Fan's experiment ended.

He stored this enhanced Stone Tablet of Prohibition in the Tai Yan Boat to be used as his asset for the journey to the cultivation realm in the future.

In the twentieth year, [Truth] was about to finish charging.

Li Fan mercilessly executed a group of corrupt officials and landlords, confiscating the wealth accumulated by their families for generations.

Because after going to the cultivation realm, he would still have to deal with mortals, so it was necessary to prepare wealth in advance.

In addition to money, food was essential.

However, food was the foundation of the country, and Li Fan was asking for too much at once.

Officials and even merchants in the capital heard about this and seized the opportunity to raise grain prices, attempting to make a fortune.

Li Fan didn't hesitate; during the morning court, he controlled the Tai Yan Boat at its largest size and hung it in the sky above the imperial palace.

The huge Tai Yan Boat floated over the capital like a dark cloud.

Countless citizens, upon seeing this, knelt down and kowtowed. The civil and military officials, witnessing such supernatural means from Li Fan, changed their expressions and showed enthusiasm, even actively helping Li Fan prepare food.

With the active assistance of the officials, combined with the elimination of a group of corrupt merchants, the Tai Yan Boat was finally filled to the brim.

With everything prepared for millennia, Li Fan had no more concerns in the mortal world.

He steered the Tai Yan Boat and once again arrived above the Ruins Abyss.

Freeing his mind and allowing the Tai Yan Boat to drift automatically at a constant speed.

Although it only took a few hours in total, to Li Fan, it felt longer than the hundreds of years he had experienced before.

After a long wait, Li Fan finally traversed the Immortal Extinction Formation and arrived in the cultivation realm!

Getting used to the tearing sensation brought by crossing two realms, Li Fan looked excitedly outside the Tai Yan Boat.

However, after seeing the surrounding scenery clearly, Li Fan became somewhat dumbfounded.

*****

TL Note: Thoughts on the new translation style?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 22: Fellow Escapees


TL Note: decided to stick with the new style, reception was mixed but I think most would prefer faster translation over better stylization.

*****

In contrast to the continuous mountain ranges seen in the previous life, Li Fan found himself currently situated over a vast, endless expanse of ocean.

"What's going on? Why is this place different from before?" Li Fan was somewhat stunned.

He took out a map he had drawn based on memory from his pocket and attempted to find the location of the ocean on it.

But after a thorough comparison, he couldn't find it at all.

"Never mind, I'll just take one step at a time." Not knowing where the mistake occurred, Li Fan put away the map and sighed. "Fortunately, I have the Tai Yan Boat for transportation. Otherwise, I might have been stranded here. I just don't know if I can find a place where people reside before the spirit stones in the Tai Yan Boat run out."

He wasn't one to blame himself. Li Fan quickly sprang into action.

Choosing a direction, he piloted the Tai Yan Boat while searching for traces of a city in the surroundings.

The ocean was truly boundless. Li Fan flew for seven days and nights, yet saw no signs of human activity.

Fortunately, the Tai Yan Boat was well-stocked with food, so he didn't have to worry about survival.

After more than ten days passed, the speed of the Tai Yan Boat began to slow down, indicating that its energy was nearly depleted.

At this desperate moment, Li Fan finally spotted a faint silhouette of a ship on the ocean's surface.

Li Fan was overjoyed and slowly lowered the Tai Yan Boat's altitude to approach.

However, as he got closer, he was rendered speechless.

It was indeed a ship, but it was a ship that was on the verge of sinking.

It seemed to have suffered some kind of attack, with a large hole in the hull, and two-thirds of it submerged in water.

Around the ship, dozens of people struggled in the water, who were obviously the ship's crew.

Most of them were not skilled swimmers and were barely clinging to pieces of wreckage, preventing themselves from sinking.

Li Fan was hesitant about releasing the Tai Yan Boat to save them, but then he heard one of the survivors, a man, struggling to shout, "Don't be afraid, I've sent a signal to the Immortal Master! He will come to rescue us soon! Everyone, hold on a little longer!"

Hearing this, Li Fan was moved.

He stored the Tai Yan Boat and jumped into the sea, quietly swimming towards these people.

Silently blending into the crowd, Li Fan pretended to be struggling for survival, gasping for breath and barely keeping himself afloat.

After a while, a streak of light flew over from a distance and stopped above the group.

"Immortal Master, save us!"

"Immortal Master, save us!"

...

The people saw hope and began calling for help.

"Noisy!"

The voice belonged to a man, but his attire and features were obscured as if by a veil, making it hard to discern.

With a disdainful snort, the man seemed to cast some spell, and Li Fan suddenly found himself unable to produce sound.

The crowd fell silent instantly.

The Immortal Master then flew to the side of the sinking ship and effortlessly lifted it from the water, repairing the gaping hole in the hull with a burst of light.

He then looked at the struggling people in the water and snorted, lightly waving his hand forward.

Li Fan and the others felt themselves lifted by an invisible force and flown towards the repaired ship.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

In an instant, the rescued people were thrown onto the ship like dumplings by the Immortal Master's rough handling.

Unable to speak, they could only emit muffled sounds.

But all of them had expressions of awe and joy for being saved, not daring to show the slightest complaint.

Once everyone was rescued, the Immortal Master flew above them. In a stern tone, he said, "Who sent the distress signal?"

The man who had comforted the others earlier immediately knelt down.

The Immortal Master waved his hand, removing the spell from the man.

While kowtowing, the man said, "This humble one is Su Changyu..."

The Immortal Master interrupted him directly, "You know the rules, right? After arriving, everything is unrelated to me. I have never seen you, nor do I know who you are. Understand?"

Su Changyu nodded repeatedly, "This humble one understands. When we came, our family elders had already instructed..."

He stopped speaking halfway, his voice silenced.

It turned out that the Immortal Master was satisfied and had silenced Su Changyu.

The Immortal Master paid no attention to these mortals and flew to the bow of the ship. He cast a spell, and the ship swiftly sailed in a certain direction.

Witnessing this scene, most of the people on board were filled with awe.

Some seemed to have not recovered from the previous disaster, sitting on the deck trembling, curling up as if silently weeping.

The ship fell into an eerie silence.

This lasted for most of the day until it was dark. Finally, in the distance, a faint shimmer of light became visible.

It was an island that appeared quite prosperous. Though it was still some distance away, faint sounds of human activity could be heard.

Docked at the island's pier were hundreds of large ships, a magnificent sight.

However, the ship Li Fan was on did not head towards the main dock but circled around the island, arriving at a less populated area at the back.

Quietly, the ship entered a natural cave.

After maneuvering through the narrow cave for a while, it finally came to a stop.

Once the ship was anchored, several robust men in black attire came up to assist.

However, they seemed to completely ignore the Immortal Master, merely using weapons to drive the people off the ship.

Not a word was spoken.

They escorted the people to a spacious hall. A black-clad man finally spoke.

"You will rest here tonight. Food has already been prepared in the hall, help yourselves. Tomorrow, someone will take you to arrange your identities. Also, no unnecessary noise." He glanced around threateningly before turning and leaving.

The hall fell into silence.

After a long while, the Immortal Master's silencing spell wore off. Subsequently, the people in the hall began to discuss in groups.

"This time, our luck was really bad. We were actually attacked by sea monsters. There were nearly a hundred of us when we set out, but now, less than half remain."

"What's the use of seeking the Dao and cultivating as immortals? Sigh, I don't know what my father was thinking, insisting on sending me to this vast world for cultivation. If you ask me, cultivating immortality isn't as enjoyable as listening to music."

"That's right. Back home, at least I was the son of the Southern King. I could enjoy all kinds of wealth and splendor. What's good about this place..."

He was interrupted halfway, only the sound of sobbing remained, as his quick-witted companion quickly covered his mouth.

At this point, Su Changyu, the man who had spoken earlier, said, "At this juncture, what's the point of saying these things? Didn't every family spend a great price to send you here? Instead of complaining, why not be patient and cultivate from now on? If you can truly become a cultivator, not only is there hope for a long life, but there's also a chance to return to our hometown and bring our family members out."

Hiding in the shadows, Li Fan listened to the people's conversation, and he vaguely understood their identities.

These people were probably like him, ordinary mortals banished to a Land of Immortal Extinction.

However, it seemed that in the places they were in, the existence of the cultivation realm was not a secret.

Moreover, they had even developed a mature "smuggling" route?

Li Fan stroked his chin and fell into thought.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 23: Registering on Liuli Island


While Li Fan was lost in thought, a slightly chubby young man approached him not far away.

The young man patted Li Fan's shoulder, somewhat familiar: "Brother, you seem unfamiliar. May I ask what position you hold in the Great Li? Or are you a wealthy merchant from another region?"

Li Fan swatted the young man's hand off his shoulder and looked at him coldly, saying nothing.

The chubby youth felt like he was being stared at by a venomous snake and shivered.

Though he felt a bit embarrassed for being scared by just a gaze, the chubby youth was quite perceptive. Li Fan seemed ordinary, but there was an aura of authority about him, and it was obvious he had been in a high position for many years.

He's no ordinary person! The chubby youth quickly reached this conclusion and wisely left.

Others saw this and understood that Li Fan wasn't very approachable. From then on, nobody tried to strike up a conversation with him.

In the flickering light, the voices of the crowd gradually faded and everyone fell asleep.

A quiet night passed.

On the second day, before dawn, everyone was awakened.

A middle-aged man with a long beard, dressed in a green robe and hands behind his back, walked up to the crowd.

"I will take you to register in a moment. After obtaining the registration, you will officially become a member of Liuli Island," the middle-aged man said coldly, surveying the surroundings.

Upon hearing the middle-aged man's words, the crowd showed excitement.

"Remember, don't speak what you shouldn't. Otherwise, I can't guarantee your safety," the man squinted his eyes, adding.

The crowd understood that what they were doing was clandestine, and they all nodded.

Then, following the middle-aged man's orders, Li Fan and the others changed into shabby clothes.

Later, they were taught a unified script.

"You are all residents of the western Great Gorge Island. Due to a natural disaster, the island was destroyed, so you fled here. If anyone asks, this is what you say."

Everyone agreed.

Afterwards, led by the middle-aged man and monitored by four or five black-clad men, they left the cave through a secret passage and arrived on the surface.

After traversing through the residential area of the city, circling around for an unknown duration, they finally arrived at a mansion.

Li Fan noticed that although their group of several dozen was not small, most of the island's residents only glanced at them casually and didn't pay much attention. It was clear that they were used to such occurrences.

They didn't enter through the mansion's main gate. After a servant entered to report, he quickly returned and led the group through a side door on the left to a hall.

The hall was quite spacious. Even before Li Fan and the others arrived, there were already two or three groups totaling over a hundred people gathered.

However, it didn't seem crowded.

The middle-aged man gestured for everyone to wait patiently.

Soon, it was Li Fan's group's turn.

"Steward Zhao!" the middle-aged man called out.

"Are these the disaster victims who have come to register?" Steward Zhao, who looked to be in his fifties or sixties, appeared somewhat aged. However, his eyes were exceptionally sharp. After sweeping his gaze across the crowd, he said with a half-smile, "Sun Zhang, these disaster victims seem to be of high status!"

Sun Zhang remained calm and sighed, "Yes, they were all from wealthy families on the Great Gorge Island. Unfortunately, without the protection of a cultivator, a natural disaster struck, and all their wealth and glory turned to nothing. Now they have come far and wide to seek refuge on our Liuli Island."

Having said that, Sun Zhang took something from his pocket and handed it to Steward Zhao without a word.

Steward Zhao glanced at it, accepted it, and sighed again, "The recent storm wreaked havoc, and even our Liuli Island was affected. The islands in the west suffered even more. It is said that over two hundred islands were razed to the ground, and countless mortal souls returned to the sea."

"Thanks to the compassion of the Immortal Master, we were able to rescue the victims. It's a good thing that your Heavenly Treasure House is so concerned! Rest assured, I will definitely report to the Island Master truthfully. When the Immortal Master's reward comes, you will not be left out."

Sun Zhang was delighted and began to flatter him.

Steward Zhao listened and then started to handle the registration for everyone.

Not long after, it was Li Fan's turn. Steward Zhao looked at Li Fan with a trace of curiosity.

"What is your name?" Steward Zhao asked.

"Li Fan," Li Fan answered truthfully.

"Come, drip a drop of your blood on this." Steward Zhao wrote Li Fan's name with a pen dipped in blood on a rectangular object that seemed like jade but was not actually jade. He then handed it over.

Li Fan pricked his finger, letting the blood drip.

Afterward, as if imbued with life, the blood seeped into the two characters "Li Fan."

"Keep this spirit symbol well; it will be your identity proof from now on. Whenever you need to receive work, distribute food, or go through inspections on the island, you must show this spirit symbol. Do not lose it," Steward Zhao emphasized, more friendly towards Li Fan compared to the others, and gave additional instructions.

This drew the attention of Sun Zhang and the others.

Li Fan didn't say many words of gratitude, and after nodding, he put away the spirit symbol and walked to the side.

The distribution of registrations was efficient, and soon, everyone had obtained their Liuli Island household registration.

The crowd was excited.

After leaving that place, they didn't return to the previous cave but were led by Sun Zhang to the courtyard of a house.

"Now that you have obtained your household registration, shall we sign the contract?" Sun Zhang said to Su Changyu and the others.

Su Changyu took out a thin piece of paper from his pocket carefully and then pricked his finger to write his name with blood, solemnly and respectfully.

After signing, the paper self-ignited without fire, turning into a wisp of green smoke, drifting away, and no one knew where it went.

"After the three contracts, only one more remains. When we settle down completely, I will sign the final contract according to the agreement," Su Changyu said calmly.

"Humph, it's troublesome dealing with you exile refugees. If not for the sake of the Immortal Master, our Heavenly Treasure House wouldn't engage in such a loss-making business," Sun Zhang snorted, somewhat dissatisfied.

However, he didn't say much afterward but proceeded to explain the things they needed to pay attention to on the island.

"All residents of Liuli Island can obtain a residence using their household registration spirit symbol. Although it is in a remote area at the northernmost periphery of the island, at least you will have a place to shelter from the wind and rain. Apart from that, for the first year after registering, you can receive a certain amount of free rations every month. Of course, if you are used to delicacies and can't tolerate this welfare food, you can spend your own money to dine on the island."

...

After saying a lot, Sun Zhang's mouth was dry, and he paused for a rest. Suddenly, he heard Su Changyu ask, "I am wondering, how can we cultivate?"

This was exactly what Li Fan was concerned about. He pricked up his ears and listened carefully.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 24: Purge Miasma to Refine Qi


Sun Zhang glanced at Su Changyu and patiently explained, "For ordinary people to cultivate, they need to cleanse the miasma within their bodies. The concentration of miasma in the bodies of those of you who have returned from exile is far higher than usual. So, without purging the miasma, it's impossible to cultivate."

Su Changyu furrowed his brows and said, "We are well aware of this. But how can we remove this miasma?"

"There are several methods to remove the miasma," replied Sun Zhang. "The first is using the Pure Body Spirit Pool on the island. Soaking in the pool for a day and a night can completely remove the miasma from the body. Unfortunately, the materials needed to open the spirit pool are astonishingly high. Although we are wealthy on Liuli Island, we can only open it once every three years. The last time it was opened was a year ago, so it'll be almost two years until the next opening."

"Moreover, the quota to enter the spirit pool is limited, and the competition is fierce. As outsiders without a foundation, it's unlikely for you to outcompete the island's residents," Sun Zhang shook his head.

"What about the other methods?" Su Changyu continued.

"The second method is to practice the 'Cleansing Heart Mantra,' along with specific medicines and diet. Over time, this can change your physique and gradually eliminate the miasma. Although it takes a long time, often five to six years of effort, it's stable and doesn't require any special costs. The 'Mysterious Yellow Cleansing Heart Mantra' and the corresponding elixirs can be purchased at the island's pharmacies."

"Five to six years..." Su Changyu murmured softly, then persisted, "Are there any other methods?"

"The third method is to become an experimental subject," Sun Zhang said. At this point, his face turned somewhat unpleasant, seeming to struggle to suppress his fear. But he continued to answer Su Changyu.

"Experimental subject?" Su Changyu was somewhat bewildered.

"That's right. Some immortals are very interested in the miasma within us mortals. Every year, they select volunteers from the mortal population on the island to serve as experimental subjects. Using special methods, they continuously extract the miasma from the research subjects. In a matter of a few months, the miasma within the experimental subjects can be completely extracted."

Seemingly recalling something, Sun Zhang's face turned a little pale. "However, this process is extremely painful. It's akin to being on the edge of survival, unable to live and unable to die. Most people can't endure until the moment when all the miasma is completely extracted and end up going insane."

"I don't recommend you to use this method. It's truly unbearable for an ordinary person."

It was unknown whether Su Changyu paid heed to Sun Zhang's advice. He remained silent for a moment and asked, "Are there any other methods?"

Sun Zhang shook his head. "It's said that the direct descendants of those immortals can reshape their bodies using celestial treasures, not only eliminating concerns about miasma but also improving their cultivation aptitude. However, this method is beyond our imagination. Even our Liuli Island can't grant this privilege."

"That's all I know. If you truly want to cultivate, think about it carefully in the days to come."

After speaking, Sun Zhang noticed Su Changyu looking somewhat distraught and couldn't help but console, "I know you've all been through a lot to return from exile, and you all have a heart inclined towards cultivation. Who wasn't like that in the beginning?"

"Unfortunately, cultivation is truly difficult. Even if you manage to purge all the miasma from your body, very few can sense the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, and even fewer can draw it into their bodies. Why bother? Being an ordinary person is not a bad thing."

Sun Zhang seemed to be consoling Su Changyu and perhaps himself as well.

"With the invisible nourishment of heaven and earth's spiritual energy, even if you can't cultivate, you can live longer than in the Land of Immortal Extinction. It's not in vain that your family paid a great price to send you here."

"Instead of tirelessly pursuing cultivation, it's better to enjoy life and live in the moment."

Sun Zhang finished his speech and then left.

The people present showed various expressions—some looked joyful, taking Sun Zhang's words to heart and finding an excuse for indulgence; some couldn't accept the arduousness of cultivation and burst into tears; some wore worried expressions, unsure of what to do...

Only Su Changyu had a determined look on his face, seemingly having made some kind of resolution.

Observing everyone's reactions, Li Fan felt deeply that in this world, every person had their own unique circumstances.

And each person's choice determined their vastly different fates in the future.

Without meddling further, Li Fan took advantage of the distracted crowd and quietly left.

After inquiring, he found the place to receive a free residence on the island.

Li Fan presented the spirit token and was then led by a designated person to the residential area in the north of Liuli Island.

Here, countless houses were densely packed, some empty and some already occupied by people.

Most of these houses had only one room, but fortunately, they all had a small courtyard enclosed by walls, preventing them from feeling too bleak.

"The seventh of the sixth row, this is it," the impatient person handed the key to Li Fan and hastily left.

Li Fan opened the courtyard door, walked in, and closed the door behind him.

The room was very simple, with only a bed and a few tables and chairs, making Li Fan quite uncomfortable.

However, he didn't care much about these external things. After a simple cleanup, Li Fan rested and contemplated his future plans.

"With this lucky start, settling down didn't require much effort. I have to thank those exiles for this. Unfortunately, this group, except for Su Changyu, seems to be ordinary individuals, without the heart for cultivation, unlikely to become great talents."

"This place of residence is a bit simple, but the safety is guaranteed. I inquired earlier; there's an immortal overseeing Liuli Island, and troublemakers have not dared to act out for a long time."

"The primary goal now is to purge the miasma from my body. Although the quota for the Pure Body Spirit Pool is precious, I've stored countless treasures in the Tai Yan Boat. It shouldn't be difficult to obtain a spot. The downside is drawing too much attention. Concealing one's wealth is essential. As an outsider with no foundation, suddenly displaying so much wealth will surely attract prying eyes. I need to plan carefully."

...

Suddenly, a knocking interrupted Li Fan's contemplation.

"Who is it?" Li Fan was instantly on guard.

"It's me," the voice was somewhat deep and sounded familiar.

Li Fan remained calm, took out a sharp dagger from the Tai Yan Boat, and hid it in his sleeve.

He opened the door slightly and saw the person clearly.

It was the fat man who had tried to strike up a conversation with him before.

Li Fan made a decisive choice and closed the door.

"Wait..." The fat man quickly blocked it and whispered, "You're not one of us from the Land of Immortal Extinction, right?"

"What?" Li Fan was puzzled.

The fat man took the opportunity to slip in.

He observed Li Fan with malicious intent and said, "What kind of person are you? What's your purpose for sneaking into Liuli Island?"

"How do you know I'm not from the Land of Immortal Extinction?" Li Fan asked back.

The fat man looked disdainful. "When I fell into the water, I vaguely saw your suspicious figure. At first, I thought it was an illusion. After seeing your performance last night, I became more and more suspicious. So, I kept an eye on you. Seeing you urgently look for a residence, I secretly followed you to test the waters."

"Indeed, as soon as I tried you, you revealed yourself," the fat man said proudly.

"From the looks of it, you're quite shrewd and attentive," Li Fan nodded.

"Of course, besides me, those fools wouldn't notice a stranger had entered," the fat man boasted.

"In that case, apart from you, no one else noticed this, right?" Li Fan asked.

"Of course not! How can those idiots be compared to me..." The fat man's words were abruptly cut off.

Because a sharp dagger had pierced his chest.

Watching the fat man falling to the ground, Li Fan's face remained expressionless.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 25: Wealth Moves the Heart


Term Change: Heavenly Treasure House > Heavenly Treasure Pavilion

*****

Dragging the fat man's corpse into the Tai Yan Boat and cleaning up the bloodstains on the ground, Li Fan then casually returned to his room, acting like nothing had happened.

"Truly ignorant," Li Fan commented.

The fat man clearly hadn't figured out the situation. Relying on a bit of cleverness, he thought he could threaten Li Fan, maybe trying to obtain some benefits from him.

But did he ever question whether Li Fan had actually infiltrated Liuli Island? This group of exiles, weren't they the same, obtaining their status by posing as disaster victims?

Once they acquired the household registration of Liuli Island, they truly considered themselves native inhabitants.

Li Fan saw this clearly. Previously, the immortal who concealed his face and came to pick them up, as well as the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion where Sun Zhang was, were very cautious in their actions, afraid of being discovered.

Obviously, their identities as mortals from the Land of Immortal Extinction were not something they wanted others to know about.

Because of this, this fat man, who had no understanding of the situation, came to threaten Li Fan, and Li Fan killed him without hesitation.

He didn't believe that the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion and the group of exiles would make a big fuss about this.

Furthermore, even if they investigated that the fat man had visited Li Fan before disappearing, now that they couldn't find the body, as long as Li Fan insisted he hadn't seen him, they couldn't do anything to him.

After all, if the matter escalated, it would not benefit either party.

And if Li Fan hesitated and didn't take action, leaving the fat man alive, it might actually lead to various troubles.

So, Li Fan decisively chose to nip any potential threats in the bud.

...

As Li Fan predicted, a few days passed, and besides Su Changyu asking about it once, the mysterious disappearance of the fat man didn't attract any attention from anyone else.

This incident was just a small episode in Li Fan's island life, quickly pushed to the back of his mind.

During these days, Li Fan inquired about various affairs on the island while planning how to use the treasures in the Tai Yan Boat in a reasonable manner.

Gradually, Li Fan gained a general understanding of the Liuli Island he was currently on.

This sea area was called the Cong Yun Sea.

The Cong Yun Sea was vast and scattered with tens of thousands of islands of various sizes.

Liuli Island was located in the central-southern part of the Cong Yun Sea and was of medium size.

The island was named after the delicious and tender Liu Li Fish [1] abundant in the surrounding waters.

The Liu Li Fish was not only popular among the common folk of the surrounding islands but was also occasionally used by some immortals to refine elixirs due to the Liu Li Pearl that would occasionally form in the fish's body.

Hence, the island needed an immortal to oversee it, and a certain amount of Liu Li Pearls had to be collected annually.

Immortals generally did not intervene in worldly matters, making it difficult for ordinary people to see them. The day-to-day affairs of Liuli Island were usually managed by the Liuli Mansion established by the island master.

Island residents could obtain a job within the Liuli Mansion. The higher the risk of the job, the higher the reward.

Among these jobs, fishing for Liu Li Fish was the most popular.

Apart from being relatively safe, the rewards were considerable.

Moreover, when the harvested Liu Li Fish were handed over, only 70% of them needed to be turned in, while the remaining 30% could be sold privately.

So, this fishing job was quite appealing.

However, fishing required a large ship, and the schools of Liu Li Fish were elusive. Specific spirit guides from the island were needed to locate them.

These spirit guides were only issued by the Liuli Mansion during fishing expeditions and had to be returned after returning to the island.

Private fishing was impossible. If caught, the penalty was direct execution.

Therefore, this fishing for Liu Li Fish was only allowed under the permission of the Liuli Mansion.

Those who could go fishing were highly regarded by the island's residents.

A few days ago, a fleet that had gone fishing not only had a great catch of Liu Li Fish but also encountered a sunken ship.

This ship was said to have escaped with the family to avoid a disaster, so it carried more than a dozen boxes of gold, silver, and jewels!

At this moment, the fleet had made a fortune.

Regarding the salvaged items from the sunken ship, the island's rules were the same as for Liu Li Fish—they could keep 30% for themselves!

So, when the fleet returned to the port, half the island was buzzing with excitement.

Even the island's treasurer and money manager personally came to inspect.

Seeing the fleet members almost grinning from ear to ear, many people on the island were envious.

They began to privately seek connections, wanting to obtain the qualification for the next fishing trip.

...

In Li Fan's view, he could slowly launder the countless treasures on the Tai Yan Boat using a similar method, with relatively low risk.

The only difficulty lay in how to obtain the qualification for a solo fishing trip.

The existence of the Tai Yan Boat must never be exposed.

Too many people on the island wanted to join the fishing fleet. After inquiring casually, Li Fan learned the key information.

Among the three trusted subordinates of the island master, Zhao, in charge of personnel matters, Qian, in charge of financial matters, and Zhou, in charge of public security, most of the fishing fleet quotas were in Qian's hands.

Zhao and Zhou had always wanted to intervene, but the quotas were firmly controlled by Qian, and they only controlled one or two fishing fleets.

Where there were people, there was conflict.

Li Fan remembered Zhao's reaction when he saw him on the day of registration. He thought maybe he could meet this Zhao.

However, Zhao wasn't someone Li Fan could easily meet now.

Li Fan decided to follow Sun Zhang's approach with the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

After inquiring about the location, Li Fan arrived at the door of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, wanting to meet Sun Zhang.

However, he was turned away.

"Go away, our Senior Sun has a distinguished status. Do you think you can just see him whenever you want? Hurry off!" Several big, intimidating men at the door looked at Li Fan malevolently, as if they were ready to act.

Seeing this, Li Fan had no choice but to leave for now.

He found it somewhat strange. The Heavenly Treasure Pavilion was a place of business after all. How could they just turn people away without seeing them?

Moreover, these big men made decisions without seeking approval, as if they already knew who Li Fan was.

"It must be that they received orders and intentionally avoided me," Li Fan concluded. He guessed that something had happened on the exile's side that made Sun Zhang turn hostile and not recognize them.

After some inquiries, Li Fan finally learned what had transpired.

It turned out that Su Changyu, in order to quickly get rid of the miasma in his body, chose to become an experimental subject for the immortals.

Before leaving, Su Changyu signed his name on the final contract.

Now, the three contracts were completed, and the final contract had completely dissipated.

There was no longer any connection between the exile group and the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

"No wonder they suddenly turned hostile and deliberately avoided us. I just didn't expect Su Changyu to be so determined," Li Fan sighed.

"Ah, we tried to advise him, telling him not to be in such a hurry. But he wouldn't listen!" the person who spoke was also familiar to Li Fan—it was Xiao Heng, who had claimed to be the son of the Southern King in the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion cave.

Xiao Heng seemed to have a very good relationship with Su Changyu and was extremely dejected at the moment. "If it weren't for his terminally ill sister, Brother Su wouldn't have fought so desperately."

Hearing this, Li Fan was lost in thought.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 26: Skillful Persuasion


Although Sun Zhang chose to avoid seeing him, Li Fan wouldn't give up so easily.

Judging from the day he couldn't help but console Su Changyu, this person was at least not treacherous. The reason for his cold attitude was probably to avoid too much involvement with mortals from the Immortal Extinction Land.

Compared to ignorant people, Li Fan preferred dealing with the knowledgeable.

So Li Fan came back to the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

"Why are you back again? Are you looking for trouble?" The black-clad man at the door looked at Li Fan warily and said menacingly.

Li Fan smiled slightly, "I'm here to do business with your Heavenly Treasure Pavilion. You won't even talk and just want to drive people away. Is this how you treat guests at the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion?"

Li Fan intentionally raised his voice, drawing the attention of the people around him.

"You..." The big man was instantly enraged and was about to attack, but was stopped by the person beside him.

After consulting for a while, the big man reluctantly led Li Fan inside.

Arriving at a guest room, a maidservant brought in a cup of tea.

Li Fan tasted it unhurriedly. As the tea went down, he felt a warm stream flowing from his stomach throughout his body.

In just a moment, Li Fan felt as warm as if he had basked in the sun for half the day in winter, even feeling a bit feverish.

"Good tea!" Li Fan couldn't help but praise.

"Great Yuyan Dragon Tea, which grows around the underwater volcanoes near Great Yuyan Island. There are only a few of them. Now, with the destruction of Great Yuyan Island, Great Yuyan Dragon Tea has temporarily become a rare item," a person with a smile on his face walked in and said slowly. It was Sun Zhang.

"My thanks to you, Senior Sun," Li Fan replied without reservation and finished the remaining tea.

When Li Fan put down the teacup, Sun Zhang narrowed his eyes and asked slowly, "The matter of transportation is over, and there should be no more entanglement between us. Why have you sought me out again?"

Sun Zhang's tone was not friendly, and there was a hidden killing intent in his eyes. It seemed that if Li Fan's answer didn't satisfy him, he would take action and kill.

Li Fan didn't care about Sun Zhang's aggressive questions and replied with a smile, "Elder Sun, you misunderstood. I really came to discuss business."

"Business? With you?" Sun Zhang was initially surprised, then sneered while looking at Li Fan.

Li Fan remained unfazed and silent.

Seeing Li Fan so assured, Sun Zhang gradually became serious, "What business?"

"I wonder if the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion is interested in the slots for the sea expedition fleets," Li Fan said slowly.

"Every time a fleet sets sail, aside from occasionally salvaging precious treasures, just the Liu Li Fish and other marine specialties are enough to make a lot of profit. If you say that the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion is not interested, that's impossible."

"But the slots for the fleet are firmly controlled by Steward Qian. Not to mention the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, even Steward Zhao would find it extremely difficult to occupy an extra slot. As a newcomer, what ability do you have to covet it?" Sun Zhang stared at Li Fan, seemingly trying to read something from his face.

"If I can meet Steward Qian, I have my ways to convince him," Li Fan replied confidently.

Seeing Li Fan so determined, Sun Zhang hesitated.

"Then let him meet Steward Qian. It's not a difficult matter. If things don't work out, just chop him up and feed him to the fish in the sea." At this moment, a somewhat lazy voice came from outside the room.

Li Fan's eyes condensed, and he saw a woman wearing light yellow clothes and a veil walking in.

The woman sounded like she was only seventeen or eighteen years old, but her well-proportioned figure exuded a mature and tempting charm.

"Greetings, manager," Sun Zhang stood up immediately upon seeing the woman, respectfully greeting her.

"Thank you in advance, manager." Li Fan remained calm, arching his hand.

"You seem to have some confidence. You don't seem like someone who speaks empty words," the woman sat across from Li Fan, tilting her head slightly, looking curious.

"I have always been a man of my word, and I never go back on my promises," Li Fan said frankly.

The woman in yellow lightly laughed out.

"If this matter really comes to fruition, my Heavenly Treasure Pavilion may have to extract the corresponding benefits."

"According to the rules of the island, each time you go out to sea, you can keep 30% of the harvest for yourself. I don't want any of this 30%, half of it will be given to Steward Zhao, and half of it will be handed over to your Heavenly Treasure Pavilion." Li Fan nodded his head in agreement and spoke shockingly.

The woman in yellow froze.

She resumed and carefully sized up Li Fan for a few moments, "That's strange, in that case, what do you want after going to such great lengths?"

"I only want a quota to enter the Pure Body Spirit Pool." Li Fan said frankly.

"Huh......" the woman was really shocked at this time, she looked at Li Fan several times, as if to make sure she hadn't heard it wrong.

Li Fan locked eyes with her, his gaze firm.

The woman laughed lightly, as if she had heard a particularly funny joke, and burst into laughter.

"Come on, uncle, you're quite old, and you want to learn cultivation from others?" After laughing for a while, she struggled to stop and managed to say a sentence before bursting into laughter again.

Sun Zhang looked at Li Fan, also full of disbelief.

Li Fan just looked at the woman calmly, without speaking.

The woman's laughter grew fainter.

"Haha..."

In the end, she laughed dryly and returned to normal.

"But seeking immortality at your age? That's funny," she said with a smile, tapping her chest, seeming a bit relieved.

"But if I seek longevity, I will not regret it even if I die." Li Fan said indifferently.

The woman in yellow did not say anything for a long time.

"Good, I shall accept this matter." In the end, she clapped her hands and said. "I will send someone to inform you when a date has been set."

"In that case, it is so agreed. I live in the seventh house of the sixth row outside the city, so you may go there to look for me." Li Fan arched his hand and turned to leave.

Only the woman in yellow and Sun Zhang remained in the room.

After a long silence, Sun Zhang couldn't help but say, "Manager, that Pure Body Spirit Pool quota..."

"Although the quota for the Pure Body Spirit Pool is highly contested on the island every year, it's not as if our Heavenly Treasure Pavilion doesn't have the strength to fight for it. What's more, if he can really secure a fleet of ships to go out to sea, it will only take five years or so for the profits brought in by the fleet to be enough to cover a quota. This matter is a steady investment." The woman in yellow was unperturbed.

"Rather..." she frowned her eyebrows, looking in the direction Li Fan had left and muttered to herself.

"What?" Sun Zhang couldn't help but ask.

"That person's eyes were a little frightening..." The yellow-clothed woman patted her chest, seemingly a little shaken.

Sun Zhang was stunned for a moment.

...

On the way back, Li Fan stopped at a pharmacy and bought the "Clear Heart Mantra" and the corresponding medicinal ingredients.

Even if everything went smoothly, it would still take two years for the Net Body Spirit Pool to open.

Such a long time couldn't be wasted.

Why not cultivate the "Clear Heart Mantra" first and see its effects? Maybe Li Fan had exceptional talents and could eliminate the miasma in his body in less than two years?

In the following days, Li Fan stayed at home practicing, waiting to meet with Steward Zhao.

Little did he know, that before he could meet Steward Zhao, Li Fan heard some shocking news.

Su Changyu was dead.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 27: The Wise Recognize Talents


Su Changyu didn't make it in the end.

In just seven or eight days, Su Changyu couldn't hold on any longer and passed away.

When his body was brought back, Li Fan went to take a look.

Only a twisted mass of flesh remained, no longer resembling a person, looking rather horrifying.

Occasionally, the flesh would twitch inexplicably, sending shivers down one's spine.

These people who arrived on Liuli Island were newcomers, struggling even to gather enough money to buy a plot of land for burial.

Originally, they planned for a sea burial, but Li Fan couldn't bear to see it and used some money to arrange a proper burial for Su Changyu.

Everyone was very saddened.

Among them, Xiao Heng cried the most miserably.

Li Fan didn't have any particular feelings, just a sense of sorrow.

After nearly three hundred years of reincarnation in the mortal world, Li Fan had a set of skills for judging people.

In his view, Su Changyu behaved decently and had a rather firm determination. Although he couldn't be considered an exceptional talent, he was definitely not an ordinary person.

Among the people who came to Liuli Island, he thought Su Changyu was the most likely to make a name for himself.

This person couldn't even pass the prerequisite of cultivation, the dispelling of miasma, and silently passed away.

The path of immortality was difficult!

Li Fan sighed even more.

During the process of practicing the "Cleansing Heart Mantra" in the following days, Li Fan's perception of this deepened.

As it turned out, Li Fan was not talented.

For nearly a month, Li Fan stayed in seclusion every day. Besides receiving a job to conceal his activities, he hid at home, practicing the Cleansing Heart Mantra.

Generally, after half a month of practice, ordinary people would experience obvious effects such as improved energy and faster thinking.

But a month passed, and Li Fan felt no change at all.

Li Fan guessed that it might be because his mental strength, after several reincarnations and hundreds of years of tempering with [Truth], had far surpassed that of an ordinary person. Therefore, the Cleansing Heart Mantra didn't have much of an effect on him.

However, Li Fan wasn't in a hurry. He treated it as a daily practice routine.

After another half month, Li Fan finally was contacted by the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

After following a messenger, Li Fan saw Steward Zhao in a courtyard owned by the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

"Steward Zhao, long time no see," Li Fan greeted, arching his hand.

Steward Zhao glanced at Li Fan and went straight to the point, "I've heard from the people of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion that you want to request a spot for an expedition fleet. Quite ambitious. What do you rely on?"

"You know, I have only two quotas available. I don't even have enough for my subordinates. Why should I give one to you?"

"Fleet expeditions are for profit. I wonder, Steward Zhao, how does the profit from catching Liu Li Fish compare to the direct loot from shipwrecks at the bottom of the sea?" Li Fan smiled slightly.

It seemed that Zhao, the steward, didn't think Li Fan was bragging. He seriously considered it for a moment and asked, "Some days ago, the fleet unexpectedly obtained dozens of boxes of jewelry. According to the calculation by the government, the gains were enough to offset several routine fishing expeditions. But how could such good luck happen every time? In my more than ten years on this island, I remember only a few major gains."

He paused and continued, "Listening to your words, you..."

Li Fan nodded, "If I take charge of a fleet, I can guarantee that every time the fleet goes out to sea, it will bring back a certain amount of treasure."

Zhao, the steward, had a strange light in his eyes and stared at Li Fan for a few moments before saying, "You surprisingly didn't lie."

Now it was Li Fan's turn to be surprised, "I indeed spoke the truth. But I wonder, how did Steward Zhao figure that out?"

Zhao, the steward, chuckled, "I was born with peculiar eyes that can recognize capable people and distinguish truth from falsehood. When you spoke just now, I only saw a soft white light emanating from you, proving that what you said was true and without any ill intent. If there were dark clouds, it would indicate you had other motives."

"Is there such a strange ability?" Li Fan was suddenly astonished.

"On the day you joined, the attitude of Steward Zhao seemed slightly different from others. But what did you see?" he asked.

"I can only see a general idea, not everything. I only saw that you will be very wealthy and have shed much blood. Clearly, you are not an ordinary person. That's why I treated you more politely," Steward Zhao explained with a smile. "The will of heaven is unpredictable. Who knows how many rich and noble people like you end up stranded on our Liuli Island? Some people only lurk for a few years and then rise again; some just fade into the crowd and eventually rot away."

Li Fan listened and thought of something, "So when we joined that day, did Steward Zhao realize that what Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's Sun Zhang said was untrue?"

"So what if it's true or false? Sometimes being too honest may not be a good thing. My duty is only to ensure that there are no traitorous individuals on the island. It doesn't matter where you come from, as long as you keep to yourself, I won't treat you badly," Steward Zhao said dismissively. "There is an immortal cultivator on the island, so we don't fear any trouble."

"Moreover, gathering the disaster victims was also the command of the Immortal Master. If Sun Zhang can lead so many 'disaster victims' to our Liuli Island, why would I make things difficult for him?" Steward Zhao explained.

Li Fan listened and gained a rough understanding of Steward Zhao's approach.

So the topic of the two returned to the fleet of ships going out to sea.

"Since Steward Zhao can see that what I have said is true, can you consider the matter of the quota?" Li Fan asked.

Steward Zhao tapped his finger on the table a few times before saying, "You're a newcomer with no roots, so if I were to risk handing over the fleet to you, it would definitely cause a lot of dissatisfaction."

"How about this, the next time you go out to sea, you can follow along. If you really manage to salvage treasure every time you go out to sea, then it won't take more than a few times for the crew to be convinced of you. At that time, you can then take over the fleet in name."

"Even, if your harvest is large enough, it's not impossible for me to persuade the Island Master to distribute a quota from Steward Qian over to you."

"Steward Zhao is considerate." Li Fan had no objection.

So, the conversation between the two of them proceeded smoothly.

The details of their conversation were unknown to the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, but when they heard that Li Fan had convinced Steward Zhao and obtained a spot for the next sea expedition, they were shocked.

"Could it be that the man didn't lie, and he really has the confidence to command a fleet?" In the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, the manager muttered, her eyes flickering.

"I wonder what he relies on?" Sun Zhang was also very puzzled. No matter how he looked at Li Fan, he was an ordinary middle-aged man.

"Send the land deed of the vacant small courtyard on the eastern street of the city to him," the manager suddenly said.

"Ah?" Sun Zhang did not react for a moment.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 28: Tempest Ravages the Sky


"Manager, this doesn't seem good," Sun Zhang lamented, feeling a pang of sorrow. "We acquired that yard with a hefty sum, intending to bribe Steward Zhao. We can't just give it away so easily to this lad, can we?"

"If we are to give it to him, we should wait until he helps us seize the fleet."

The woman in yellow garments replied, "Do what you're told. If we wait too long, I'm afraid the gift will be much bigger than a courtyard."

Muttering to himself privately, Sun Zhang ultimately dared not defy the orders of his superior and obediently sent the land deed to Li Fan's hands.

Li Fan didn't refuse. There was no need to move anything either. He moved into the Eastern Street courtyard that very day.

Compared to the slums outside the city, the surroundings of this yard were significantly better. At the alley's entrance, official personnel from Liuli Mansion maintained order and security. The small courtyard was also more spacious than the previous residence, comprising a main house with three rooms and two wings on each side. Although not overly large, it was sufficient for Li Fan's single occupancy.

Turning down several maidservants sent by the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, Li Fan settled down in the courtyard and patiently awaited the fleet's next departure.

He initially thought it wouldn't take long, but an unforeseen event postponed the departure indefinitely.

A calamity approached—a tempest!

Li Fan had heard numerous discussions about storms on Liuli Island during conversations among its residents, but he hadn't paid much attention. He thought it would be similar to typhoons or hurricanes he had encountered before crossing over, just a larger storm.

However, when the tempest actually arrived, Li Fan realized he was sorely mistaken!

On that day, while Li Fan was practicing the "Cleansing Heart Mantra" as usual in his home, he suddenly heard booming sounds outside.

The strange and shrill sound dominated the island's sky, quickly spreading across the entire Liuli Island.

"Quick, get back home! The tempest is coming!"

"May the Immortal Master protect us, protect us!"

"Mother, where are you? Come home quickly!"

...

Chaos erupted on the island, with panicked and fearful cries filling the air. Li Fan was momentarily puzzled.

Suddenly, he saw a blue curtain of light in the sky above Liuli Island.

The light screen resembled an inverted giant bowl, spanning the entire island and covering everything within.

"The island protection formation has been activated. No need to panic! Stay at home and don't go out!" A clear female voice accompanied the appearance of the light screen, spreading across the island.

"May the Immortal Master be merciful!"

Listening to the chorus of voices around him, Li Fan looked up and carefully observed the island protection formation.

The blue light flickered, isolating the island from the outside.

On the light screen, obscure characters, unfamiliar to Li Fan, occasionally appeared, looking extraordinarily mysterious.

Like the cries of ghosts, the howling winds gradually started, resonating in the air.

The ripples on the light screen rippled, blocking the fierce wind.

Inside the light screen, it was calm.

The sky began to pour down torrential rain.

The raindrops were so dense they almost formed a line, striking the light screen.

Ripples spread on the light screen, deflecting all of the torrential rain.

Outside, the storm roared, but inside, it was tranquil.

"So, this is the power of an Immortal?"

Li Fan admired secretly.

Although he had witnessed the destructive power of Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi, who could both obliterate an entire city with ease, seeing this island protection formation still made him eagerly yearn for it.

The tremendous waves continued for nearly half an hour.

Gradually, the rain subsided, and the wind diminished.

Just when Li Fan thought the tempest was about to end, he suddenly sensed something was amiss.

The sky not only didn't clear up but darkened further.

Countless dark clouds appeared from nowhere, layer upon layer, seemingly endless, pressing down towards the island.

In an instant, the heavens and the earth turned pitch black.

The thick dark clouds seemed within arm's reach, almost tangible.

The clouds appeared to be brewing something, plunging Liuli Island into a brief silence.

The silence was soon shattered.

"Boom!"

A thunderous sound exploded near Li Fan's ears.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Deafening roars, like thunder, erupted from all directions, incessant and unending.

Like an endless symphony without a conclusion, it reverberated through the heavens and the earth.

In the midst of this tremendous sound, Li Fan felt his head spinning, eyes dazzling, and chest pressed as if by a massive boulder, making it difficult to breathe. Touching his nose, he realized fresh blood was flowing.

Li Fan was alarmed, planning to rush back into the house for cover, but suddenly, he felt the ground violently shaking beneath his feet.

As the world spun around him, Li Fan quickly lost balance and fell to the ground.

It seemed like being continuously struck by something, the earth trembled violently.

Looking up, Li Fan saw a sight that almost took his breath away.

A wall of water, of indeterminable height, occupied his entire field of vision. Under the assault of the roaring winds, it descended towards Liuli Island with a force that could shatter anything.

The monstrous wave was about to fall, burying everything beneath it.

Li Fan couldn't help but raise his hands instinctively to shield himself.

"Boom!"

The wave crashed against the blue light screen.

The light screen distorted for a moment as if it was going to shatter.

However, after a burst of blue light, the light screen returned to normal.

Like rocks by the seashore, standing firm amidst the huge waves.

Unable to engulf Liuli Island, the furious sea seemed to be infuriated.

Wave after wave relentlessly assaulted, a tempest of the last days.

Li Fan, lost in this chaotic scene, felt as if an era had passed.

When the tempest finally subsided after what seemed like an eternity, survivors on the island knelt down, weeping in gratitude.

Li Fan, under the incessant discussions of the islanders, received even more astonishing news.

This tempest experienced by Liuli Island was considered relatively small in scale.

Fifteen years ago, the tempest's might was several times stronger than this one.

At that time, the island protection formation almost couldn't hold, forcing it to shrink its protective range.

Thus, after the tempest, the areas not protected by the formation were ravaged.

The island's size was reduced to a third of its original size.

In the following decade and a half after the tempest, Liuli Island gathered survivors and slowly began to recover.

"A tempest... so this is what a tempest is."

Li Fan was profoundly moved.

The power of nature was truly terrifying!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 29: Setting Sail


In the days following the recent storm, all residents of Liuli Island received instructions to inspect the protective barrier for any damage. The method of inspection was quite simple: Liuli Mansion provided a spiritual talisman to each household. They were instructed to hang the talisman in their homes for a couple of days and watch for any red light emissions.

For more remote and secluded areas on the island, dedicated individuals were assigned to ensure the barrier's integrity.

Under the will of the Immortal Master, and for the sake of their own safety, all activities on the island were temporarily suspended to prioritize the maintenance of the protective barrier.

In the past, the Immortal Master oversaw the maintenance of the barrier, but this time, the Immortal Master had to return to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island to obtain more spirit stones, as they had been nearly depleted.

Li Fan also received a spiritual talisman and hung it in his home. By carefully sensing it, he could faintly perceive an invisible ripple emanating from it. After expanding outward for a certain distance, it seemed to encounter some obstacle, causing it to return. As it returned, the talisman emitted a blue light for a moment before going dim.

A few breaths later, the blue light went out.

The fluctuations continued to be generated again.

The cycle began again and again.

"If there is no red light emitted, that must mean this node of the protective formation is fine." Li Fan recalled the other party's instructions in his mind when he was handed out the spirit talismans.

"This protective barrier is so vast yet incredibly intricate. It's hard to imagine how it was constructed."

"Ten Thousand Immortals Island is said to be the gathering place for the majority of cultivators in this Cong Yun Sea region. It's shrouded in mystery, and even Steward Zhao knows little about it."

"All I know is that once the common people on the island cleanse themselves of impurities and cultivate their inner energy, an Immortal Master will descend and take them to Ten Thousand Immortals Island."

"It seems like that's my goal in this world."

But there were steps to be taken, and the first was to secure a spot in the expeditionary fleet, which would provide the opportunity to enter the Pure Body Spirit Pool and purify his body.

Li Fan had waited for hundreds of years; a little more patience wouldn't hurt.

Time passed quietly amidst the anxious prayers of the island's residents.

Five days later, the long-awaited news arrived.

The protective barrier remained intact.

With the return of the Immortal Master, who had brought sufficient spirit stones, the island's residents finally breathed a collective sigh of relief. Life on Liuli Island gradually returned to normal.

Over the next few months, survivors from other islands came to Liuli Island seeking refuge. Only a few of them survived the recent storm, as most of their island's inhabitants perished.

Upon learning that Liuli Island had an Immortal Master in residence, these refugees couldn't hide their envy. The Cong Yun Sea was vast, with countless islands of various sizes. Only islands with special resources had Immortal Masters.

During these months, Li Fan remained diligent. He practiced the "Cleansing Heart Mantra" every day, and finally, he began to see some results.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Mortal

Physical Age: 41/88 ↑

Mental Age: 504/1119 ↑

Both his physical age and mental age had increased again, albeit not by much. Still, Li Fan felt encouraged by the progress.

From then on, Li Fan practiced even more diligently. Besides eating, he spent most of his time practicing the mantra.

After another month of consistent practice, Li Fan received the news sent by Steward Zhao.

The storms in the Cong Yun Sea had finally subsided, and the next expeditionary fleet was about to set sail!

Three days later, at the Liuli Island dock:

Liuli Island's ships were even larger than the Tai Yan Boat's second form, measuring a staggering two to three hundred meters in length. Over a dozen of these massive ships were lined up on the sea, creating a spectacular sight.

Due to the recent storm and the outstanding debts owed by Liuli Island, the island's master ordered the entire fleet to set sail this time.

This was an extraordinary event because, for safety reasons, only one or two fleets typically set sail at a time.

The dock was filled with residents who had come to witness this grand occasion. Occasionally, they spotted familiar faces among the crew and enthusiastically waved to them.

Li Fan followed Steward Zhao's people onto a ship named the "Cangyuan."

Among the crew, many were like Li Fan, setting sail for the first time. Their faces were filled with excitement and the hope of sudden wealth.

However, the seasoned sailors appeared quite the opposite. Instead of excitement, their faces were marred with worry, and they couldn't stop complaining.

"I don't know what got into the island master's head to make us undergo this assessment. If our fleet has the lowest harvest this time, we'll be marked as unqualified and lose the right to set sail in the future! What are we going to do?"

"Ugh, it's all because of that storm. I heard that Coral Island in the south was flattened because of a damaged protective barrier. And now, we have to pay the tribute that Coral Island owed."

"What a mess! How are we going to survive in the future?"

"I heard it's only temporary. We just need to make up for the previous debts."

The sailors lamented, and the atmosphere on the ship became gloomy.

"Look at you all moping around! Why not think about the positive side? There are rewards for the top performers, you know? The share of the harvest has been increased from thirty percent to fifty percent!"

"Fifty percent? Do you realize what that means? If we make a big catch, we won't have to set sail for the rest of our lives!"

Just as the sailors were discussing, a dark-skinned man walked over and scolded them.

"Captain, do you have a plan?" the sailors asked eagerly. They were clearly familiar with this man and trusted his leadership.

"Don't worry, this time, we have someone capable on board this time. I guarantee we'll return with a full haul," the captain said proudly, pointing at Li Fan, who stood behind him.

"Him?"

"He looks so clean. Has he ever been out to sea before?"

The sailors looked at Li Fan and shook their heads in disbelief.

"Are you all blind? Don't you recognize talent? This person was specially invited by Steward Zhao. He's going to take over our ship soon! Be more respectful!" the captain scolded them angrily as if he were truly upset.

Hearing the captain's words, the crew on the Cangyuan erupted into discussion and skepticism, with many of them showing disbelief.

"This young man?"

"Is he capable?"

"He looks inexperienced."

However, the dark-skinned captain, with a satisfied smile on his face, turned to Li Fan. It seemed his scheme had succeeded.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 30: Treasures of the Deep Sea


"Haobo, you've been the captain of the Cangyuan for almost ten years. How can you just agree like that?"

"You saved my life, Haobo. If you want to leave, I, Liu San, will be the first to object!"

"Exactly!"

"Why not throw him into the sea to feed the fish once we're out at sea? It's perfectly normal for someone to die at sea!"

The crew on the ship was stirred up, and Li Fan seemed to have become a public enemy.

The man used his hands to pacify the crew, saying, "Calm down, everyone! Although I, Zhang Haobo, know everyone holds me in great esteem, the Cangyuan is Steward Zhao's property, and we are all just working for him. Now that Steward Zhao says he wants a change, what can I do?"

Saying this only made things worse; Zhang Haobo's words further infuriated the crew.

Their eyes turned red, glaring at Li Fan with murderous intent.

Li Fan sneered inwardly.

He could see through the tactics used by this man named Zhang Haobo; they were far too feeble to escape his notice.

Praising Li Fan on the surface was to incite distrust among the crew towards Li Fan.

Speaking for Li Fan on the surface was to stir up dissatisfaction among the crew.

Expressing his powerlessness on the surface was to encourage the crew to unite against Li Fan.

Hypocrisy at its finest.

These were just petty political maneuvers.

Li Fan, with a fearless face, walked in front of the crew, standing tall and loudly declaring, "If you all don't trust me, do you not trust Steward Zhao's judgment? Moreover, we are about to set sail this time, just watch my methods! I will definitely not disappoint everyone."

Li Fan's voice was loud, drowning out the clamor of the crowd.

The crew, seeing Li Fan's extraordinary momentum, were momentarily suppressed and no one stepped forward to argue.

Li Fan didn't give them a chance. After bidding farewell, he took the lead and entered the cabin alone.

Leaving behind the crew with wide eyes and a sullen-faced Zhang Haobo.

The group whispered among themselves.

"Could that kid really have some skills?"

"Perhaps... it's possible. Steward Zhao's eyes are extraordinary; he rarely makes a wrong judgment."

"He doesn't seem like an ordinary person."

...

"What, you believe that every time we go out to sea, you can lead us to find treasure? I don't believe it!"

"You're obviously just using connections to snatch the position of captain of our fleet! Do they think I'm ignorant?"

"Since he's already said it, I want to see how he'll end up!"

Zhang Haobo was secretly resentful, looking at his subordinates who were taken in by Li Fan's words, feeling even more frustrated.

"Sail! Head out to sea!"

He shouted angrily.

The Cangyuan set off without wind, leaving the port and heading into the open sea.

The Cangyuan didn't rely on wind or manpower, but a set of miniature formations powered by spiritual stones.

The ship was equipped with spirit detectors. When a nearby area showed signs of a school of Liu Li fish, the detectors would emit signals.

However, the sea was vast, and the range the detectors could sense was limited.

So, experienced sailors were needed to first find the approximate area where the fish might be.

In a typical year, the activity areas of the Liu Li fish were relatively regular, making them easier to catch.

But if there were raging storms and the fish migrated, all previous experience became useless.

It was like finding a needle in a haystack, purely relying on luck.

And it seemed like the Cangyuan wasn't very lucky this time.

Half a month passed, and apart from catching some ordinary fish and finding some common sea minerals, there was not much of a significant catch.

Not only were the crew members all frowning, but Zhang Haobo was also getting anxious.

After all, there were penalties for the last place this time.

Compared to other jobs on the island, the work of the sailors going to sea was low-risk and high-reward.

No one wanted to lose out like this.

"The island's rule is to return within a month. We've only caught this little this time; it's very likely we'll have the least catch. Let's hope for a turning point in the next few days. May the immortals bless us."

Zhang Haobo looked at the calm and deep sea, feeling helpless.

Just then, he heard footsteps behind him.

Turning around, Zhang Haobo saw Li Fan walking towards him.

"What, are you finally willing to come out of the cabin? If it weren't for the fact that you still eat every day, I would have thought you were dead in there."

Since they set sail, Li Fan had been staying in his room and not communicating with anyone.

Zhang Haobo was in a bad mood and didn't have a good expression towards him.

Li Fan didn't pay attention to his impolite words. Instead, he gazed into the distant sea with a serious expression.

He just stood there, not saying a word.

Zhang Haobo saw Li Fan's strange behavior and felt a bit uneasy, looking in the direction he was staring at, but saw nothing unusual on the sea's surface.

Li Fan's expression became even more serious.

Yet, he remained silent.

After a while, Zhang Haobo couldn't bear it and asked, "What are you looking at?"

Li Fan was startled and turned around, full of regret, staring at Zhang Haobo angrily.

"What are you pretending for?!" Zhang Haobo was a little guilty but persisted.

"I want a small boat!"

Li Fan didn't answer him, but turned his head and said in a deep voice, "I've sensed treasures!"

"What..." Zhang Haobo was a bit confused at first.

"What!" But he quickly reacted and exclaimed, "Are you not kidding!"

"Quick, prepare a boat for me. I've seen treasures shining in the deep sea, waiting for me to salvage," Li Fan said solemnly.

Zhang Haobo was hesitating, but then Li Fan said, "The opportunity is fleeting. The brilliance of the treasures is dimming. I'm about to lose its position."

Zhang Haobo immediately woke up.

"Hurry! Prepare the boat!"

The Cangyuan was equipped with several small boats, generally used to explore narrow passages or venture into unknown and dangerous sea areas.

And when the small boat was ready and lowered, Li Fan sailed away alone.

It was only when the small boats were put down and Li Fan was driving away alone that Zhang Haobo suddenly came to his senses.

He didn't know how he could have believed Li Fan's words just now.

Sensing treasure buried under the deep sea?

How could that be possible?

He was about to say something when he heard Li Fan shouting from afar.

"Don't follow me, wait for my signal!"

"Why?" Zhang Haobo couldn't help but shout and ask.

"You are too noisy! It's easy to interrupt my detection!" Li Fan responded.

The corner of Zhang Haobo's mouth twitched, but recalling the scene just now when Li Fan glared at him, he seemed to think that perhaps the other party had not told a lie.

Time passed, and two hours had passed since Li Fan left in his boat alone.

"Maybe he ran away alone?" a crew member asked anxiously as he looked in the direction Li Fan was leaving, unable to help himself.

"What nonsense are you talking about? The sea is vast, and he didn't bring any provisions. Where could he possibly go!" Zhang Haobo scolded the crew member and was about to say more when he saw a red signal in the sky from a distance.

"Quick! Move the ship there!" Zhang Haobo immediately ordered.

The Cangyuan activated its power and quickly arrived at the location of the signal.

There, Li Fan stood on the small boat, looking exhausted.

"The treasures are right here!" he said to everyone.

Zhang Haobo and his men looked at each other, unsure if it was true or not.

A while later, Zhang Haobo gritted his teeth and said, "Get into the water! Release the nets!"

Amidst the doubt of everyone, one crate, two crates...

A total of sixteen crates of gold, silver, and jewels were slowly hoisted up.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 31: Returning to Liuli Island


Under the clear moonlight, all the crew members on the Cangyuan ship had red eyes and were panting heavily.

Until now, they all seemed as if they were in a dream.

Sixteen large boxes filled with gold and silver treasures were quietly placed on the deck.

Some were still not at ease and pinched themselves. Feeling the pain, they stared at the treasures on the ground, unwilling to shift their gaze for a moment.

Li Fan didn't actually brag! He really returned with a full load!

However, the extent of this "full load" far exceeded everyone's imagination!

Various jade ornaments, gold and silver, jewels, and other treasures filled the boxes, dazzling everyone.

They had spent half of their lives making a living by fishing at sea. Even in the most beautiful dreams, they had never seen such a surreal scene.

As for Zhang Haobo, his mind was completely blank.

"It's actually true. That guy can really find treasures sunken at the bottom of the sea! Such ability, such ability..."

Having lived on Liuli Island for over twenty years, Zhang Haobo naturally knew that aside from the immortals, there were some ordinary people in the world who possessed incredible abilities. For example, communicating with the birds in the sky, foreseeing disasters in advance, being able to breathe underwater for extended periods, or seeing through lies, in the case of Steward Zhao.

However, these extraordinary individuals were few in number. They were either entrusted with important tasks on various islands or were taken as servants by the immortals and brought to the Island of Ten Thousand Immortals.

They were truly rare to come by.

Unexpectedly, this Li Fan was also one of these extraordinary individuals!

Suddenly, Zhang Haobo thought that Li Fan had recently moved to Liuli Island. Could it be that he had been forced to move here because his original island was destroyed by a disaster? It made sense. He was a newcomer, so no wonder Steward Zhao regarded him highly, even though he was just a new resident!

Everything made sense!

At this moment, Zhang Haobo regretted deeply.

"Zhang Haobo, oh Zhang Haobo, you had a rare opportunity to encounter a benefactor. Not only did you fail to seize it, but you even mistakenly thought that the other party came to steal your little ship fleet!"

The more Zhang Haobo thought about it, the more regretful he felt. He wished he could just slap himself.

"No, I must apologize quickly! Immediately, right away! Such extraordinary individuals are honored guests wherever they go. If he gains power and bears a grudge against my actions from a few days ago..."

Zhang Haobo gave himself a shake and was about to go to Li Fan's room to apologize.

"Huh, is it just my imagination? Why do I feel like these boxes haven't been submerged for long?"

"Weird, we didn't see the sunken ship when we salvaged them."

"It's probably drifted here along the seabed currents, right? Or maybe it was blown up to the sky by the wind disaster and then fell into the sea here?"

"Why worry about all that? As long as these treasures are real."

In the whispers of his subordinates, Zhang Haobo hurriedly left.

In the room, after Li Fan had politely sent Zhang Haobo away, he stretched his weary body.

Naturally, those sixteen boxes of treasures were thrown down by him.

He came alone to a deserted area, unfurled the Taiyan Boat, moved a small part of the treasures he had plundered from Daxuan into the boat, threw them into the sea, and finally sent the signal, allowing the crew of the Cangyuan to come and salvage them.

The boxes were indeed heavy. If it weren't for him constantly practicing the "Cleansing Heart Mantra" over the past few months, coupled with the invisible nourishment of the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, his strength wouldn't have increased significantly, and he would probably not have been able to handle it alone.

Even so, after the matter was finished, Li Fan felt like he was falling apart.

"For the first time, I made a big splash. I won't need to throw this much in the future."

Li Fan calculated in his mind.

As for Zhang Haobo...

Li Fan didn't care about him at all.

For Zhang Haobo, the position of the fleet's captain was the foundation of his life. If someone suddenly wanted to snatch it away, it would be strange if he didn't react.

Moreover, the tricks he used were childish to Li Fan.

In Li Fan's eyes, Zhang Haobo simply didn't matter.

He didn't have that kind of importance at all.

In the end, he was just a simple fisherman.

For Li Fan, the fleet he valued was just a small stepping stone in his plans.

"Ants do not know the aspirations of humans," Li Fan shook his head and dismissed the thought, focusing on practicing the Cleansing Heart Mantra.

...

After obtaining the treasure, the Cangyuan no longer fished. They immediately turned the bow and headed back to Liuli Island.

After all, the harvest this time was so significant that the crew wouldn't feel at ease until they safely returned to the island.

Full throttle was engaged, and in just two days, Liuli Island was in sight.

"After returning, let's not dock immediately. Liu San, quietly get into the water and then go to inform Steward Zhao at his residence. Let him personally send someone to count," Zhang Haobo instructed the crew solemnly.

If there were no surprises, they should have the most significant share of the harvest in this expedition.

According to the rules, they were entitled to fifty percent!

When it came to an outsider counting, who could guarantee there wouldn't be any withholding or intentional omissions?

Losing even a little would be deeply distressing for them.

They couldn't trust anyone who wasn't part of their crew.

The crew nodded one after another, watching the routine counting ship approaching the island, immediately becoming alert.

"Zhang Haobo, what do you mean? Not letting us on the ship?"

It seemed that there was some conflict between the other party and Zhang Haobo, and there was a hint of anger in their words.

However, Zhang Haobo didn't pay any attention.

Seeing Zhang Haobo's lack of response, the other person became more mocking, "Judging by your ship's draft, I'm afraid you're returning empty-handed this time. It seems your tenure as a captain is coming to an end. If you really can't make it, come to my ship. I guarantee I won't let you starve!"

The crew of the Cangyuan, hearing their leader being insulted, became furious and was about to retort.

But Zhang Haobo stopped them.

Regardless of what the other side said afterward, Zhang Haobo acted as if he hadn't heard, waiting for Steward Zhao's representative to arrive.

"It seems that Zhang Haobo's ability to hold onto the position of the Cangyuan ship's captain is not without reason. He's not as pitiful as I imagined, but his background and experiences have limited him," Li Fan nodded to himself after witnessing this scene.

The commotion on the dock attracted quite a few onlookers, and people were pointing and discussing the Cangyuan ship.

Fortunately, the standoff between the two sides didn't last long. Soon, Steward Zhao personally arrived with his men.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 32: Treasure Seer Physique


As the sixteen boxes of riches were unloaded in full view of everyone at the pier, the entire dock was abuzz.

You see, the last time a fleet had such a huge harvest was... no, it was just a few months ago!

When did salvaging treasure from the depths of the sea become so easy?

Or perhaps, had the waters near Liuli Island become so rich that treasures were abundant everywhere? The people on the island were deeply skeptical.

Soon, the excitement intensified.

Who wouldn't want to become rich overnight?

Countless excited individuals rushed back home to share what they had witnessed at the pier.

They too wanted to set sail; they too wanted to salvage the treasures from the sea floor! Thus, the news of the enormous treasure gained by the Cangyuan sailed like wildfire and quickly spread across the entire Liuli Island.

Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

The woman in yellow was meticulously appraising a new batch of items when she suddenly heard hurried footsteps.

"Innkeeper, innkeeper!"

Sun Zhang burst in without a greeting.

"What's going on?" The woman in yellow was somewhat puzzled.

"Treasure... more than a dozen boxes... Cangyuan..." Sun Zhang gasped, his words disjointed.

The woman in yellow was unimpressed. "It's just a dozen or so boxes of treasures. Is it necessary to make such a fuss? To digest these things on the island, they'll have to go through our Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's channels..."

While the woman was speaking, her expression suddenly changed. "Wait, did you say Cangyuan? The ship that uncle named Li Fan is staying on?"

Sun Zhang nodded repeatedly.

The woman in yellow was stunned for a while before she regained her senses. "No wonder that guy was so confident in convincing Steward Zhao. He was absolutely certain that he could find treasure as long as he set sail..."

"That's right, that's right. This ability of his is just like our Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's manager!" Sun Zhang said with envy and admiration, "Luckily, you, the manager, had the foresight and gave him a small courtyard before. You've established a relationship with him. When he returns from this sea voyage, he will surely become famous. If we want to win him over again, it will probably cost us a lot."

The woman in yellow interrupted Sun Zhang and instructed, "Go arrange it immediately, see when you can arrange a meal with him. Also, send someone to deliver the land deed to him."

Sun Zhang was taken aback, but this time he didn't say anything and hurriedly went downstairs to handle it.

In the room, only the woman in yellow was left speaking softly.

"Treasure seer physique..."

The rumored treasure seer physique could sense the presence of rare treasures within a certain range of oneself.

The manager of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, Yin Yueting, the elder sister of the woman in yellow, possessed this special physique.

It was precisely relying on this heaven-defying ability that Yin Yueting established the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, a large commercial organization that spanned across the Cong Yun Sea, from nothing in only ten years.

Li Fan had no idea that he had been mistaken by the people of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion as a treasure seer physique. At this moment, he was in the residence of Steward Zhao.

"Your talent is indeed extraordinary. Your first sea voyage resulted in sixteen crates of treasures. It truly surprised me!" Steward Zhao's face was full of smiles, exclaiming in admiration.

Li Fan smiled but didn't answer.

He knew that Steward Zhao had the ability to discern the truth, so he skillfully changed the subject: "The harvest this time is indeed substantial, but it's probably going to be difficult to have this much in the future."

Steward Zhao was indifferent, "That's understandable. You can't have such luck every time."

He then continued, "However, with just the harvest from this time, it's enough for me to organize a separate fleet for you."

Li Fan nodded, "In that case, thank you, Steward Zhao!"

"I heard that you've been diligently trying to obtain a spot in the Pure Body Spirit Pool," Steward Zhao said suddenly while sipping his tea.

"That's correct. I have gone through many things in my life and only now understand that worldly fame and fortune are fleeting. Even the richest man will turn into dust after a hundred years. Only by seeking immortality and achieving longevity can one not have lived in vain in this world!" Li Fan sighed deeply, feeling deeply emotional.

Steward Zhao stared at Li Fan for a long time before sighing, "You have the aspiration to become an immortal at such a young age. I'm not as good as you."

Seemingly reminded of something, Steward Zhao's face displayed a complex expression. "More than a decade ago, when I was about your age, I coincidentally saved an immortal. The immortal asked if I was willing to follow him in cultivation, but I knew I had already passed the prime age for cultivation. Even if I cultivated, success was not guaranteed. Moreover, as one grows older, the miasma within the body also deepens, and attempting to remove it becomes increasingly painful."

"So, I chose to take up a managerial position. Now, as the years go by, I have a faint sense of regret. However, the mistake has been made, and there's no cure for lost opportunities," Steward Zhao sighed with regret.

He looked at Li Fan again and praised, "Among the tens of thousands of ordinary people on Liuli Island, individuals like you are truly a minority."

"You flatter me! I wonder, Steward Zhao, about the matter regarding a spot in the Pure Body Spirit Pool..."

"I can't help you with this. The opening of the Pure Body Spirit Pool requires an immortal to preside, and the spots are decided by the Immortal Master. A year before the pool is opened, the Immortal Master will announce the required materials. Each family collects and submits the materials according to the contribution level, determining the spots," Manager Zhao explained, shaking his head.

"But you don't need to worry. Heavenly Treasure Pavilion has branches on various islands in the Cong Yun Sea. In terms of collecting materials, there are very few on Liuli Island who can surpass them."

Li Fan thought of the image of the woman in yellow and nodded.

After spending some more time with Steward Zhao, Li Fan took his leave.

As soon as he returned to the courtyard, Sun Zhang arrived, apparently waiting for a long time.

"Is your manager inviting me to dinner?"

It was indeed a coincidence.

Li Fan was just thinking of meeting her again, so he readily agreed.

As for the land deed that Sun Zhang brought, Li Fan didn't accept it.

He planned to meet the woman in yellow again in the evening.

As night fell, the lights began to glow.

Li Fan arrived at the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

There was only one person in the room.

However, she had changed into a purple robe and was not wearing a veil anymore.

"Allow me to formally introduce myself. I am the manager of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion on Liuli Island, Yin Yuzhen."

"Li Fan."

Yin Yuzhen chuckled. "You are indeed straightforward."

"I'm just a mere mortal, there's really nothing worth mentioning," Li Fan said frankly.

"Is the Treasure Seer Physique also insignificant in your eyes?" Yin Yuzhen looked at Li Fan with a wry smile.

"Oh? I don't know about the Treasure Seer Physique," Li Fan said calmly, though he was intrigued.

"You mean the Treasure Seer Physique isn't worth mentioning to you?" Yin Yuzhen furrowed her brows, gritting her teeth.

But when she saw that Li Fan really seemed to not know, she reluctantly explained the matter of the Treasure Seer Physique to him.

"In that case, your sister also possesses a Treasure Seer Physique?" Li Fan squinted his eyes.

"How old is she this year? What does she look like? Where was she twenty years ago? And where is she now?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 33: Two Talented Sisters


Li Fan asked several seemingly inexplicable questions, leaving Yin Yuzhen a bit bewildered, not understanding why he was asking these.

Suddenly, she seemed to think of a possibility, her face turning somewhat pale as she stared at Li Fan. "Could it be that you are the long-lost father of us sisters?"

But soon, she denied it herself. "No, your appearance is nothing like ours."

"It's just curiosity," Li Fan said indifferently, not paying attention to the strange thinking of this young girl.

"I understand, curious about someone of the same kind, it's human nature," Yin Yuzhen said, nodding repeatedly as if she understood.

Li Fan couldn't be bothered to explain further.

Yin Yuzhen sighed and said slowly, "We were originally from the northern Night Island. Our parents passed away due to disaster when we were young, leaving only my sister and me to rely on each other. In my memory, my sister and I could only beg for a living every day, barely managing to get by."

"But at some point, my sister began to always find valuable things in different places."

"Our lives gradually improved day by day, and later, my sister single-handedly established the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion," Yin Yuzhen recalled.

"Unfortunately, I haven't seen my sister for several years," she said, full of nostalgia.

"Oh? Where did she go?" Li Fan furrowed his brow.

"Three years ago, my sister caught the eye of a passing immortal and was taken away. At first, she would send messages to let us know she was safe. But later, we never heard from her again," Yin Yuzhen said, holding her chin in her hands, looking pitiful.

"Taken away by an immortal? Could it be that she was taken to cultivate immortality?" Li Fan couldn't help asking.

"That's what I hope for. In the letters my sister sent back before, she used a secret code that only the two of us understood, telling me that her current situation was very dangerous. If she doesn't contact us in the future, it means she might have met with misfortune. She asked me not to look for her anymore," Yin Yuzhen sighed, her eyes showing a hint of sadness.

Li Fan couldn't help but ask after hearing this, "Can it be that it's her special physique, the Treasure Seer Physique, that has attracted trouble?"

"This is also something I can't figure out. Although the Treasure Seer Physique is indeed very powerful, being able to sense treasures within a certain range of oneself, this ability is also limited."

"My sister is only a mortal and can sense only things that are of some value to mortals. These treasures, in the eyes of those immortals, are essentially equivalent to broken copper and iron."

"It's not like there weren't any Immortal Masters who sensed my sister's talent before, but in the end, they didn't take it very seriously. I don't know why, but in the end, she was still taken away by that Immortal Master." Yin Yuzhen sighed again, a hint of sadness showing in her eyes.

"Although my sister is in danger, she has left behind her foundation. The Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, which she worked hard to build for most of her life, must not be destroyed in my hands," Yin Yuzhen said, staring at Li Fan with big eyes.

"That's why I came to you today."

Li Fan raised his eyebrows but didn't say anything.

Yin Yuzhen explained to herself, "I don't have my sister's magical abilities. After my sister disappeared, the business of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion declined day by day. I also misjudged a few items later and failed to realize they were forgeries, resulting in another significant loss."

"The elders gradually became dissatisfied with me and even considered joining forces with outsiders to drive me out and divide the assets of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion."

"Fortunately, they still had some concerns about the immortal who took away my sister, so they hesitated and didn't take action."

"So, I came to Liuli Island to explore new markets and avoid trouble for a while."

"Originally, I thought of developing here for a few years, accumulating some strength, and then going back to settle accounts with them. But I didn't expect to encounter another Treasure Seer Physique on Liuli Island."

Yin Yuzhen was somewhat excited. "With your help, I will definitely regain control of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion."

"Why should I help you?" Li Fan remained unmoved. "I'm not interested in the affairs of your Heavenly Treasure Pavilion. My only desire lies in cultivating immortality."

"Before, you promised that if I helped you profit on a fleet voyage, you would assist me in obtaining a spot for the Pure Body Spirit Pool. You're not going back on your word now, are you?"

Yin Yuzhen seemed to be mentally prepared for Li Fan's response as she nodded. "Our Heavenly Treasure Pavilion conducts business with integrity. What we promise, we will certainly fulfill. However..."

She paused, looking at Li Fan with a cunning expression.

"However what?" Li Fan's face darkened.

Yin Yuzhen smiled lightly. "Even if you can enter the Pure Body Spirit Pool, so what? It's not an easy task to remove the miasma from your body. Almost only half of the people who enter the pool every year are successful. And the older you are, the higher the failure rate."

"You're not young anymore. Are you sure you have a hundred percent certainty of success? Each person only has one chance to enter the pool in their lifetime. If you fail, you might bid farewell to cultivating immortality forever."

"I know that success with the Pure Body Spirit Pool is not guaranteed. But a fifty percent success rate is worth trying for me. However, from what you're saying..." Li Fan looked at Yin Yuzhen, his eyes narrowed.

"That's right." Yin Yuzhen had a triumphant expression on her face, knowing that Li Fan had taken the bait. "In the last letter from my sister, a pill named the Body Cleansing Pill was sent. According to what my sister mentioned in the letter, by taking this pill, the probability of successfully removing the miasma from the body will greatly increase. If combined with the Pure Body Spirit Pool, even at your age, there's a high chance of success."

"With such a miraculous pill, why haven't you taken it until now?" Li Fan couldn't help asking.

"Not everyone is as determined as you to cultivate immortality. My wish is to do good business and protect the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion left behind by my sister," Yin Yuzhen replied.

"Everyone has their own aspirations," Li Fan nodded slowly.

"So, do you agree?" Yin Yuzhen looked at Li Fan with hopeful eyes.

"Allow me to consider this. I will give you an answer in three days," Li Fan contemplated for a moment, not agreeing immediately.

"Alright, I'll wait for your message," Yin Yuzhen said, somewhat disappointed, but still nodded.

"Farewell!"

...

"I hope I didn't make a mistake this time."

Yin Yuzhen watched Li Fan's retreating figure, her expression becoming serious, murmuring softly.

When dealing with Li Fan, Yin Yuzhen had been playing the role of a "junior" and a "young girl."

Her intuition told her that Li Fan didn't dislike her acting this way.

Moreover, interacting with Li Fan in the capacity of a junior would make things easier to succeed.

Yin Yuzhen wasn't like her sister, possessing the ability to sense treasures innately.

However, she had her own unique traits.

Apart from her sister, Yin Yuzhen was the only one who knew that she could vaguely sense the good or bad outcomes of events since childhood.

It was precisely relying on her sister's treasure-sensing physique and her own ability to anticipate fortune and avoid calamity that the two sisters were able to grow up smoothly and prosper.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 34: The Cleansing Heart Mantra's Effect


Li Fan inquired discreetly and confirmed that Yin Yuzhen was not lying about the Body Cleansing Pill.

So, three days later, he met Yin Yuzhen again and agreed to her request.

Both parties agreed that before the Pure Body Spirit Pool opened, Li Fan would help the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion collect a certain amount of treasures every once in a while.

When the pool was opened, Yin Yuzhen would give the Body Cleansing Pill to Li Fan.

Of course, to show sincerity, Yin Yuzhen brought out the land deed.

Since they had an agreement, Li Fan didn't hesitate and accepted it.

Thus, Li Fan moved again.

The property was located in the central part of Liuli Island, surrounded by a bustling and lively environment.

However, with its unique architectural structure and embellishments of vegetation, it was completely isolated from the noisy surroundings.

Though in a bustling place, it felt as if it were deep in the mountains.

The area of the building was several times larger than Li Fan's previous small courtyard. The artificial hills, lakes, flowers, plants, and trees inside needed care.

Li Fan declined the maids sent by the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion and hired a few servants from the island to clean every three days.

Yin Yuzhen was quite helpless about Li Fan's caution.

Fortunately, Li Fan didn't overlook the agreed-upon matters.

Over a year, Li Fan joined three official sea expeditions of Liuli Island, each time bringing back several boxes of treasures, astonishing the whole island and winning a fleet quota for the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

Afterward, every time the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's fleet set sail, Li Fan would go with them.

Over the year, Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's earnings were overflowing, almost equal to the total profits of the previous five years.

In the eyes of everyone in Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, Elder Li not only had great abilities, being able to find treasures on each expedition, but was also meticulous and decisive in his thinking.

During one of the sea expeditions by the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, a few crew members were tempted by the valuable items brought up from the sea. They planned to unite and kill for the treasures.

Unexpectedly, Elder Li had already sensed the abnormality and struck preemptively before they could act, executing them all.

The corpses were thrown into the sea, and their heads were strung together to deter others.

Privately, people said that perhaps those crew members were just boasting recklessly after drinking, and they might not have had the courage to commit murder and theft.

But just because there was this slight possibility, Elder Li didn't hesitate to kill them all.

Moreover, the island's authorities not only didn't punish him, they instead praised Elder Li for his reasonable and effective protection of Liuli Island's assets.

Even when the islanders found out about it, they cursed those pirates for deserving their fate and praised Elder Li for his decisive action.

Since then, there were no crew members in Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's fleet who dared to harbor evil intentions.

...

Li Fan, of course, didn't care about what others thought of him.

In order to completely control the fleet as soon as possible, harsh measures were necessary.

He didn't have so much energy to waste on these worldly matters.

During this year, whenever he had free time, he diligently cultivated the "Cleansing Heart Mantra."

It was not only because it could purify the miasma but also because Li Fan had discovered something that delighted him.

The recharging progress of [Truth] had accelerated!

Before this, the recharge progress of [Truth] could only increase naturally as time passed.

It would reach 100% every twenty years, slowly rising to the upper limit of 200% after reaching 100%.

In the previous nine cycles, Li Fan had tried various methods to try to speed up the progress, but none had succeeded.

Li Fan had left the Land of Immortal Extinction and came to the cultivation world a little over a year ago.

According to the previous pattern, the progress should be between 6% to 7%.

However, Li Fan was pleasantly surprised to find that the progress had reached 15%.

The charging speed had nearly doubled! Apart from the Cleansing Heart Mantra, Li Fan did not engage in anything else that could possibly help with this.

The only explanation is that cultivating the "MCleansing Heart Mantra" can actually accelerate the charging progress of [Truth].

Although the principle behind it was still unknown, this didn't hinder Li Fan from practicing even more diligently.

With the display of the [Truth] panel, every bit of progress could be clearly seen.

This also kept Li Fan motivated, preventing him from losing motivation due to the long and repetitive cultivation.

In addition to the charging progress, Li Fan's upper mental age limit also increased significantly.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Mortal

Physical Age: 42/95↑

Mental Age: 505/1210↑

Virtualization Charging Progress: 115%

Anchor Charging Progress: 51%

Current Anchor Count: 1

Bound Items: "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra," Tai Yan Boat, "Stone Tablet of Prohibition" (Damaged)...

Time passed quietly as Li Fan immersed himself in his practice.

Soon, there was only one year left until the opening of the Pure Spirit Spirit Pool.

On Liuli Island, the list of needed supplies for this event was also announced.

At this moment, Li Fan was studying this list with the people from Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

"Everything else on this list is fine, but what is this Starry Sea Quicksand?" Li Fan frowned and asked after reading it once.

Having worked for Heavenly Treasure Pavilion for a year, Li Fan had gained some insights, at least regarding the conventional ores and rare materials circulating in the Cong Yun Sea.

Not only was Sun Zhang at a loss, but even Yin Yuzhen, the manager of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, fell silent.

"The materials needed this time are all very common, except for this Starry Sea Quicksand that I've never heard of. It seems that the key to competing for the slot this time lies in this Starry Sea Quicksand," Sun Zhang said.

"I've done business for over ten years and have never heard of this thing," Yin Yuzhen tapped the table lightly with her fingers. "Looks like we need to ask the people from the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce about it."

"These people are very greedy. It's probably going to cost us a lot," Sun Zhang sighed.

"I am determined to get the Pure Body Spirit Pool slot," Li Fan said firmly.

The Wanhua Chamber of Commerce wasn't a local business in the Cong Yun Sea but instead came from a distant continent.

It was said that the trading company was supported by immortals, allowing them to easily cross endless seas and come to this remote Cong Yun Sea for business.

Yin Yuzhen established a connection with the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce over a decade ago, and the two sides have engaged in trade over the years.

It was through the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce that the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion could quickly digest the large number of treasures found by Li Fan and convert them into profits.

"We still have a year of preparation time. The Wanhua Chamber of Commerce's trading ship should pass through the Cong Yun Sea in three months. At that time, I can contact them," Yin Yuzhen said.

"We can't solely rely on the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce. In the past year, Liuli Island has gathered many disaster refugees from other islands. These refugees are from various places in the Cong Yun Sea, and there might be someone who knows about this Starry Sea Quicksand among them. We can inquire with them. Other forces on the island are also looking for this Starry Sea Quicksand, so we also need to monitor them closely. If they find anything, we can take action accordingly," Li Fan decided.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 35: Fruits Are All Preordained


With the announcement of the materials needed for the Pure Body Spirit Pool, the surface of Liuli Island appeared calm, but there were already hidden undercurrents.

Even ordinary people who didn't care about this matter knew that the major powers on the island were now searching for something called "Starry Sea Quicksand."

After inquiring covertly without results, Li Fan unexpectedly received an unexpected guest one day.

It was Xiao Heng, the person Li Fan had encountered when he first came to the cultivation world.

"Please have a seat," Li Fan said as he poured him a cup of tea.

Xiao Heng observed Li Fan's current residence, his eyes filled with envy and nostalgia.

"I wonder what business you have with me, young brother?" Li Fan had a good impression of Xiao Heng and asked kindly.

Xiao Heng first looked around cautiously, then leaned in and said softly, "I heard that Brother Li has also been looking for Starry Sea Quicksand lately?"

Li Fan's eyes narrowed, "Indeed. I am already of an advanced age and want to cultivate, and my only reliance is the Pure Body Spirit Pool. Why, do you know about this item?"

Xiao Heng swallowed nervously and nodded, "Yes, when the Immortal Master descended to the Land of Immortal Extinction, he promised that as long as the necessary materials were collected, a group of people could go to the cultivation world. Among them was Starry Sea Quicksand."

Li Fan was momentarily stunned. Afterward, he expressed his confusion, "Is that so? Why don't I have any recollection of this? I asked those people from before, and they all claimed ignorance. Hence, my inquiry."

Xiao Heng looked a bit embarrassed upon hearing this, "At that time, when it was publicly announced, several items were already omitted from the list and allocated to the major families as reserved slots. My family was tasked with collecting the Starry Sea Quicksand."

Li Fan nodded thoughtfully.

"Go on, what conditions do you have?" Li Fan got straight to the point.

Seeing Li Fan being so direct, Xiao Heng felt a bit awkward, blushing slightly, and explained, "Back when you paid for Changyu's burial, it was a favor to me. I shouldn't ask for this, but life here on Liuli Island is too difficult. I don't have the same abilities as Brother Li. I still live in a poor area on the outskirts and have to do hard labor to sustain my daily life..."

Xiao Heng rambled on, but Li Fan lightly chuckled and interrupted him.

"No need for many words. I understand your predicament. I am determined to obtain this item. As long as you can provide clues and have any requests, feel free to mention them, and I will do my best to fulfill them."

Xiao Heng was very grateful, "In that case, I thank Brother Li in advance."

He paused for a moment, then said somewhat sentimentally, "Actually, this item is not that rare. It's just that the term used by the immortal master is different from our ordinary language. Of course, if it weren't for the attached material descriptions that came with the list, I wouldn't have known. Essentially, the so-called Starry Sea Quicksand is just meteoric iron from the heavens."

Li Fan listened carefully, comprehending it all. Then, when Xiao Heng finished, Li Fan didn't forget his promise.

"Tell me, what do you want?"

Xiao Heng spoke in a low voice, "I just want a decent courtyard and a slightly easier job. Of course, it would be even better if I could have a few maids."

Li Fan had prepared himself for Xiao Heng's ambitious requests but was surprised to see how easily he could be satisfied. He chuckled and shook his head.

"I didn't expect the son of the Southern King to have such modest requests. Perhaps add a little more; I still have some influence at the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion."

Xiao Heng declined politely, "I am aware of my abilities. Being able to live comfortably and not work so hard already satisfies me. If suddenly gaining wealth that attracts envy, it might bring disaster."

Li Fan nodded and didn't insist further.

After a few pleasantries, Xiao Heng took his leave.

"Do you have any plans for cultivation? After all, you've come all the way to this cultivation world through great hardships; wouldn't it be a waste if you don't make use of this opportunity?" Li Fan suddenly asked as they parted.

"Let's talk about it later. I'm not really interested in cultivation. When I practiced Cleansing Heart Mantra, I felt nothing. I have no idea how long it will take to completely dispel the miasma." Xiao Heng responded with little interest and left without looking back.

After seeing Xiao Heng off, Li Fan hurried to the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

Meeting Yin Yuzhen, Li Fan repeated Xiao Heng's discourse about the Starry Sea Quicksand.

"Starry Sea Quicksand is meteoric iron? It's so simple?" Yin Yuzhen was somewhat surprised. "Can we trust this guy named Xiao Heng?"

"He shouldn't be lying," Li Fan affirmed.

"But we shouldn't take his word for it," Li Fan suddenly changed the subject. "Didn't you say that the caravan of the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce will be passing by Liuli Island soon? When the time comes, you might inquire about it from them."

"That's a good idea," Yin Yuzhen agreed. "It would be even better if we could save some money."

"Anyway, we still need to secretly purchase meteoric iron that meets the requirements. Not many people know about this item now, but it might change soon. In addition, when making the purchase, we need to mix it with other things to divert attention and confuse observers. At the same time, we can have someone spread fake news about Starry Sea Quicksand in the market to muddy the waters."

Li Fan thought for a moment and then patiently gave instructions.

To ensure the allocation of the Pure Body Spirit Pool spot, Li Fan needed to plan carefully.

"Li Fan, you are really something. I only knew that you had a Treasure Seer Physique before, but I didn't expect you to have such skills," Yin Yuzhen said, her eyes filled with curiosity, seeing Li Fan's well-organized arrangements.

"What did you do before?" Yin Yuzhen couldn't help but ask.

"I was just a minor advisor," Li Fan replied casually.

Yin Yuzhen scoffed disbelievingly.

"Alright, I'll leave this matter to you to handle. I need to go cultivate. Unless there's a special situation, don't disturb me. Oh, and handle the matter I promised Xiao Heng as well," Li Fan concluded and then left the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

"Auspicious again? How could it be auspicious again?" Yin Yuzhen felt dazed, watching the direction Li Fan left. Her eyes were full of puzzlement.

Since meeting Li Fan, every time she entrusted a task to him, her intuition showed signs of great luck.

This made Yin Yuzhen almost believe that her ability to seek good fortune and avoid calamity had failed.

After all, before encountering Li Fan, she had never experienced any good omens.

On the contrary, when she wanted to swallow the Body Cleansing Pill and embark on the path of cultivation, she felt extreme dread, as if death was certain on the road ahead. It was a clear omen of great calamity.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 36: Fortuitous Find


Yin Yuzhen's intuition told her that as long as she helped Li Fan, there would be boundless benefits in the future.

Although she didn't know what kind of achievements this old man would have in the future, Yin Yuzhen chose to trust her instincts and do everything she could to assist Li Fan.

So, under Yin Yuzhen's direction, the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion began to operate at full capacity.

While collecting meteoric iron, they also purchased a large number of completely unrelated items to divert attention.

Other forces within Liuli Island noticed the unusual activities of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion and sent people to investigate secretly.

However, due to Yin Yuzhen's early preparation, they couldn't find out anything.

Instead, following Li Fan's plan, the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion released a lot of false information about the Starry Sea Quicksand. The other forces were skeptical of its authenticity and chose to observe.

However, some of them, with the idea of "buy first and sell later, even if it's fake, we can sell it again," purchased a large number of things related to the rumor. Consequently, the rest couldn't sit still and joined the purchasing frenzy.

For a while, prices soared on Liuli Island, and chaos ensued.

...

Li Fan, the initiator of all this, remained quietly in his home, focusing on his cultivation.

Three months later, Yin Yuzhen finally managed to contact the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce.

Early in the morning, Yin Yuzhen and Li Fan left Liuli Island on a small boat owned by the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, heading north for several tens of miles to the agreed sea area.

The boat was loaded with goods for this trade, packed to the brim.

It wasn't until midday that the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce finally arrived.

A dot in the sky rapidly enlarged, and as it got closer, Li Fan realized that it was an airship!

A flag fluttered on the airship, bearing a large word: "Wanhua."

The airship seemed to be half the size of the Tai Yan Boat in its second form, about fifty meters long.

The airship soon came over their heads and gently landed on the water.

"Manager Yin, long time no see!" After stabilizing, hearty laughter came from the airship.

Yin Yuzhen was looking at Li Fan, hoping to see surprise on his face.

But to her disappointment, Li Fan didn't show any surprise upon seeing the airship of the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce, as if he had long been accustomed to such sights.

Yin Yuzhen felt a bit disappointed and more curious about Li Fan.

Upon hearing the voice, Yin Yuzhen turned her head.

"Wu Xingzou, long time no see. Wasn't our last meeting three years ago?" Yin Yuzhen smiled in response.

"Time really flies." Wu Xingzou laughed and came to the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's ship.

"Who is this?" He looked at Li Fan and asked with a smile.

"He is an elder from our Heavenly Treasure Pavilion," Yin Yuzhen replied simply.

Seeing Yin Yuzhen's unwillingness to elaborate, Wu Xingzou didn't press further.

"Shall we take a look at the goods? After this transaction, it may be difficult for us to meet again," he suggested.

Yin Yuzhen was taken aback, "Why do you say that? Has something changed?"

Wu Xingzou shook his head, "I don't know the specific reasons. Just a few days ago, we suddenly received a notice from the headquarters, instructing all trading caravans within the Cong Yun Sea to cease all operations and return as soon as possible."

"If it weren't for the scheduled trading day we had agreed upon, I'm afraid I would already be on my way back."

"So this transaction cannot be delayed and needs to proceed quickly."

Yin Yuzhen was a bit flustered for a moment. After all, the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion was thriving on Liuli Island because it was backed by the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce.

Now, with the sudden withdrawal of the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce from the Cong Yun Sea, what would happen to the future business of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion?

Could she still keep the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion?

And why didn't her intuition react at all this time?

Yin Yuzhen was in turmoil, and she froze on the spot.

"Manager Yin?" Wu Xingzou noticed Yin Yuzhen's stunned expression and couldn't help but remind her.

Yin Yuzhen forced a smile and snapped back to reality.

Entering the cabin, they began to check the traded goods.

"Sixteen pairs of jade bi, twenty-three pieces of coral, forty-six night-bright pearls..." Li Fan led Wu Xingzou to walk in front of various goods, reciting them one by one.

Wu Xingzou occasionally picked up an item and carefully examined its quality.

Then he nodded and carefully put it down.

"Starry Sea Quicksand, three pieces." When they reached the middle, Li Fan calmly reported.

Wu Xingzou's face lit up with joy and he quickly walked over to the pieces of meteoric iron.

He gently touched them and then turned the meteorite over to inspect it repeatedly.

Seeing this scene, Li Fan knew that Wu Xingzou was no ordinary person.

These meteorites weighed at least fifty catties each, but in his hands, they seemed like toys.

After a while, Wu Xingzou reluctantly put the meteorites down.

"Manager Yin, you're really lucky this time. You actually managed to collect Starry Sea Quicksand, such a valuable item."

Li Fan and Yin Yuzhen looked at each other and breathed a sigh of relief.

They could now confirm that what Xiao Heng said was correct.

This time, the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion seized the initiative and acquired a good amount of Starry Sea Quicksand in advance.

They should be able to secure the quota for the Pure Body Spirit Pool.

After that, there were no more valuable items. Wu Xingzou was very satisfied with the goods provided by the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion this time.

And because they wouldn't see each other for a long time in the future, he specially invited Li Fan and Yin Yuzhen to be guests on the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce's airship.

After a hearty meal, Wu Xingzou led the two to the warehouse of the airship.

"These are all collected by me from various islands in the Cong Yun Sea. Some are invaluable, and some I am not sure of their use. I just bought them because they looked strange. If you are interested, you can choose a few from them." Wu Xingzou, who was drinking happily, said somewhat proudly, facing the dazzling array of treasures.

Yin Yuzhen was excited. She had the ability to sense good fortune and avoid disaster, so wouldn't she be like a mouse in a rice barrel here?

Li Fan was initially not interested, but seeing Yin Yuzhen's eager expression, he couldn't refuse. He accompanied her in strolling around inside.

"You have only the time of an incense stick!" Wu Xingzou seemed to be very interested in this kind of game and said loudly to the two.

Yin Yuzhen ignored him and was excitedly shuttling through the warehouse.

Inside were thousands of treasures, and even though she could sense good fortune and roughly distinguish their value, she was still dazzled for a moment.

Li Fan, on the other hand, was bored and picked up and looked at one item after another aimlessly.

He had been through nine reincarnations and three hundred years of ups and downs. What kind of mundane treasures had he not seen?

As long as it wasn't related to cultivation, he didn't care.

Thinking like this, as his hand touched one of the items, his body suddenly froze.

Because a notification from [Truth] instantly popped up.

"Detected chargeable item. Consume to recharge?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 37: Canghai Pearl


Li Fan calmly examined the item in his hand.

At first glance, it seemed like an ordinary azure glass ball, but upon closer inspection, one could see the ever-changing light within the sphere, as if a vast blue sea was gestating within.

"Heavenly Treasure[1]: Canghai Pearl (Initial Stage)."

"Out of the Canghai sea comes life."

Li Fan was utterly astonished. He hadn't expected to encounter a Heavenly Treasure here!

And it was still in the process of gestation, not yet fully formed.

Suppressing his excitement, Li Fan placed the Canghai Pearl back in its original spot.

He pretended to be nonchalant, examining the other items around.

He didn't even cast a glance at the Canghai Pearl until Wu Xingzou announced that the time was up.

Yin Yuzhen felt both disappointed and excited as she walked out, clutching a few items.

"You're not picking anything? Wu Xingzou is being so generous. It's a rare chance; you won't find another shop like this once we leave." Yin Yuzhen noticed that Li Fan's hands were empty and couldn't help but comment.

Wu Xingzou chimed in, "The manager is right. It's not proper to leave empty-handed after entering a treasure trove. It seems like you don't think much of me."

Li Fan thought to himself, "It's a good thing you both mentioned it; otherwise, I would've had to bring it up."

"In that case, I won't be impolite." He walked over to the vicinity of the Canghai Pearl, picked a jade statue almost at random, a statue resembling an ancient tree, and casually picked up the Canghai Pearl along with it.

"I'll take these two." Li Fan said in a somewhat casual manner.

Wu Xingzou praised, "Elder has a good eye. This jade statue in the form of an ancient tree was found on a remote island in the farthest north of the Cong Yun Sea."

"This jade statue has been worshipped by a primitive tribe on the island for thousands of years and possesses an air of mystery. Ordinary people, if they place it at home, can achieve a calming and fortifying effect for their mind and body."

Wu Xingzou highly praised the jade tree statue, glancing at the Canghai Pearl just once and then never mentioning it again.

"My thanks for your generosity." Li Fan cupped his hands and said happily.

"And what about this?" Li Fan played with the Canghai Pearl and asked.

"Oh, this one. I acquired this from a fisherman on Flowing Cloud Island," Wu Xingzou recalled after a moment. "There's nothing particularly special about it; I just found it intriguing, so I took it."

"Flowing Cloud Island..." Li Fan firmly etched the name in his mind.

Then he quickly changed the topic, "Manager, what did you choose?"

Wu Xingzou's gaze shifted to Yin Yuzhen.

Seeing that Yin Yuzhen had chosen a painting, a pair of jade bracelets, and a gemstone, he enthusiastically introduced these items to them.

Li Fan listened absently, his mind focused entirely on the Canghai Pearl.

In the midst of Li Fan's distracted thoughts, the transaction between the two sides came to an end.

The Wanhua Chamber of Commerce obtained a large number of treasures, while Yin Yuzhen amassed a significant amount of gold and silver.

"Manager Yin, we may meet again," Wu Xingzou sighed, steering the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce airship, disappearing from sight of the two.

On the way back, despite the abundant gains from this transaction, Yin Yuzhen couldn't hide her worries.

"Are you worried about Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's future business?" Li Fan asked.

"Yes, without the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce, we lose a significant sales channel. I'm afraid Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's profits will take a big hit in the future," Yin Yuzhen lamented. "I don't know why Wanhua Chamber of Commerce suddenly withdrew from the Cong Yun Sea."

"If you have products to sell, there will be a way. There's no need to worry excessively," Li Fan couldn't think of a good solution for the moment and could only offer words of comfort.

Yin Yuzhen nodded, but it was clear she didn't take much solace.

Back on Liuli Island, Li Fan bid farewell to Yin Yuzhen and hurried back to his home.

Closing the door tightly, Li Fan took out the Canghai Pearl in his room.

"The original purpose of this trip was just to verify whether the Starry Sea Quicksand is meteorite iron. I didn't expect to obtain this treasure. It's a pleasant surprise," Li Fan looked at the Canghai Pearl in his hand, overjoyed.

"I just don't know what makes this Canghai Pearl special?"

In Li Fan's understanding, each Heavenly Treasure represented a certain characteristic or rule of the world.

The Gnarled Dragon Branch represented achieving great things through small beginnings and the act of engulfing.

The Rust Sword Dao Xuan symbolized an unyielding will and the ability to resist slow decay.

The Stone Tablet of Prohibition embodied following the inscribed laws and performing actions accordingly.

What special characteristic or rule did this small azure pearl called the Canghai Pearl represent?

Li Fan held up the Canghai Pearl and immersed himself in the deep blue color, his mind reeling.

Unfortunately, despite studying it for quite some time, Li Fan couldn't discern the special feature of the Canghai Pearl.

Perhaps only cultivators can glimpse its mysteries!

Li Fan sighed deeply and carefully stored the Canghai Pearl.

Should he absorb it to recharge now?

Li Fan hesitated for a moment, but according to [Truth]'s feedback, the Canghai Pearl was still in its initial state. If consumed, it would probably only increase the charging progress by 1-2%.

It was essentially nothing. It would be better to wait for it to fully form before consumption.

After all, the item was already in his hands; he wasn't worried about it running away.

It took a long time for Li Fan to calm down from the surprise of obtaining a Heavenly Treasure.

After settling down, Li Fan immersed himself in the cultivation of the "Cleansing Heart Mantra."

A few days later, Li Fan was awakened by an urgent knocking on his door.

It wasn't even dawn yet; who could be coming to disturb him at this hour?

Cautious, Li Fan took out a dagger, concealed it in his sleeve, and went to open the door.

"Who is it?"

"Brother Li, it's me."

Xiao Heng's voice came from outside.

What is this kid looking for me for at this hour? Could it be that he didn't receive the residence I prepared for him?

Li Fan felt a hint of doubt, but he still opened the door and let Xiao Heng in.

Panic and anxiety were written all over Xiao Heng's face.

"Sit down and speak."

The two of them entered the room, and Xiao Heng anxiously said, "Brother Li, something big has happened! It's about the fact that we were smuggled from the Land of Immortal Extinction; the news has leaked!"

"Who leaked the news?" Li Fan was somewhat surprised and asked.

"We don't know. But everyone on the island now knows that we're not natives of the Immortal Realm, and instead came here through the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion. It is said that the Immortal Master is extremely furious and wants to catch us all and kill us. Some of us were extremely frightened and fled on boats in the dead of night. The rest of us don't know what to do."

"They all say that Brother Li must have a way, so they asked me to come and ask you quickly." Xiao Heng explained anxiously.

Li Fan listened and pondered for a moment, then chuckled lightly, "Don't worry, this matter is not a big deal."

Xiao Heng was stunned, "Brother Li, why do you say that?"

Li Fan sneered, "Do you think the government would announce in advance when they're going to capture thieves? If they really wanted to kill you, you would have been dead long ago. Would they let you know the news, and then allow you to escape and discuss countermeasures openly?"

"Brother Li, are you saying this was intentionally leaked to scare us?" Xiao Heng realized, too.

"But why would they do this?" he asked with a puzzled expression.

"In my opinion, this matter probably isn't directed at us." Li Fan suddenly stood up. "Their target is likely the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion."

*****

[1] I might have used a few different terms for "Heavenly Treasure", but I'll stick with this one from now. A more accurate translation would be "Heaven and Earth Wonder," but that's quite wordy and doesn't make as much sense in English. Essentially, they're just naturally formed treasures, and when a cultivator uses one to build their foundation, they'll become "Foundation Treasures," like Kou Hong's dragon branch or Dao Xuanzi's sword.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 38: Entering the Pure Body Spirit Pool


After placating Xiao Heng, Li Fan hurriedly went to the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

Yin Yuzhen was a bit surprised by Li Fan's sudden arrival.

After listening to Li Fan's reason for coming over, Yin Yuzhen explained the ins and outs of the matter with a resentful expression.

It turned out that after several months of inquiries, the various forces on Liuli Island finally figured out that the Starry Sea Quicksand Liuli Island was actually meteorite iron from the sky.

But when they wanted to collect the meteorite iron, they found that the Starry Sea Quicksand in the area of Liuli Island had already been plundered by the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

And the previous chaos in the market on Liuli Island was caused by the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's manipulations.

"Heavenly Treasure Pavilion is making a fool of everyone!" In shame and anger, they went to the Immortal Master of Liuli Island to seek an explanation.

Naturally, Yin Yuzhen eloquently defended herself, stating that her actions were justified business competition.

The master of Liuli Island also believed that although Yin Yuzhen's approach was a bit excessive, the competition for the quota of the Pure Body Spirit Pool was based on individual abilities. As long as they could collect the materials needed by the immortals in the end, even if the means were slightly out of line, it was acceptable.

So the island master did not punish the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion but instead reprimanded those who caused trouble.

How could these people willingly accept this?

So a few days later, there were rumors on the island that the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion was secretly involved in smuggling businesses for mortals.

And as the rumors spread, it seemed like the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion would be questioned and wiped out by the immortals tomorrow.

"So, how serious is this matter? Will the immortals really blame us?" Li Fan, after understanding the whole story, couldn't help but ask.

"This is the tricky part of this matter," Yin Yuzhen frowned, "If the punishment is unknown, then the threat is immeasurable. Smuggling mortals was never explicitly prohibited. But this matter is somewhat taboo and should not see the light."

"Moreover, more than a decade ago, a certain immortal happened to witness the act of smuggling, and in his anger, he killed all the mortals present."

"Since then, everyone has tacitly engaged in this smuggling business secretly."

Li Fan listened and furrowed his brows slightly, "So you mean, this matter can be big or small. How it is handled depends on the mood of the immortals?"

"That's right. If the immortals don't take it too seriously, then there's no problem. If the immortals are in a bad mood, then..." Yin Yuzhen didn't finish her words, but her face turned a little pale.

Li Fan fell into silence.

He thought of the scene when he first met Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi.

In the eyes of these immortals, mortals were like ants and could be killed at will.

"I'd rather take the risk of being beheaded than give up this smuggling business. I think the profits involved in this must be extremely high." Li Fan sighed.

"That's for sure. The cost of a single stowaway requires a small world to scavenge for nearly a decade to fulfill. You can imagine how much profit is involved." Yin Yuzhen nodded. "Precisely because of this, some immortals can't help but secretly join in and take a share of the profit in the end."

"These immortals will never admit that they are involved in these things. When they come into contact with us, they use immortal techniques to conceal their appearance. And in the end, they take away most of the profits." Speaking of this, Yin Yuzhen was also a bit helpless. "So, we have to deal with this matter on our own in the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion."

Li Fan thought of the immortal who guided them into the immortal realm when he first entered the immortal world and nodded.

"So, what is the temperament of the immortal stationed on Liuli Island? What is his attitude towards this matter?" Li Fan asked again.

"Master He Zhenghao of Liuli Island is usually reclusive, and I haven't seen him much. So I can't be sure about his attitude. But judging from his previous ways of dealing with mundane matters, he is not a softhearted person." Yin Yuzhen said in a deep voice.

After analyzing it in his mind, Li Fan sighed in the end.

Li Fan knew that even if he had many schemes, in the face of absolute power disparity, everything was in vain.

Regarding this kind of time bomb-like unstable factor, Li Fan had no solution.

Li Fan was reminded of the large amount of Immortal-Mortal Mist stored in a certain cabin of the Tai Yan Boat.

"If we were in the Land of Immortal Extinction, with thousands of elite warriors, perhaps we could still put up a fight. But alas..." Li Fan quickly suppressed this dangerous idea.

"Let's set a time and meet. This matter should not be stirred up too much." Li Fan spoke.

"Yes, that's what I think too," Yin Yuzhen said.

"They just want us to hand over some Starry Sea Quicksand. Since we have the advantage and have collected enough, we can throw out a portion of it and let them fight amongst themselves. They will surely start fighting each other soon." Li Fan snorted. "There's no unbreakable alliance in this world."

...

Three days later, the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion met with the various forces on Liuli Island and made the following demands:

The Heavenly Treasure Pavilion agreed to hand over a portion of the Starry Sea Quicksand but required the other party to provide equivalent value in goods for the exchange.

At the same time, how the Starry Sea Quicksand would be divided among the families would be decided by each family themselves.

Lastly, it must be ensured that the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion would receive one quota for the Pure Body Spirit Pool.

These conditions were not too demanding, so after some discussion, the two sides quickly reached a reconciliation.

After all, the two sides did not have deep-seated hatred. It was just for the sake of contending for the quota of the Pure Body Spirit Pool.

Thus, after paying the price of dozens of meteorites, the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion successfully extricated itself from this chaotic vortex.

Almost on the same day, the rumors about smuggling on the island disappeared without a trace.

And the other forces, in order to obtain those dozens of meteorites, began to openly and secretly vie with each other, no longer paying attention to the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

Time flew, and the day when the Pure Body Spirit Pool would open was approaching.

After the tally of the materials provided by each family, the quotas for this Pure Body Spirit Pool were finally determined.

There were a total of thirteen quotas for this entry into the pool, and the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion had secured one.

With the major issues settled, Li Fan couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

He only awaited the opening of the Spirit Pool, where he would be able to remove the miasma from his body and officially step onto the path of cultivation! This day, he had been waiting for far too long.

So, even with Li Fan's calm demeanor, he was starting to feel a bit excited.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Mortal

Physical Age: 42/99

Mental Age: 505/1299↑

Virtualization Charging Progress: 121%

Anchor Charging Progress: 51%

Current Anchor Points: 1

Bound Items: "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra," Tai Yan Boat, Stone Tablet of Prohibition (Damaged) Li Fan looked at the interface provided by [Truth]. After two years of cultivation, his physical age's limit had reached 99 years, with no sign of further increase.

As for the limit of his mental age, due to his continuous cultivation of the Cleansing Heart Mantra, it was still slowly increasing.

He wondered what changes would occur after the baptism of the Pure Body Spirit Pool?

Li Fan was looking forward to it.

The day of the Pure Body Spirit Pool opening finally arrived. On this day, guided by a servant, Li Fan ingested the Body Cleansing Pill given to him by Yin Yuzhen and entered the central array of Liuli Island.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 39: The First Lesson of Cultivation


The thirteen individuals entering the central array, apart from Li Fan, were teenagers of around thirteen years old.

They had been given instructions and didn't dare to speak lightly, their eyes filled with excitement and curiosity as they observed their surroundings.

The instant they entered the array, the environment they found themselves in was completely different from Liuli Island.

It was as if they had gone from a bustling city to the depths of the mountains. Lush trees surrounded them, and the air was filled with the sounds of birds and insects.

In the distance, peaks and ranges intertwined, creating a picturesque landscape.

A light breeze passed by, causing rustling sounds that echoed like waves.

Li Fan and the others were standing at the foot of the mountain at this moment.

Looking up, the mountaintop was hidden in thick clouds and mist, completely obscured from view.

The group ascended ancient stone steps, climbing upwards for two hours without stopping.

These teenagers all had impressive constitutions; despite climbing for so long, they didn't even seem to breathe heavily.

As for Li Fan, due to his not-so-young age and lack of recent exercise, he was drenched in sweat and could barely keep up with the group.

Another hour passed, and they finally reached the mountain top.

The mountaintop was only a small clearing, and the group dispersed, already feeling a bit crowded.

This peak was the highest point among the group of mountains, and looking around, all they could see was a vast sea of clouds.

The wind roared, and the sea of clouds churned, occasionally revealing island-like mountaintops.

All these teenagers were born and raised above the ocean, and they had never witnessed such a spectacular sight.

At this moment, they were all staring in awe, lost in their thoughts.

For Li Fan, this view was ordinary. He squinted and looked at the sun in the sky.

They had already been inside the array for most of the day, but the position of the sun hadn't changed at all.

It seemed to be some kind of illusion.

"How's this scenery?" Suddenly, a voice rang out beside the group.

The teenagers were startled at first, but then they immediately reacted.

"We've seen the Immortal Master!" they greeted respectfully, bowing.

Li Fan also followed suit.

The speaker was naturally the Immortal Master who guarded Liuli Island.

He appeared to be around thirty years old, dressed in a green robe.

With a kind expression and a smiling face, he looked very amiable, exuding the image of a kind-hearted person.

Seeing that this Immortal Master didn't seem as frightening as the rumors, one of the teenagers gathered the courage to reply, "The scenery here is excellent, truly befitting of a sacred place for immortals."

"I have never seen such a marvelous sight before; it stirs one's heart," another youth added.

...

Immortal Master He Zhenghao smiled and nodded, saying something that instantly silenced the young people present: "When I first came to Liuli Island, the height of this peak was one of the shortest within this mountain range, far below the clouds."

The young people were stunned by He Zhenghao's words and fell silent for a while. Finally, someone praised, "Immortal Master's supernatural powers are truly unbelievable to be able to raise a mountain like this."

He Zhenghao smiled wryly, "I'm just a humble cultivator in the Foundation Establishment stage. How could I possess such skills?"

The youth who had just flattered blushed instantly, feeling ashamed and lowering his head.

The rest of the people exchanged glances, unsure of the meaning behind Immortal Master He Zhenghao's words.

Li Fan, on the other hand, looked at the countless peaks in the sea of clouds, lost in thought.

"Do you know that the mountains and rivers in the world can gradually grow taller, just like people?" Immortal Master He Zhenghao no longer kept them in suspense and said slowly.

Upon hearing this, the youths were all dumbfounded, their faces filled with disbelief.

"This is truly unbelievable..."

"Is this... true? Could it be that these mountains and rivers are also living beings?"

Although the idea of mountains and rivers growing taller was too astonishing, coming from a high and mighty immortal like Immortal Master He Zhenghao, the youths naturally chose to believe it.

However, their faces turned pale, and they had a hard time accepting it at the moment.

Immortal Master He Zhenghao continued, "Some peaks, although they seem tall, have already reached their limit and can never progress further. Some might be just small mounds now, but they have boundless potential. Who knows, after several years, they might grow into towering peaks that touch the heavens?"

"Just like the Mount Shaowei under our feet; it was inconspicuous at first, but in just a few decades, it has already surpassed many other mountains."

"Of course, most mountains are like the countless peaks below this sea of clouds, always destined to be mere decorations, silently gazing up at the peaks above the clouds."

"If mountains are like this, what about people?"

"Today, you all have the fortune to step into the Pure Body Spirit Pool and rid yourselves of the miasma. Whether you can step onto the path of immortality, or even have the hope of longevity on the great road in the future, it all depends on your individual destiny."

Looking at the bewildered and dazed group of youths, Immortal Master He Zhenghao sighed.

"No matter what happens in the future, give your best today. I've said what needs to be said; now, go!"

"Immortal Master, may I ask where the Pure Body Spirit Pool is located?" Although some of the youths didn't fully understand the meaning behind Immortal Master He Zhenghao's words, they could at least comprehend that they were going to enter the Pure Body Spirit Pool.

After all, they were still young at heart, so they eagerly asked.

"It's right there!" Immortal Master He Zhenghao said calmly.

Following his direction, they saw that the location Immortal Master He Zhenghao was pointing to was not on the mountaintop but at the edge of a cliff thousands of feet high!

"Immortal Master, are you joking?" One of the youths couldn't help but exclaim.

He Zhenghao's expression changed, and with a cold snort, he seemed to make no movement, but the head of that youth suddenly flew high, and his body fell to the ground.

Blood splattered, staining everyone nearby.

This sudden scene stunned all the young people.

Some were scared and wanted to scream, but they covered their mouths tightly, only trembling and pale.

Some were so frightened that their bodies went limp, falling to the ground.

Some immediately knelt down and kowtowed to He Zhenghao, apologizing.

"I'll give you another lesson: in the future, when stepping onto the path of cultivation, having a broad perspective is crucial. Know who you can offend and who you cannot, what words you can say, and what words you cannot. Be careful and considerate. Don't wait until you die to blame me for not warning you today." He Zhenghao, no longer the amiable old man, looked coldly at the group of youths.

Li Fan watched this drama unfold, observing the varying reactions of the young people. He knew that this lesson from Immortal Master He Zhenghao would undoubtedly leave a deep impression on them.

Not to mention these young people, even Li Fan, after listening to He Zhenghao's words, felt like he had gained some insights.

He deeply saluted the Immortal Master, sincerely saying, "Thank you for the lesson."

Then he turned and walked towards the edge of the mountain.

In front of the thousand-foot cliff, without any hesitation or pause, Li Fan, with an unchanged expression, took a step forward.

But instead of falling, the sea of clouds in front seemed to be conscious, rolling and gathering under Li Fan's feet, steadily holding him up.

As he took another step and stabilized himself, Li Fan was carried by the rolling white clouds, flying towards the depths of the sea of clouds.

He Zhenghao watched Li Fan's figure and couldn't help muttering, "Excellent temperament, but unfortunately, too old!"

"What a pity!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 40: Unexpected Gains


The group of youths watched as Li Fan soared into the clouds and suddenly realized, understanding that Immortal Master He's words contained no deception or exaggeration. They felt a sense of shame.

"The first ones to enter the Pure Body Spirit Pool will get more spirit fluid. Hurry, all of you, go!" Immortal Master He's expression softened, addressing the group of young men.

So the youths rushed towards the sea of clouds.

...

Surrounded by dense clouds, Li Fan felt disoriented.

The white clouds around him continued to gather, becoming denser.

In an instant, they condensed into white spirit fluid, enveloping Li Fan.

In the midst of the spirit fluid, Li Fan not only didn't feel suffocated but also experienced incredible warmth and comfort.

It felt like being a fetus in the womb, and Li Fan's mind gradually relaxed completely.

A warm and gentle breath flowed through every inch of his skin, entering through the pores and entering Li Fan's body.

His entire body and soul seemed to be soaked in warm water, almost making Li Fan moan in comfort.

But soon, warmth turned into heat.

Heat turned into scorching heat.

The scorching heat turned into a blazing fire.

Unexpectedly, Li Fan let out a howl.

In that instant, he lost control of his body.

He felt a scorching magma-like flow rampage within and destroy his body, tearing and piercing through every nerve.

This kind of pain was beyond what a human could endure. Li Fan instinctively wanted to summon [Truth], but he managed to endure it.

"Three hundred years of hard pursuit, isn't it for this moment?"

"No matter what, I will never give up."

"I want to cultivate, I want longevity!"

In the midst of excruciating pain, Li Fan's consciousness shattered, but a strong determination supported him, preventing him from collapsing.

The hot stream circulated within his body endlessly, seemingly without end.

With each cycle, the level of destruction and pain deepened.

Eventually, this agony reached a point where words could not describe.

The pain was like knives, chopping Li Fan's soul into pieces and then chopping those pieces again, incessantly and endlessly.

Even with Li Fan's strong will, he gradually lost the power to resist in the face of this level of pain.

Slowly, Li Fan's consciousness began to drift.

His consciousness began to dissipate.

Even at this moment, the perseverance in Li Fan's heart kept him holding on, not activating [Truth].

His consciousness became a nearly blank slate.

Cultivation, longevity, dispelling miasma, spirit pool, Liuli Island, Heavenly Treasure, [Truth]...

All of these thoughts slowly dissipated with the fading of Li Fan's consciousness.

Instinct replaced self, and so Li Fan, since he arrived on Liuli Island, had rarely stopped, tirelessly cultivating the "Mysterious Yellow Heart Purification Mantra." It naturally started running.

Instinct replaced consciousness, and the Cleansing Heart Mantra, which Li Fan had practiced almost non-stop day and night since he came to Liuli Island, naturally ran.

As the Cleansing Heart Mantra ran, Li Fan's consciousness seemed to have a supporting pillar, reconverging and strengthening.

Although he remained in a state of unconsciousness, he gradually became like a reef by the sea, allowing the wind and waves to batter him without falling.

...

In the blink of an eye, three days had passed.

Among the thirteen individuals who entered the Pure Body Spirit Pool, eleven had already come out.

Out of the eleven, only four had successfully rid themselves of the miasma within their bodies, while the remaining seven couldn't endure the intense pain and failed in the purification process.

Apart from the unfortunate individual who had perished, the one person who had yet to emerge was naturally Li Fan.

He Zhenghao sensed the faint and elusive aura within the Pure Body Spirit Pool formation, becoming increasingly astonished.

As the one in charge of the Pure Body Spirit Pool formation, he knew well that purging the Immortal-Mortal Miasma from a mortal's body was an excruciating ordeal.

The Immortal-Mortal Miasma was deeply embedded in a mortal's bloodline, present since their formation in the womb.

As mortals grew, the connection between the miasma and flesh became even more inseparable.

The Pure Body Spirit Pool formation was created by one of the leaders of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the Eastern Extreme Celestial Lord.

It forcefully expelled the miasma from the flesh by completely destroying the body, then reshaped the body through regenerative power.

This cycle continued until all miasma within the body was completely purged.

As one grew older, the miasma intertwined with the flesh made it increasingly difficult to separate them.

More destruction and reshaping were required to completely eliminate the Immortal-Mortal Miasma.

The pain experienced during this process was beyond imagination!

He Zhenghao had presided over the formation on Liuli Island for over fifty years. He had seen all of the individuals who managed to complete the purification. The oldest of them was only thirty-one.

For someone of Li Fan's age, He Zhenghao believed there was no hope of success.

However, Li Fan's performance was completely unexpected.

"This person's determination is simply terrifying. If he can succeed in purifying his body, reaching the Foundation Establishment stage won't be difficult, and perhaps even the Golden Core stage..." He Zhenghao's gaze flickered. "Maybe I should establish a good relationship with him early on."

At this point, He Zhenghao sent the others out of the formation, leaving only Li Fan to wait inside.

Three more days passed, and He Zhenghao, seeing Li Fan still hadn't come out, was speechless with astonishment.

If he couldn't sense Li Fan's stable vital signs within the formation, he would have rushed in.

Currently, there was no way to interrupt the purification formation, so he had to continue waiting.

...

Another three days passed.

He Zhenghao's expression became somewhat unsightly. He didn't know what kind of monster he had encountered, to endure this long in the Pure Body Spirit Pool formation.

Worse still, the materials sustaining the formation were running low.

If the materials were insufficient, the formation would be forcibly terminated, which could lead to unforeseen consequences, possibly undoing all the progress made.

Normally, even if the formation was interrupted at this stage, it would only be Li Fan's misfortune, and it wouldn't be related to He Zhenghao.

But thinking of Li Fan's horrifyingly steadfast determination, He Zhenghao's expression fluctuated.

"Never mind, let it be. Consider this a gamble on this man's extraordinary future!"

After saying this, He Zhenghao used his hand to perform a technique. Items flew out of his storage ring and disappeared into the depths of the sea of clouds.

"Thank goodness I've been quietly reserving some of these materials each time..." He Zhenghao looked at his now almost half-empty storage ring with a hint of regret.

...

Two more days passed, and the roiling sea of clouds gradually calmed.

The white clouds frolicked and escorted Li Fan back to the mountaintop.

He scanned the situation and confirmed that the miasma was completely gone from Li Fan's body. He Zhenghao finally breathed a sigh of relief.

"Congratulations, young friend! From now on, the fetters are gone, and longevity is within reach!" He Zhenghao warmly exclaimed.

Feeling his body in a state he had never experienced before, Li Fan was still adjusting to his new physique.

At this moment, witnessing He Zhenghao's sudden change in attitude, Li Fan felt puzzled.

Although he had removed the Immortal-Mortal Miasma from his body, he was still just an ordinary person who hadn't formally cultivated. He was ultimately just an ordinary mortal.

Why was He Zhenghao being so kind to him?

Li Fan looked at He Zhenghao with a puzzled expression.

He Zhenghao understood and told Li Fan about how he had spent eleven days in the Pure Body Spirit Pool, which was much longer than he knew.

"What? I stayed inside for so long?" Li Fan was truly surprised.

"Yes, young friend, you didn't know, but the materials for this formation were about to run out. I even spent my own resources to add more for you..." He Zhenghao boasted to take credit for himself.

At this moment, Li Fan was deeply shaken.

Not because of He Zhenghao's "selfless dedication," but because he found an additional cultivation technique on the panel of [Truth].

It wasn't the "Cleansing Heart Mantra" he had been practicing all along.

It was the "Venerable Refining Heart Mantra."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 41: Sitting on the Mountain and Reaping the Harvest


After purging the miasma from his body, there was a significant change in Li Fan's attributes.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Mortal

Physical Age: 42/120↑

Mental Age: 505/2053↑

Virtualization Charging Progress: 121%

Anchor Charging Progress: 51%

Current Anchor Points: 1

Bound Items: Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra, Tai Yan Boat, Stone Tablet of Prohibition (Damaged)

The upper limit of his physical age had surpassed one hundred and was still on the rise.

What surprised Li Fan even more was that the upper limit of his mental age had nearly doubled, reaching over two thousand years!

This effect couldn't be solely attributed to the Pure Body Spirit Pool. Could it be because of this inexplicable Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra?

Li Fan was puzzled as to why the Cleansing Heart Mantra had transformed into the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra.

During his time in the Pure Body Spirit Pool, he had almost lost consciousness due to the unbearable pain, making it unclear what had transpired afterwards.

However, it wasn't the time to examine this in detail. Li Fan stabilized his mind and respectfully said to He Zhenghao, "I shall never forget the Immortal Master's kindness. I will surely repay it in the future."

He Zhenghao was waiting for these words from Li Fan, and his tone became even more amiable. "Young friend, there's no need for such words. Cultivation in the immortal path is arduous, and I'm only doing my best to help."

He took out a book and handed it to Li Fan. "After purging the miasma, the next step is to sense the spiritual energy of heaven and earth and guide it into your body. If you can condense the first trace of spiritual energy within your body, it signifies the entry into the Qi Condensation stage. At that point, you can officially be called a cultivator. This book, Five Spiritual Sensing Techniques, summarizes the experiences of past practitioners in sensing spiritual energy. Study it carefully."

He then handed a square-shaped talisman to Li Fan with great solemnity. "This is a Purification Talisman. Before guiding the spiritual energy into your body, you should carry it with you."

Seeing Li Fan put away these two items, He Zhenghao explained, "Although you've purged the miasma from your body, it's not a one-time fix. You're still living in the secular world and need to interact with ordinary people every day. Over time, it's inevitable that you'll be contaminated by the miasma again. This Purification Talisman can help you resist miasma intrusion, but it can only be effective for about five years."

"But with your talent, breaking through to the Qi Condensation stage within five years shouldn't be difficult," He Zhenghao said with a smile.

"After breaking through to the Qi Condensation stage, you can come to the island to find me. By then, I'll take you to the residence of our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance in the Cong Yun Sea, the Ten Thousand Immortals Island. After arriving on the island, you can choose the appropriate technique and continue your cultivation."

He Zhenghao informed Li Fan of the precautions during the process of guiding energy into the body in detail.

Li Fan memorized everything carefully.

After explaining everything, Li Fan politely bid farewell and left.

"Hopefully, I gain something from this investment."

Watching Li Fan's departing figure, He Zhenghao muttered to himself.

Afterwards, He Zhenghao inspected the mountain beneath his feet and shook his head. "The potential of this mountain has been exhausted. It's time to choose a new mountain."

Saying this, he flew to the sea of clouds above, and with a wave of his long sleeves, he collected all the rolling clouds into them.

Looking at the continuous mountain range below, He Zhenghao selected the peak that would have the highest growth in the next century.

The technique He Zhenghao cultivated was called Sitting on the Mountain.

The most significant feature of Sitting on the Mountain was enjoying harvest from the growth of a mountain.

By choosing a peak, sitting on it, operating the technique, and spending several years, one could merge their aura with the mountain. Afterward, for every increase in the height of the mountain, one's cultivation would be reciprocally enhanced accordingly.

On the contrary, if one were to choose poorly and the height of the mountain did not increase afterward, it would be tantamount to wasting more than a decade of cultivation.

Apart from benefiting from the increase in the mountain's height, one could also gain advantages from helping others.

For example, just like the help given to Li Fan. If Li Fan were to break through to the Foundation Building stage in the future, then he would also receive feedback, enhancing his own cultivation.

It wasn't absorbing and stealing the cultivation of the other party but more akin to a rising tide lifting all boats.

The increase in the mountain's height would cause the trees on the mountain to reach higher; the growth of a giant would also inadvertently elevate the people on their shoulders.

Of course, compared to mountains and rivers, the conditions for helping others were not so stringent. One didn't need to bind to a specific individual and could cast a wider net. However, correspondingly, the amount of effort initially invested determined the magnitude of future gains.

So, whenever He Zhenghao encountered promising juniors, he would never hesitate to help them.

...

After leaving the central array on Liuli Island, Li Fan did not disturb others and quietly returned to his home.

After purging the miasma, Li Fan did indeed feel a significant difference from before.

It was as if he had become ten years younger, with greatly improved vision and hearing.

Moreover, he could vaguely sense the ubiquitous pure energy flowing in the heavens and earth.

Is this spiritual energy?

Li Fan rejoiced in his heart.

After guiding the energy into his body, the next step was to become a Qi Condensation cultivator.

Li Fan couldn't wait to start cultivating day and night.

But before that, he needed to examine the inexplicable Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra.

After searching his mind, there was no new way to operate it.

So, Li Fan began to practice according to the cultivation method of the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra.

As soon as he initiated it, Li Fan noticed the difference between the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra and the Cleansing Mantra.

Previously, while practicing the Heart Cleansing Mantra, it often took nearly half an hour to gradually calm down and rid the mind of all other distractions.

But once the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra was cultivated, in just a moment, Li Fan felt his heart becoming clear.

It was as if a huge millstone appeared in his mind, constantly absorbing and crushing distractions, turning them into nourishment to enhance his spiritual sense.

Practicing the Heart Cleansing Mantra for three years, aside from the slight manifestations on his status panel, Li Fan had not noticed any other benefits.

However, practicing the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, Li Fan could clearly feel that his spirit was strengthening every moment.

Although the increase was very small, it was indeed growing!

Li Fan was inexplicably delighted, followed by numerous doubts.

Why did this "Cleansing Heart Mantra," a technique commonly used to remove miasma, turn into this extraordinary "Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra" for himself in the cultivation world? Was this Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra considered a cultivation technique?

With his current understanding of the cultivation world, Li Fan couldn't find an answer.

But Li Fan had a faint feeling that there must be a great secret hidden within.

He secretly vowed to investigate it in the future when the opportunity arose.

...

Just a step away from entering the realm of cultivators and having unexpectedly obtained the miraculous technique "Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra," Li Fan couldn't help feeling a bit elated.

However, not long after, he received a letter.

The message in the letter shattered his sense of self-satisfaction.

Xiao Heng had successfully guided the energy into his body and had already gone to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 42: Immortals and Mortals Can Not Coexist


Term change: Five Spiritual Sensing Techniques > Five Spirit Qi Sensing method

*****

"I have no interest in cultivating to become an immortal."

The expression Xiao Heng had when he said these words was still vivid in Li Fan's memory.

How much time had passed since then? How did Xiao Heng manage to successfully expel the miasma from his body and directly break through to the Foundation Building stage?

Li Fan was filled with shock and confusion.

Li Fan read the letter sent by Xiao Heng repeatedly, then went out to inquire about the situation before reluctantly accepting this reality.

It turned out that although Li Fan had reassured him that the rumors of smuggling to the island were aimed at the Heavenly Treasure Tower, Xiao Heng remained uneasy and sleepless after returning home.

Every time he closed his eyes, he seemed to see the terrifying scene of immortals descending from the sky and slaughtering every one of the refugees on the island.

Xiao Heng was like this for several days.

In deep pain, Xiao Heng finally made up his mind.

To be able to sleep soundly and to become a cultivator, not having to live in fear every day, he seriously began to practice the Cleansing Heart Mantra.

Unexpectedly, when Xiao Heng focused, his progress was indeed astonishing.

With the help of medicines, it took less than a month for him to completely expel the miasma from his body.

Afterwards, he felt the spiritual energy of the heavens and earth intimately wandering around him as if it were alive.

He was deeply captivated by this sight and immersed himself in it.

Feeling as if he had a good night's sleep, he succeeded in guiding the energy into his body.

At first, he was a bit uncertain whether he had truly become the legendary cultivator.

But when he tried to get intimate with a maid at home, he suddenly felt a palpitation and instinctively slapped her to death. After this incident, Xiao Heng finally confirmed that he had indeed become a cultivator.

Immortals and mortals must be separated.

Although he had already become a Qi Condensation cultivator, Xiao Heng was at a loss about what to do next.

So, he went to meet the guardian immortal of Liuli Island.

Unfortunately, at that time, He Zhenghao was busy presiding over the Pure Body Spirit Pool and couldn't break away.

Xiao Heng could only go back home and wait patiently.

After Li Fan left the spirit pool and He Zhenghao finally had some free time, Xiao Heng finally met him.

Upon hearing Xiao Heng's experience, He Zhenghao carefully investigated and confirmed that Xiao Heng was not lying.

He was first overjoyed, then repeatedly slapped his thigh, appearing regretful.

After a while, he cheered up and was eager to take Xiao Heng to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Xiao Heng asked if he could bid farewell to his friends, and He Zhenghao naturally agreed.

Afterwards, Xiao Heng said his farewells to the people leaving the realm, and then left.

As for Li Fan, Xiao Heng originally intended to come.

But he also knew that Li Fan was committed to cultivation and had succeeded in purifying his body after more than three years.

Moreover, he had stated in front of Li Fan not long ago that he had no interest in cultivating. Yet now, in the blink of an eye, he had become a Foundation Building cultivator!

Xiao Heng didn't know how to face Li Fan. Additionally, he was afraid of startling Li Fan, so he just sent a letter.

Xiao Heng was very grateful for Li Fan's help, so he said he would wait for him on Ten Thousand Immortals Island and would definitely repay Li Fan when they met.

"What I have today is all thanks to the protection of you."

"Upon hearing that you had successfully expelled the miasma, I believed that your breakthrough to Foundation Building is imminent."

"Junior will go ahead and await your esteemed arrival on Ten Thousand Immortals Island."

"If, on the day we meet, you have any requests, even if I must die a thousand times, I will not decline."

"Heng respectfully bows again."

...

Li Fan put down Xiao Heng's letter and let out a sigh.

Was this the legendary genius?

Being able to break through to the Foundation Building stage by accident, without any help, just relying on one's own efforts.

He could even feel the intimacy of the spiritual energy of the heavens and earth...

Although Li Fan had long known that people in the cultivation world had varying aptitudes, and he knew that his own talent wasn't high, this feeling of having such a genius around him...

It really made him feel uneasy.

It seems that Xiao Heng's worries were not unfounded. If he had suddenly appeared in front of me just after successfully expelling the miasma, I might have lost my composure.

Li Fan smiled bitterly.

However, it was only a slight loss of composure.

Li Fan knew clearly that his reliance was never on his own talent, but on the countless chances of starting over that ​[Truth] gave him.

With ​[Truth]​ in hand, no matter how talented the individual, he had confidence in crushing them.

It's just that this process might be a bit long and require careful planning from lifetime to lifetime.

The Cleansing Heart Mantra was activated, and Li Fan's chaotic mind gradually calmed.

He opened "Five Spirit Qi Sensing" gifted by He Zhenghao and carefully studied it.

The book recorded that in ancient times, there was a concept of spiritual roots.

Back then, only ordinary people with spiritual roots could cultivate.

There were ordinary spiritual roots of the five elements - gold, wood, water, fire, and earth - as well as unique attributes like thunder, wind, darkness, and others.

For individuals with a single spiritual root, the early stages of cultivation were fast. By focusing on the corresponding elemental techniques, they could easily achieve mastery.

For those with multiple spiritual roots, progress was slower. They needed to balance various attributes, often exhausting their energy without much success. However, if they were blessed with exceptional talent, having multiple spiritual roots allowed them to excel in various areas, often surpassing those with a single spiritual root in the same realm.

However, these were all old challenges from ancient times.

In the ancient cultivation world, they emphasized the unity of heaven and man.

Spiritual roots were gifts from the heavens, and only the fortunate ones blessed by the heavens could feel the laws of the world and had the qualifications to cultivate and ascend to immortality.

However, the population of the mortal world was vast, and those with spiritual roots were still a minority.

For the majority, becoming a cultivator was an elusive dream.

How unfair was this?

Fortunately, in ancient times, there was an Immortal Master who taught a new Dao!

"Five Spirit Qi Sensing" recorded that in those times, the Immortal Master generously taught the path of immortality to countless hopeless ordinary people.

The Immortal Master once said: "If I desire to ascend to immortality, why should I beseech the heavens? If the heavens do not grant it, I will take it for myself!"

A mortal seeking longevity didn't need to achieve harmony with heavens and earth, but instead plunder them!

So, the Immortal Master set out the clear principles and explained his path to everyone.

It was also the path followed in the current cultivation world.

The path to immortality was as follows:

Absorb the spiritual energy of the heavens and the earth to condense Qi;

Consume a Heavenly Treasure to establish the foundation;

Capture a law of the heavens and the earth to refine the Golden Core;

Seize a subworld of the heavens and the earth to form the Nascent Soul;

Extract the marrow of the heavens and the earth to transform the soul;

Slaughter the soul of the heavens and earth to integrate the Dao;

Sacrifice the heavens and earth to achieve immortality!

...

With a thud, the "Five Spirit Qi Sensing" fell to the ground.

Trembling, Li Fan picked it up, unable to hide his awe.

The cultivation method in this world was completely different from what he had anticipated.

In fact...

It was somewhat astonishing.

No wonder, since he encountered cultivators in this world, he had always felt something strange.

It seemed like the heavenly laws of this world held great malevolence towards cultivators.

Whether it was the rule that different cultivation techniques couldn't be cultivated simultaneously, the strange phenomenon of a cultivator's body illuminating the sky for thousands of miles like a broadcast after death, or the peculiar Immortal-Mortal Miasma within a mortal's body that posed significant harm to cultivators.

All these hinted at this fact.

Now, at this moment, after Li Fan had come into contact with the cultivation world, the mystery was finally unraveled.

"Defy the heavens and the earth to achieve eternal life!" Li Fan murmured slowly, exhaling a long breath.

*****

TL Note: The MTL I read initially was pretty bad at translating realm names and the MTL sources I'm editing now are conflicting with each other, so I'm still not entirely sure of my translations of the higher cultivation realms. Tentatively, they'll be Qi Condensation, Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, Nascent Soul, Soul Transformation, Dao Integration, and Immortal God (particularly unsure on this one), but this is subject to change.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 43: Condensing the Roots of Heaven and Earth


TL Note: For some reason my MTL made a serious mistranslation earlier. Xiao Heng is in Qi Condensation, and not Foundation Establishment. The previous chapter has been edited to correct this.

*****

The description of the Dao of immortality in Five Spirit Qi Sensing made Li Fan increasingly horrified as he read on.

Before the Golden Core stage, it was relatively normal: absorbing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, consuming a natural Heavenly Treasure, and capturing a law of heaven and earth.

However, after reaching the Nascent Soul stage, the style gradually became more insane.

Seizing a subworld of heaven and earth, extracting the marrow of heaven and earth, slaughtering the soul of heaven and earth...

And even, ultimately, sacrificing the heavens and earth.

Just reading these words would make one's heart pound with fear.

The heavens gave birth to all living beings.

Practitioners cultivating in this way are essentially opposing and rebelling against the heavens, defying the natural order.

What does this represent? Don't these practitioners know?

However, this method of cultivation advances too quickly.

The book records that since the Immortal Ancestor taught the new Dao, a large number of ordinary people who were originally unable to cultivate became formidable in just a few decades.

Cultivators at various stages, such as the Golden Core, Nascent Soul, and Soul Transformation, emerged one after another like bamboo shoots after a spring rain.

During that time, the cultivation world was truly flourishing, with Golden Cores everywhere and Nascent Souls as common as dogs.

And those who originally adhered to the ancient methods of cultivation, watching their own cultivation being easily surpassed by ordinary people, how many could remain true to themselves and not attempt the Immortal Ancestor's method?

As a result, the traditional way of cultivation gradually declined, and the new method gradually replaced it.

After the popularization of the new method, the prosperity of the cultivation world reached its peak.

Unfortunately, heaven's principles are clear, and prosperity will eventually decline.

Countless cultivators, like wolves and tigers, greedily plundered the resources of heaven and earth without restraint.

Even the increasingly frequent Heavenly Tribulations could not suppress the ever-growing number of cultivators.

So, one day, the counterattack of the heavens arrived.

The heavens and the earth underwent tremendous changes, and a great calamity descended.

Since then, different methods of cultivation cannot be practiced together! The flourishing and developing cultivation world seemed to have suffered a heavy blow.

In order to have a chance of survival, cultivators plunged into endless mutual slaughter.

For a long time, the cultivation world seemed to be declining and decaying.

It took thousands of years for things to gradually stabilize.

Nowadays, cultivators have become accustomed to the malice of the heavens and the earth.

They have summarized their experiences and lessons. After the great calamity, on the barren wasteland of the cultivation realm, they established a new order of cultivation.

...

With the introduction of the current origins of the cultivation world completed, the content in the book now is about the Five Spirit Qi Sensing method.

If an ordinary person, after dispelling the miasma, cannot easily guide the Qi into their body, they can nurture their own "Five Spirits," forcefully absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, and then refine it, breaking through to the Qi Condensation stage.

The so-called "Five Spirits" refers to the five innate emotions inherent to every person.

Greed, fear, rage, hatred, and ego.

These five emotions are hidden within the human heart and are inexhaustible, and ever-present.

The Five Spirit Qi Sensing method utilizes these five emotions as fuel, cultivating the Roots of Heaven and Earth in the dantian.

The Roots of Heaven and Earth connect a cultivator's dantian to heaven and earth. Once formed, cultivators can forcefully absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth through it, converting it for their own use.

Compared to the ancient method of cultivating based on aptitude, the "Five Spirit Qi Sensing" method emphasizes stability.

For those with excellent aptitude, they can cultivate the Roots of Heaven and Earth in just one day and night, stepping onto the path of cultivation.

Even those with no aptitude for cultivation can, through daily perseverance and hard work, form their own Roots of Heaven and Earth within a maximum of ten years.

Having mastered the method of guiding Qi into his body, Li Fan secluded himself in his home and practiced the Five Spirit Qi Sensing method.

Despite mentally preparing himself, Li Fan knew that his path of cultivation might not be as smooth as he hoped.

Yet, day after day went by, and three years had passed, but Li Fan still hadn't successfully refined Qi.

Li Fan was well aware of his innate talent for cultivation. He wasn't a genius, but he certainly wasn't lacking either.

The current situation clearly had another reason behind it.

"The Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra... truly unpredictable," Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sense of helplessness.

The Five Spirit Qi Sensing method required five emotions as fuel to drive the formation of the Roots of Heaven and Earth.

However, Li Fan, while practicing the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, had very little accumulation of these five emotions.

Even if he didn't consciously activate the refinement mantra, it instinctively dissipated the negative emotions in his mind.

It was akin to walking with a heavy burden, which led to Li Fan's slow progress.

Li Fan had also tried to guide the Qi into his body without using the Roots of Heaven and Earth.

However, he obviously didn't possess talent like Xiao Heng.

The spiritual energy outside his body completely ignored him.

Without anyone to guide him, relying solely on his own exploration, Li Fan had no idea how long it would take him to guide the Qi into his body.

So, Li Fan decided to patiently use the "Five Spirit Qi Sensing" method to break through to the Qi Condensation stage.

It might be slow, but it was stable.

Time was the one thing Li Fan had in abundance.

In the beginning, He Zhenghao occasionally sent people to inquire about Li Fan's progress.

However, when Li Fan made little progress for a long time, he stopped sending anyone.

In the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, because of Li Fan and Xiao Heng, despite the absence of Wanhua Chamber of Commerce's backing, the business around the surrounding islands improved.

No one wanted to offend a business that possibly had the background of an Immortal Master, so they tried to avoid conflicts with the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion as much as possible.

Thus, over the three years, the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion expanded its market extensively and flourished.

Yin Yuzhen's confidence soared, and she eagerly planned to return to Night Island to regain control of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion headquarters.

...

Li Fan only occasionally paid attention to external matters.

Most of his energy was focused on cultivating the Roots of Heaven and Earth.

Unfortunately, this matter couldn't be rushed.

Li Fan estimated that barring any unforeseen circumstances, it would take him about two more years to succeed.

He had been cooped up at home for a very long time. One day, Li Fan, feeling restless, decided to go out.

Without alarming anyone, he changed into different clothes, put on a hat, and came to the marketplace of Liuli Island.

Compared to three years ago, it seemed like nothing had changed here.

The sounds of bargaining, calls to attract customers, and playful banter filled the air.

Here, Li Fan felt the long-lost "humanity."

Various thoughts in his mind, like dry saplings, were nourished and sprouted abundantly.

For just this moment, the progress of the Roots of Heaven and Earth was greater than spending three days in solitary meditation at home.

Li Fan suddenly realized.

For ordinary cultivators, seclusion and meditation were necessary because most people were lacking in the fuel needed for the Five Spirits.

Li Fan's situation was special; the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra constantly operated in his mind, and these stray thoughts turned into strong nourishment for his spirit.

However, the Five Spirit Qi Sensing method was obviously not as advanced as the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra and couldn't plunder much. It could only pick up the leftovers.

Li Fan couldn't change this situation at the moment. If he wanted to accelerate the formation of the Roots of Heaven and Earth, he needed to increase the daily stray thoughts that were born in his mind.

Daily seclusion wouldn't work. He needed to be in the world.

Having realized this, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sense of joy.

It seemed that he might not need two years; he might step into the Qi Condensation stage earlier.

...

"Senior Li?" At this moment, a somewhat familiar voice came from behind.

Li Fan turned his head, looked at the person's face, paused for a moment, and then remembered who it was.

It was unexpectedly Zhang Haobo, the captain of the Cangyuan ship, with whom he had a chance encounter before, on Liuli Island.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 44: Advancing to the Qi Condensation Stage


Zhang Haobo looked at Li Fan with a mix of reverence and joy.

He had heard that Elder Li had already purged himself of the miasma and would soon become an immortal, revered in the eyes of many.

At this moment, he was both respectful and fearful.

"So it's you." Li Fan had a relatively good impression of this person and smiled, "It's been several years since we last met. How have you been lately?"

Zhang Haobo did not dare to be disrespectful and honestly replied, "Thanks to Elder Li's blessings, the fleet has been doing quite well in recent years. Especially when Elder Li goes to sea, you always bring back a lot of treasures, which has attracted many young people to join the fleet."

"Our treatment and status on the island have also risen. Many people envy us."

Speaking halfway, Zhang Haobo paused, hesitated, and then continued.

"But... the brothers on the Cangyuan have recently been discussing leaving Liuli Island. I also have this idea."

"Oh?" Li Fan was a little surprised. "Where do you want to go?"

"To be honest with Elder Li, we haven't decided yet," Zhang Haobo said somewhat anxiously.

Li Fan became interested, "Since things are going well, why suddenly have the thought of leaving?"

Zhang Haobo scratched his head, "Speaking of it, it's just... a vague sense of unease."

"Unease? Tell me more about it." Li Fan ordered.

Zhang Haobo was silent for a moment as if organizing his thoughts.

After a while, he looked around, then whispered, "To be honest, we brothers have encountered strange things on the sea recently."

"Like what?"

"In recent voyages, almost every time we cast our nets, we would catch thousands of pounds of fish, full to the brim. Nine out of ten times are like this, and there are all kinds of fish."

"Isn't this a good thing?"

"Indeed it's a good thing, but I've been fishing in the sea for more than ten years, and I've never seen anything like this before," Zhang Haobo's eyes flickered with a hint of doubt and fear.

"It's like all the fish in the entire seabed are fleeing, gathering together."

"Is there more?" Li Fan pondered for a moment and asked.

"We brothers have lived around Liuli Island since we were young and are very familiar with the reefs around the island. But recently, we found that there are more exposed rocks around the island," Zhang Haobo said solemnly.

"You mean... the sea level is dropping?" Li Fan instantly understood.

"In previous years, there have been changes in sea levels, but this year's changes seem a bit unusual. We are a little worried," Zhang Haobo said.

"We reported this to the Liuli Mansion a month ago, but they didn't seem to pay much attention, saying it's just routine changes in sea levels," Zhang Haobo added.

"Another thing that worries us even more. In the past three years, there hasn't been a single storm. Not only around Liuli Island, but the entire Cong Yun Sea has been like this."

"We've communicated with the fleets of various islands, and it's absolutely true. There have been no storms in the Cong Yun Sea for these three years," Zhang Haobo said, afraid that Li Fan wouldn't believe him, and hurriedly continued.

"I don't know what this means, but we remain silent."

"This is too abnormal, something big is definitely about to happen," Zhang Haobo said confidently.

"Perhaps it's just that the weather will be a bit hotter in the future," Li Fan thought for a moment and comforted, "The island has the protection of the island protection formation and the presence of Immortal Master He. Even if there is any trouble, I believe they can handle it."

"Senior Li's words make sense. Many of the brothers on the ship think the same way. But I still have a lingering sense of unease, and I can't let go," Zhang Haobo said with a bitter smile.

"So I've decided to leave, to depart from the Cong Yun Sea." Zhang Haobo's gaze gradually became firm.

Li Fan, seeing this, could only say, "Leaving one's hometown is no easy task; you should think carefully."

Zhang Haobo nodded.

Li Fan fell silent, and after bidding farewell to Zhang Haobo, he strolled in the market for half a day before returning home.

After careful consideration, Zhang Haobo's concerns were not baseless.

Various signs indeed indicated that something unusual might happen in the Cong Yun Sea.

Perhaps a massive storm was silently gathering its strength.

Or maybe a severe drought was subtly taking shape.

However, none of this was a big deal.

After all, Zhang Haobo was just an ordinary person. When a major disaster struck, with no means to protect themselves, they could only leave it to fate.

It was normal to worry and feel fear.

Li Fan had already stepped into the threshold of cultivation. As long as he could break through to the Qi Condensation stage, he could go to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

There, cultivators gathered, and there was no need to worry about these disasters.

In the worst-case scenario, if a disaster occurred that even cultivators couldn't handle, worrying would be useless.

So, what Li Fan needed to do now was to focus on cultivating the Five Spirit Qi Sensing technique.

Furthermore, with regards to the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, he could notify Yin Yuzhen and ask her to prepare in advance.

...

This short episode soon passed, and Li Fan continued to immerse himself in cultivation.

Time passed.

Another year went by.

Half a year ago, Zhang Haobo ultimately chose to leave the Cong Yun Sea with some of the brothers from the Cangyuan. This matter caused a stir on the island, and people began to worry.

However, it had been calm for the past half year, with no signs of any major disaster. So, people began to treat this matter as a joke.

Yin Yuzhen had finally accumulated enough power and returned to Night Island in high spirits. After some twists and turns, she managed to regain the position of the chief executive officer of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

With Night Island stabilized, there were many miscellaneous matters to deal with. To prevent any mischief, Yin Yuzhen could not return for a while. She would send someone to report good news to Li Fan.

He Zhenghao didn't send anyone to visit again. In his view, it took Li Fan nearly four years to draw Qi into his body, and his potential had clearly been exhausted. It wasn't worth his effort to pay much attention.

Xiao Heng would occasionally send letters to inquire about Li Fan's situation. It was said that Xiao Heng progressed rapidly and had now reached the middle Qi Condensation stage.

...

Amidst the bustling world, Li Fan watched as a bystander.

He patiently continued to cultivate.

One day, Li Fan had a realization.

Having accumulated enough Five Elements fuel, the Roots of Heaven and Earth were finally going to take shape!

A phantom appeared in Li Fan's dantian. In an instant, Li Fan felt a subtle yet incredibly close connection between himself and the heavens and earth.

It was like a waterwheel drawing water from the river, irrigating the parched farmland.

Tiny streams of heavenly and earthly spiritual energy flowed into Li Fan's dantian through the Roots of Heaven and Earth, quickly spreading throughout his body.

In the seventh year after he entered the cultivation world, Li Fan finally entered the Qi Condensation stage.

*****

TL Note:

By request, I've opened a Patreon here; for $5, you can read 15 chapters ahead.

As I've opened a Patreon, I'll also be holding myself to a schedule of 7 chapters a week. I have already been trying to follow this, and it's actually been rather easy since I've quite enjoyed this reread, which has been why I've been posting chapters at a pretty quick rate - however, I'll strictly ensure I don't fall below this rate from now on (and I'll still probably post faster anyways). I think it'll actually get easier, since I'm looking forward to the chapters ahead - these first few arcs have all just been somewhat slow setup, and the novel really gets going when Li Fan begins to use the information he's learned and starts to become the scheming mastermind manipulating everything behind the scenes we're all waiting for him to be. Hope you guys will follow me until then, and thanks very much for all the support so far!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 45: Qi Condensation Stage


Upon entering the Qi Condensation stage, Li Fan felt the earth-shaking changes in his body.

The spiritual energy surged and circulated within him, silently improving Li Fan's slightly aging body.

The subtle wrinkles on his face disappeared, and his skin became smooth once again.

Long-lost vitality emerged within Li Fan as if he had returned to his youth, brimming with boundless energy.

He was rejuvenated, and his physique was greatly strengthened.

Most importantly, Li Fan could now manipulate the spiritual energy of the heavens and earth.

He controlled the spiritual energy, transforming it into various shapes.

However, for now, he could only manipulate the spiritual energy based on instinct. To use the spiritual energy more efficiently, he would need corresponding techniques.

After some experimentation, Li Fan dispersed the spiritual energy in his hand and focused on the interface of [Truth].

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Qi Condensation Initial Stage

Physical Age: 47/199

Mental Age: 510/2169↑

After breaking through to the Qi Condensation stage, Li Fan's maximum lifespan reached the limit of 199 years.

The Five Spirit Qi Sensing method mentioned that although the lifespan of cultivators far exceeded that of ordinary people, it was significantly suppressed compared to ancient times.

The maximum lifespan of a Qi Condensation stage cultivator was no more than 200 years.

Even Foundation Establishment stage cultivators could only live for another 100 years at most before nearing the end of their lives.

Only by achieving the Golden Core stage and glimpsing the laws of heaven and earth could their lifespan dramatically increase, reaching around 500-600 years.

In contrast to physical age, there was little increase in mental age.

There was almost no significant change.

After all, Li Fan had already greatly increased his mental age through cultivating the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra previously, so he was not particularly surprised.

Next, Li Fan took out the Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra from the Tai Yan Boat.

He had obtained this Nascent Soul stage technique from Kou Hong a long time ago but had been unable to examine it due to a lack of spiritual awareness.

However, he had been keeping it in mind all this time.

Now that he had finally entered the Qi Condensation stage, Li Fan was eager to know its contents.

"'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra', a Nascent Soul stage technique. Current number of practitioners: 0."

He picked up the jade slip, and the instructions for the technique naturally appeared in his mind.

Li Fan knew that this was also a change that occurred with the advent of the Heavenly Tribulation which banned multiple practitioners of the same cultivation technique.

Sensing the jade slip with his spiritual awareness, countless words and images surged into Li Fan's mind like a tide.

The first time he read the jade slip, Li Fan felt a bit unaccustomed.

He felt like a lot of information had been forcibly stuffed into his brain, causing a slight headache.

Fortunately, his spiritual awareness was much stronger than that of an ordinary Qi Condensation stage cultivator, and he quickly adapted, returning to normal.

He focused his mind and carefully examined this technique.

After a long time, Li Fan finally had a rough understanding of it.

The Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra is a technique practiced by the ancient Tianji Sect.

In ancient times, they emphasized the unity of heaven and man.

The Tianji Sect believed that all things in the heavens and earth, just like humans, had their own thoughts.

These thoughts were difficult to perceive through ordinary means.

However, just as a person's killing intent would permeate the air when they had murderous thoughts, all things in the heavens and earth would also emit a trace of aura from time to time.

When the heavens emitted killing intent, there would be events like the withering of all things or the shifting of stars.

When the earth emitted killing intent, there would be events like vast changes in the sea or the rising of dragons and beasts.

By capturing and refining the various auras of heaven and earth, one could trace back to their origins, resonate with them, and achieve a state of unity.

The Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra was a technique that sensed and refined these auras to use for oneself.

Once the technique was perfected, not only could it utilize the killing intent of the heavens and earth to harm others, but it could also deduce and predict the future by using these auras.

This technique is very powerful, but practicing it is also very dangerous.

The will of heaven and earth is immense, and even a slight aura stirred up by it is thousands of times more than that of a cultivator.

Casual contact with it can easily be injured by the aura itself.

It might even unknowingly assimilate a person, turning them into a puppet of the will of heaven and earth.

Therefore, when practicing this ancient technique, the Tianji Sect would not choose to refine the aura of heaven and earth directly. They would instead seek alternative methods.

They would nurture their own killing intent, extract vitality from living beings, and refine the aura from certain spirits of heaven and earth...

They would gather countless auras, conceal themselves, and thus achieve the goal of confusing the heavenly will and refining the will of heaven and earth.

In theory, when this method is perfected, one can merge with heaven and earth and become one with the Dao.

Unfortunately, this is only a theoretical possibility.

In reality, even with these clever methods, practicing the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" is extremely difficult.

The ancient Tianji Sect, with a heritage of thousands of years, had tens of thousands of cultivators who practiced the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra."

But the highest level attained was only the Nascent Soul realm.

Even back in those days, this was the case. In the present cultivation world, where malicious intent from the heavens and earth was everywhere, higher realms were even less optimistic.

However, Li Fan didn't have to worry too much about the risks of practicing this technique, thanks to the assistance of [Truth].

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan decided not to rush into choosing his main cultivation technique.

He could go to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island first to see the specific situation of the current cultivation world and then make a decision.

So, Li Fan came to the central formation on Liuli Island, intending to visit He Zhenghao.

As soon as he arrived at the formation, he noticed that several servants had been waiting for him for a long time.

Guided by the servants, Li Fan met He Zhenghao again.

At this moment, he was not on the previous towering mountain but instead on a very ordinary small mountain.

In the midst of the surrounding mountains, it was inconspicuous.

He Zhenghao was currently sitting in a small pavilion at the top of the mountain.

"I just noticed some unusual spiritual energy fluctuations on the island and knew that you had made a breakthrough," He Zhenghao said, looking at Li Fan with a pleased expression. "Although it took a bit long, you finally broke through."

"I have to thank Senior for guiding me," Li Fan said politely.

"It was just a small favor." Feeling the slight increase in his cultivation within his body, He Zhenghao smiled and said, "You came to see me to go to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, right?"

"Exactly. I have no worldly concerns, so I can set off at any time," Li Fan nodded.

"Good, in that case, follow me."

He Zhenghao appeared in front of Li Fan with a flash and grabbed his shoulder.

"Don't struggle."

He Zhenghao's voice came into Li Fan's ears, and Li Fan released the protective aura that had spontaneously formed around him.

Led by He Zhenghao, Li Fan rose into the air and flew towards the sky.

The speed was extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, he passed through the sea of clouds and arrived above the mountains.

"Lead!"

He Zhenghao formed a seal with one hand and pointed towards the continuous mountains below.

After a moment, countless peaks in the field shot out white light, converging in front of He Zhenghao to form a huge ball of light.

"Open!"

He Zhenghao pointed upwards.

The ball of light accelerated sharply, following the direction pointed by He Zhenghao, shooting straight up.

In an instant, a beam of light that pierced through heaven and earth was formed.

It slammed into the sun above.

The surface of the sun distorted for a moment, then split into two halves.

In the middle, a portal was formed.

"Let's go!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 46: Tianxuan Mirror


"Hum..."

The roaring sound echoed constantly in his ears, and the scene in front of him was constantly spinning, making it hard to see clearly.

After a while, Li Fan finally recovered from this unusual sensation.

"The first time using a teleportation array is always like this. You'll get used to it," He Zhenghao explained casually.

Li Fan nodded in silence, observing the surroundings.

The current location seemed to be a large square.

At the forefront of the square stood a giant statue.

It depicted an old man with a tall crown and a long beard.

Below the statue, the square was filled with large and small stone statues of all shapes and sizes.

Without exception, all tens of thousands of stone statues in the square were looking up at the old man.

And the teleportation array that Li Fan came out of was in front of one of these stone statues.

"This is the Transmission Square. It was built to commemorate the preaching of the Immortal Ancestor. Each of our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's residences has such a square," He Zhenghao explained.

Thinking of the scene described in Five Spirit Qi Sensing Technique, where the Immortal Ancestor preached and connected with all living beings, Li Fan stared at the statue of the old man for a long time, silently nodding.

"Flight is not prohibited on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, but remember not to exceed the height of the Immortal Ancestor statue. Otherwise, you will be attacked by the Ten Thousand Immortals Formation. Even if you are in the Nascent Soul realm, you may die in an instant," He Zhenghao said solemnly, cautioning Li Fan.

Li Fan's heart trembled, and he remembered it instantly.

"Although flying is not prohibited on the island, I advise you not to fly randomly when there's no need. All the cultivators in the entire Cong Yun Sea gather here, and among them are those in the Golden Core and Nascent Soul realms. If you fly over their heads and provoke them, you might be remembered by them."

"In that case, when you leave Ten Thousand Immortals Island, they might kill you on a whim. There won't be a chance for you to reason with them."

He Zhenghao led Li Fan and, as they walked, quietly explained the precautions on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

As it concerned life and death, Li Fan remembered each one carefully.

After a short walk, the two of them passed through a corridor naturally formed by intertwined vines and arrived at a secluded forest full of greenery.

In the clearing of the forest, there was a huge and ancient mirror placed.

Occasionally, cultivators hurried through the mirror, heading who knows where.

There were also cultivators coming out of the mirror, leaving directly.

"This mirror is our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's Tianxuan Mirror [1]."

"It is said that before the Immortal Ancestor preached, this Tianxuan Mirror was just an ordinary mirror. Later, after the Immortal Ancestor preached, this mirror reflected the Immortal Ancestor's law and unexpectedly gave birth to its own consciousness. It then began to cultivate like a regular cultivator and gradually evolved into its current state."

"Most things for us cultivators in Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance are handled by this Tianxuan Mirror. It is said that this treasure bears grudges. Be careful not to speak carelessly." He Zhenghao cautioned Li Fan in a low voice.

Then, He Zhenghao pulled Li Fan into the mirror.

Inside was a separate space, with no other cultivators in sight.

It was as if they were in the void, surrounded by nothingness and darkness.

"This person is a newly joined cultivator. He has come to Ten Thousand Immortals Island to join our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance," He Zhenghao said, pointing at Li Fan.

"Recommending a cultivator at the Qi Condensation Initial Stage. Categorized as a middle-grade merit, equivalent to 50 contribution points. Current total contribution points: 920." A voice sounded in the space.

He Zhenghao remained composed.

Li Fan was lost in thought.

He Zhenghao received the contribution points, his face showing happiness.

"Now that the young friend is here, I can finally put my mind at ease. If you have any questions, feel free to ask the Tianxuan Mirror. Generally speaking, it will provide you with detailed answers. I still have island guarding duties, so I won't accompany you further."

After saying this, He Zhenghao hurriedly left.

Leaving Li Fan alone in this Tianxuan Mirror.

A flash of light flickered in the darkness around, then extinguished.

"Sensory fluctuations recorded."

"Independent space generated."

"Cultivator, please state your name." A somewhat strange voice sounded.

"Li Fan," Li Fan replied.

"Cultivator Li Fan, welcome to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. As a reward, you will be given 20 contribution points for free. You can use these contribution points to exchange for spirit stones, martial techniques, magical treasures, and more."

"You can obtain contribution points by submitting materials, completing tasks, and trading with others."

"Similarly, if you encounter problems you can't solve, you can spend contribution points to post a reward."

"Your current total contribution points: 20."

"As a newly joined member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, you can reside in the Tianxuan Mirror for free for thirty days. After thirty days, you will need to pay contribution points to continue your stay."

"The accommodation fee is: 10 contribution points for every thirty days."

"Of course, you can also choose to spend contribution points to purchase your own cultivation abode on Ten Thousand Immortals Island."

...

The Tianxuan Mirror tirelessly explained to Li Fan about the daily life in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

"If I can't find success in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, can I choose to leave and join the Five Elders Association?" After listening for a long time, Li Fan suddenly asked.

As if being choked, the Tianxuan Mirror abruptly stopped speaking.

After a moment of silence, the Tianxuan Mirror continued, "Those who have joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cannot join the Five Elders Association, and vice versa."

"If violated, they will be jointly pursued and killed by both parties."

Now it was Li Fan's turn to be silent.

"I haven't agreed to join your Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, have I?"

"Once you enter the Tianxuan Mirror and your consciousness is recorded, you are considered to have voluntarily joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"Can I leave the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, not join the Five Elders Association, and choose to be an independent cultivator?" Li Fan asked again.

The Tianxuan Mirror fell silent again.

After a while, it responded, "Yes. But if you choose to leave, everything you have obtained in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will be forcibly reclaimed. Please decide carefully."

"Can gold and silver be exchanged for contribution points?"

"Yes, you can. Please refer to the exchange list for specific exchange rules."

...

Li Fan asked the Tianxuan Mirror one question after another, tirelessly.

After a long time, he finally stopped.

"I don't have any more questions for now."

"Alright, cultivator. If you have new doubts, feel free to call me at any time. You can also check it yourself through your consciousness."

The space became quiet again.

And with Li Fan's manipulation of his consciousness, this space transformed from the dark void into an ancient room.

The decorations and items inside were almost identical to those in the Imperial Advisor's residence.

Li Fan touched the decorations and items in the room with his hands, almost unable to perceive any difference.

"Tianxuan Mirror, it really is an extraordinary treasure," Li Fan silently said in his heart.

Through the previous questioning, he gained a rough understanding of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Opening the martial arts exchange menu with his consciousness, Li Fan saw that even the simplest martial arts for the Qi Condensation stage required a thousand contribution points.

Then, he opened the task list and filtered out the tasks available for the Qi Condensation Initial Stage. The rewards for these tasks were all five or ten points.

"It really is difficult to cultivate immortality." An inexplicable emotion arose in Li Fan's heart.

"You have a new image transmission, please check it in a timely manner." Just at this moment, the voice of the Tianxuan Mirror sounded again.

*****

[1] Tianxuan Mirror translates roughly to Heaven Abyss Mirror/Heaven Profound Mirror or something like that.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 47: Tianxuan Mirror Enlightenment


Li Fan was a bit surprised. He had just arrived on this Ten Thousand Immortals Island not long ago, and someone was already sending him a video transmission? After opening it, a somewhat familiar figure appeared.

It was Xiao Heng.

At this moment, he looked almost like a different person compared to four or five years ago.

Wearing a white robe, his long hair flowing, he exuded a sense of detachment.

"Brother Li, you're finally here," Xiao Heng said with a smile.

"When I was on the Liuli Island before, I was greatly indebted to your care. I've always been unable to repay it. I left abruptly when I broke through to the Qi Condensation stage that day, and I felt even more guilty."

"Upon arriving on this Ten Thousand Immortals Island, I learned that it's difficult to find cultivation techniques in the current cultivation world. Especially for new members who have just joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, it often takes one or two years to accumulate enough contributions to exchange for Qi Condensation stage cultivation techniques."

"That was the case for me back then. Fortunately, as your strength grows, the ways to gain contribution points will also increase, and the situation will gradually improve."

"Since I started cultivating, I've had many adventures. A year ago, I just broke through to the late Qi Condensation stage, and now I've encountered a bottleneck again. I intend to go to the central region of the Cong Yun Sea, where the remnants of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace lie, to find Heavenly Treasures and achieve Foundation Establishment. These treasures are hard to find. If I go, it may be several years before I can return."

"Before leaving, I left a water-attributed cultivation technique for you. Ten Thousand Immortals Island is located in the Cong Yun Sea, where the water element is the strongest. Cultivating water-attributed techniques here is the easiest, and their power is quite impressive. Brother Li, remember to cultivate diligently, and it's best not to rashly leave the island before reaching the middle Qi Condensation stage."

"When I return, we must have a good drink together!"

...

Xiao Heng's figure gradually disappeared, leaving behind a jade slip.

"Minor Yan Water Technique, a Qi Condensation stage cultivation technique, current number of practitioners: 0."

Li Fan checked and saw that the Minor Yan Water Technique given by Xiao Heng only had the part up to the middle Qi Condensation stage and was not complete.

Even so, the Tianxuan Mirror still required 800 contribution points to exchange for it.

"This kid..." Li Fan felt a warmth in his heart.

When it came down to it, Li Fan hadn't done much for Xiao Heng.

Back then, he just buried Su Changyu and helped him find a slightly better place to stay on Liuli Island.

He also provided the correct information about the Starry Sea Quicksand to Li Fan.

But Xiao Heng had always kept this small favor in his heart, even though his realm of cultivation had far surpassed Li Fan's now.

Looking at it this way, Xiao Heng's character was indeed quite good.

Of course, perhaps part of it was because Xiao Heng thought they were both people from the Land of Immortal Extinction.

Regardless, Li Fan made a mental note of this matter.

He, Li Fan, wasn't one to forget kindness.

Along with the Minor Yan Water Technique, another small jade slip appeared.

It was the Tai Shang Primordial Scripture, something that Li Fan had heard Kou Hong mention a long time ago.

Practicing this technique allowed one to easily dissipate their cultivation and lose minimal progress, making it a must-learn for every cultivator in today's cultivation world.

With both the Minor Yan Water Technique and the 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra' in his possession, supplemented by the 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture', Li Fan quickly made a decision.

Outwardly, he would cultivate the Minor Yan Water Technique to deceive others, while secretly practicing the 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra'.

Of course, it would be best to find a reason to leave Ten Thousand Immortals Island before practicing the 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra'. Although the Tianxuan Mirror might not pay attention to a small Qi Condensation stage cultivator like Li Fan, it was always wise to be careful.

Li Fan had just entered the cultivation world and was ignorant of many things.

He needed to catch up and learn a lot.

Thankfully, all the information related to common knowledge was freely available in the Tianxuan Mirror.

So for several days, Li Fan stayed in the Tianxuan Mirror, eagerly reading the relevant information.

'Atlas of the Cong Yun Sea' described in detail the geography, special products, and history of the various islands in the Cong Yun Sea.

'Treaties for Cultivation' explained some of the things that needed attention before officially practicing a technique after entering the Qi Condensation stage. This included the basic use of spiritual consciousness and manipulation of spiritual energy.

'Techniques, Wealth, Partners, and Homes' introduced the four essential elements for cultivation: cultivation techniques, wealth, spiritual companions, and cultivation abodes. It particularly emphasizes the scarcity and importance of cultivation techniques in today's cultivation world. It sternly warns young cultivators not to casually disclose their cultivation techniques to others, as it could lead to unimaginable calamities.

'Ancient Secrets of Cultivation' narrates, in the first person, the story of an outer disciple of the Great Dao Sect, explaining how they went through various trials to become an inner disciple, core disciple, elder, and ultimately the sect master.

'Tianxuan Mirror Shopping Guide' lists several items worth prioritizing for exchange within the Tianxuan Mirror for cultivators. For example, storage rings, protective garments, and more.

...

Li Fan spent seven or eight days reading all these free books.

Next, he was eager to read books like 'Theory of Formations', 'Introduction to Alchemy', 'Basics of Artifact Refining', 'Treasure Guide of the Cultivation World', but they required a large number of contribution points for exchange.

Li Fan was new and a bit tight on funds, so he had to wait for a while before he could get them.

Taking advantage of the remaining free stay time in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan began to practice the Minor Yan Water Technique.

He already knew the benefits of cultivating in the Tianxuan Mirror.

By spending contribution points, he could activate the auxiliary cultivation mode in the Tianxuan Mirror.

In this mode, the density of spiritual energy in the Tianxuan Mirror would increase several times compared to the outside world, almost comparable to top-tier sanctuaries. Moreover, it could be converted into an endless amount of the corresponding attribute of spiritual energy needed by the cultivator, allowing the cultivator to practice without worrying about insufficient spiritual energy.

Furthermore, the Tianxuan Mirror would grant the cultivators who practiced inside the mirror an enlightenment state. In this state, their comprehension ability would greatly increase, making it easier for them to practice cultivation techniques.

Spending 10 contribution points, Li Fan exchanged for a day of auxiliary cultivation.

With a large influx of spiritual energy, Li Fan started practicing according to the Minor Yan Water Technique.

Soon, he felt the enhancement of his cultivation speed brought about by the Tianxuan Mirror.

The spiritual energy seemed to be compressed and accelerated, spontaneously converging into Li Fan's body.

The cryptic and profound sentences in the Minor Yan Water Technique became clear to him at first sight, and he instantly knew how to practice it.

The spiritual energy followed the initial path of the cultivation technique and seemed as if it had been circulating smoothly countless times before, incredibly smooth.

This "super cultivation state" almost made Li Fan feel as if he was a natural genius.

Practicing had become a kind of enjoyment.

Li Fan immersed himself in it and couldn't extricate himself.

A day passed quickly.

When the time was up, Li Fan suddenly retreated from that incredibly smooth cultivation state.

When he started practicing again, he deeply felt the difference.

The speed of cultivation under the auxiliary cultivation mode was more than thirty times faster than when he practiced on his own!

This profound difference made Li Fan almost unable to resist exchanging for another day.

But looking at the remaining 10 contribution points, Li Fan forced himself to endure it.

"Such a treasure, it should belong to me."

Greed suddenly surged in Li Fan's heart.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 48: Extinct Liuli Fish


Unfortunately, Li Fan could only think about it for now.

The Tianxuan Mirror was the treasure of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, its foundation. It was not something a small Qi Condensation cultivator like Li Fan could covet.

Better to accept missions and earn contribution points more realistically.

Suppressing the greed in his heart, Li Fan clicked on the contribution points mission list.

He filtered out the missions for the early Qi Condensation stage that had little danger.

At a glance, these were all odd jobs and errands, with most of the rewards being just one or two contribution points.

Moreover, they often disappeared after a moment, obviously being taken by others.

After removing the condition of low danger, many new missions appeared.

These tasks often required visiting various islands in the Cong Yun Sea to accomplish something. But because the tasks dealt with mortals, there was no need for combat, and the danger was not too high.

The rewards for these tasks were around five to ten points.

And using the teleportation array of the Ten Thousand Immortals Island also required contribution points, one point per use.

After deducting the two points needed for a round trip, not much of the reward from a mission was left.

Earning enough contribution points to stay in the Tianxuan Mirror and occasionally cultivate was not an easy task.

Although it became easier to earn contribution points as one's strength increased, the contribution points required to activate the auxiliary cultivation mode also increased as the cultivation level rose.

In this way, one had to work hard to earn contribution points.

Furthermore, exchanging for cultivation methods also required a large number of contribution points...

Li Fan suddenly understood why the Tianxuan Mirror had opened up this auxiliary cultivation feature.

For cultivators who had experienced this kind of super cultivation mode, it was hard to refuse in the future.

Moreover, under the premise of spending the same amount of time, opening the auxiliary cultivation mode after accumulating contribution points would be faster in overall cultivation progress than practicing alone.

Cultivation methods, resources, auxiliary cultivation...

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance indeed had a tight grip on cultivators.

Thinking about this, Li Fan looked for tasks that suited him while considering how to earn contribution points.

Earning contribution points was secondary; Li Fan's main purpose was to find an opportunity to go out and take out the Tai Yan Boat hidden in the [Truth].

There were still many gold and silver treasures in the Tai Yan Boat, as well as a Heavenly Treasure: the Stone Tablet of Prohibition.

It was estimated that he could exchange for a lot of contribution points.

As for why he didn't directly release it on the Ten Thousand Immortals Island...

He was not stupid. Doing so would be directly telling others that he had a valuable item on him.

Li Fan believed that every inch of land on the Ten Thousand Immortals Island was within the surveillance range of the Tianxuan Mirror.

If he attracted the attention of the other party, it would be troublesome.

Although the [Truth] could turn reality into an illusion, he still had to think to activate it.

What if a powerful being directly locked his divine sense, making him unable to think?

Then he would be at the mercy of others.

He wouldn't take such a risk, no matter what.

In any case, caution was Li Fan's first principle of action.

...

Just at this moment, Li Fan suddenly saw a few familiar words in a pile of tasks.

"Liuli Island."

He was delighted and immediately accepted the task.

Then he carefully examined the contents of the task.

It turned out that within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the special product, Liuli Beads from Liuli Island, had been exhausted.

And according to the regulations, the next submission would have to wait until six months later.

In urgent need of alchemy materials, the alchemy room issued a commission, recruiting people to go to Liuli Island and fetch at least twenty Liuli Beads.

The reward is determined by the quality and quantity of Liuli Beads.

Li Fan had heard about these Liuli Beads since he arrived on Liuli Island. They were occasionally born within the bodies of Liuli Fish.

However, he didn't know what kind of pill they were used to refine.

But this task was perfect for him.

After spending 5 contribution points to buy the smallest storage ring for cover, Li Fan didn't delay. He left the Tianxuan Mirror and headed straight for the transmission square.

Returning the same way, Li Fan arrived at the statue he had visited before.

By now, Li Fan knew that each of the ten thousand statues on the Transmission Square corresponded to an island in the Cong Yun Sea.

The teleportation array was connected to the guardian arrays of each island.

The stone statue in front of him, symbolizing Liuli Island, was a leaping Liuli Fish.

After deducting one contribution point, Li Fan activated the teleportation array.

This time, the dizziness was indeed much weaker, and soon Li Fan recovered.

"I wonder who this friend is..." The voice of He Zhenghao faintly came.

"Huh? Why is it you?" He Zhenghao looked a bit puzzled when he saw the person clearly.

Li Fan immediately recounted the task he had taken and the matter of coming to get Liuli Beads.

"Liuli Beads, I'll have someone take you to get them," He Zhenghao said, nodding without much concern. "You're adapting quite quickly, going out to do tasks in such a hurry."

"Ah, life forces me to," Li Fan said, pretending to be a bit helpless.

He Zhenghao immediately had a knowing look.

Following the servant to Liuli Mansion, Li Fan met the finance manager in charge.

The finance manager respectfully fell to the ground, and it wasn't known if he recognized Li Fan.

After all, Li Fan had previously been in charge of a fleet on Liuli Island, and he had crossed paths with the finance manager.

However, even if he recognized Li Fan, the finance manager probably would pretend not to.

In any case, in their eyes, a cultivator was a high and mighty existence.

After receiving the order, the finance manager quickly took out all the Liuli Beads stored on the island.

"Reporting to the Immortal Master, there are currently only twenty-three Liuli Beads left on the island. This is all we have been able to collect recently on Liuli Island. If the Immortal Master still needs them, it may take about a year or so." The finance manager said somewhat anxiously.

"Oh? What happened?" Li Fan asked.

"I dare not deceive the Immortal Master. According to the feedback from the island's fishing fleet, it seems that due to overfishing, the encountered groups of Liuli Fish have become fewer and fewer. It may take some time for them to recover naturally before they can be caught again." The finance manager said.

Li Fan nodded upon hearing this.

However, in his mind, Zhang Haobo's words suddenly emerged.

"I understand this matter." Li Fan put the Liuli Beads into the storage ring and didn't return immediately. Instead, he first went to his home.

Entering the house, Li Fan waited for a while, released his divine sense to ensure that He Zhenghao was not secretly watching, and then released the Tai Yan Boat.

Then he quickly transferred the gold and silver as well as the Stone Tablet of Prohibition inside the Tai Yan Boat.

After doing all this, Li Fan returned to the guardian array.

Just as he was about to return directly to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Li Fan heard a voice behind him.

"Young friend, please wait!"

Li Fan's hair stood on end, and he turned around, looking at He Zhenghao with a vigilant gaze.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 49: A Rare Opportunity


He Zhenghao was puzzled and didn't understand why Li Fan had such a reaction.

Fortunately, He Zhenghao didn't dwell on it and looked at Li Fan with a smiling face, saying, "There's no need to be nervous. I just wanted to ask if my young friend is interested in guarding an island?"

"Of course, not this Liuli Island, but the Taian Island to the west of Liuli Island."

"The guardian of Taian Island has a good relationship with me. Currently, he is facing a bottleneck in his cultivation and wants to go out to seek opportunities."

"However, due to his responsibilities, he can't leave on his own. So he asked me if I knew anyone suitable to recommend."

"It's a coincidence that I met you."

He Zhenghao explained.

"To guard an island, at least Foundation Establishment cultivation is needed, right? I've just entered the Qi Condensation stage. Can I really take up this guardian position?" Li Fan asked, somewhat surprised.

In the Cong Yun Sea archipelago, as long as there's a certain valuable specialty product nearby, there will be cultivators guarding it.

The guardianship can range from ten to a hundred years.

Because one has to stay on the island all the time and cannot easily leave, the restrictions are significant, so the rewards are substantial.

Depending on the size and scale of the island, the annual contribution points one can receive range from a few hundred to over a thousand.

Therefore, the job of guarding an island is indeed quite attractive, and it's impossible to do it without certain connections.

Moreover, the guardianship of those rich islands is even more so. Often, they are arranged in advance long before the previous guardian leaves.

"It's not a formal guardian position. It's just that my friend has issued a targeted commission for you to temporarily take over the guardian role for him on Taian Island. Moreover, Taian Island is not a large island, and with the guardian array, a Qi Condensation cultivator is sufficient to take care of it for a while. You don't have to worry, young friend."

"And as the referrer, I will naturally receive a certain reward," He Zhenghao explained warmly to Li Fan.

"During the temporary guardianship, how long can I leave at most?" Li Fan asked again.

"The guardian array generally operates every five days. If you have to leave for something, it's best to return within five days. It's not advisable to leave more than three times within a year."

Thinking Li Fan was worried about delaying his cultivation, He Zhenghao added, "After receiving your contribution points each year, you can exchange for five days of assisted cultivation time in the Tianxuan Mirror. These five days often can be equivalent to half a year of ordinary hard cultivation."

Li Fan knew this was a good thing and agreed immediately.

"But I still have to wait until I return to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island and complete the task," Li Fan said.

"Naturally. Young friend, you go first. When things are ready on Taian Island in a few days, I'll go to the island to find you."

Afterward, Li Fan bid farewell to He Zhenghao and returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

He didn't need to go to the pharmacy; he just needed to hand over the Liuli Beads in the Tianxuan Mirror.

After a while, the pharmacy received the twenty-three Liuli Beads.

Because the quality of these Liuli Beads varied, Li Fan received a reward of 21 contribution points.

Current total contribution points: 26.

"It's too little, only enough for two days of cultivation," Li Fan shook his head.

Taking out the gold and silver from the storage ring, as well as the Stone Tablet of Prohibition, Li Fan requested an exchange of contribution points.

After a moment, the Tianxuan Mirror provided the results.

"Batch of gold and silver: convertible to 235 contribution points."

"Heavenly Treasure: Stone Tablet of Prohibition. Quality: Flawed. Convertible to 1968 contribution points."

Li Fan opened the Tianxuan Mirror's exchange menu and looked for heavenly treasures.

He found that an undamaged heavenly treasure would require at least 4,000 points.

The recycling price provided by the Tianxuan Mirror was directly halved.

It was too much!

Although it had some flaws, it shouldn't directly reduce the price by half.

Li Fan's face twitched, but after thinking about it, he chose to exchange it.

The Tianxuan Mirror didn't provide anonymous trading. To trade with other cultivators, you had to reveal your true identity.

But if a cultivator in the Qi Condensation stage like him took out this foundational treasure without thinking, it would surely attract a lot of attention.

It might bring unnecessary trouble.

Li Fan twitched his face, but when he thought about it, he chose to exchange it directly with the Tianxuan Mirror.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was vast, and there were countless cultivators who had encountered opportunities.

Li Fan, a Qi Condensation cultivator, possessing a heavenly treasure might be extremely rare in the Cong Yun Sea, but in the entire cultivation world, it wasn't such a big deal.

"Confirm exchange."

The gold, silver, and Stone Tablet of Prohibition slowly disappeared, and Li Fan's contribution points reached 2229.

Having suddenly become rich, Li Fan didn't immediately choose to spend extravagantly. Instead, he first consulted the Tianxuan Mirror about his concerns.

"Will there be any disasters in the Cong Yun Sea area soon?"

Li Fan relayed all the various abnormal occurrences that Zhang Haobo had told him to the Tianxuan Mirror.

The Tianxuan Mirror fell into silence.

After a long time, it finally replied.

"Please don't worry, fellow cultivator. These are all normal celestial and terrestrial phenomena. According to the calculations, there won't be any major disasters within the next ten years."

Since the Tianxuan Mirror said so, Li Fan felt relieved.

Afterward, he thought for a moment and searched for information about the Liuli Pill.

The Liuli Pill was an auxiliary pill, commonly used from Qi Condensation to Foundation Establishment stage cultivation.

After consumption, one's mind would be as clear as a crystal, pure and transparent.

It could produce effects similar to "enlightenment," increasing the comprehension of techniques and the speed of cultivation.

Furthermore, the effects could stack with the Tianxuan Mirror's assisted cultivation.

The majority of the cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortals League were constantly traveling outside, accumulating contribution points, and cultivating time was precious.

Thus, the Liuli Pill, which could enhance cultivation efficiency, became even more precious.

The Liuli Pill was very popular among Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment cultivators, and its price fluctuated between five and six contribution points per pill.

Li Fan checked and found that the current price was six points per pill.

"The near-extinction of Liuli Fish for unknown reasons will definitely drive up the price of Liuli Pills." Li Fan thought to himself. Therefore, he spent 2100 contribution points and purchased 350 Liuli Pills from the Tianxuan Mirror all at once.

Afterward, he reported to the Tianxuan Mirror about the near-disappearance of the Liuli fish population on Liuli Island.

The Tianxuan Mirror fell silent, emitting slight fluctuations.

After a while, Li Fan received a reward of 1 contribution point.

This was the Tianxuan Mirror confirming the authenticity of the information.

Yes, providing information to the Tianxuan Mirror could also earn contribution points.

The higher the value of the information, the more rewards one could receive.

Logically speaking, the value of the information Li Fan provided should be more than just 1 contribution point.

Perhaps the Tianxuan Mirror viewed Li Fan's hoarding behavior as somewhat unfavorable, so it only gave him 1 point as a reward.

Li Fan didn't mind.

His purpose had been achieved with this operation.

First, he confirmed that the Tianxuan Mirror was unaware of what happened after he left Ten Thousand Immortals Island. In other words, as long as he left Ten Thousand Immortals Island, he didn't need to worry about the Tianxuan Mirror's prying.

Second, he confirmed that the Tianxuan Mirror indeed had its own will. This was evident from only giving him 1 contribution point, showing its displeasure with Li Fan's behavior.

Third, naturally, it was to seize this opportunity to make a good profit.

The market's response was quite swift.

The price of Liuli Pills suddenly skyrocketed in a short time, surging from 6 points per pill to 9 points per pill.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 50: Taian Fruits


The prices of items sold in the Tianxuan Mirror are not fixed.

The prices are regulated by the Tianxuan Mirror and are directly related to the number of people buying the items.

For example, at this moment, the news of the depletion of Liuli Beads and the temporary halt in Liuli Pill production immediately triggered a frenzy of purchases among some individuals.

Some genuinely needed the Liuli Pill to accelerate their cultivation, but many, like Li Fan, wanted to hoard and make a significant profit.

As a result, the price of Liuli Pills surged from 6 points to 9 points in a short period.

This sudden change in price also caught the attention of those who were unaware.

After some inquiries, they found out about the imminent extinction of Liuli Beads.

These individuals hastily joined the buying frenzy as well.

The price of Liuli Pills continued to rise.

Temporarily reaching an astonishing price of 12 points per pill.

Li Fan thought it was enough and chose to sell all the Liuli Pills he had on hand.

Naturally, he sold them directly to the Tianxuan Mirror.

Due to the high demand, the Tianxuan Mirror's purchase price was not as low as when it bought the Stone Tablet of Prohibition, almost halving the price.

Instead, it was at a "high" price of 10 points per pill.

Li Fan wasn't greedy and readily sold all 350 Liuli Pills he held.

He received 3,500 contribution points, adding to the previous 129 points, bringing Li Fan's total contribution points to an impressive 3,629 points!

After Li Fan made his move, the market's fervor gradually cooled down.

The price of 12 points per pill obviously exceeded the true value of Liuli Pills.

After all, the effectiveness of Liuli Pills was not irreplaceable. There were many other pills with similar functions. The reason Liuli Pills were popular was their low price.

The sudden surge in the price of Liuli Pills was just due to people in the market being stimulated by the sudden news, temporarily losing their rationality.

When everyone calmed down, the price of Liuli Pills returned to a relatively reasonable and stable rate.

8 points contribution per pill.

At this point, Li Fan bought another 100 Liuli Pills for his own cultivation.

He spent 800 points, leaving him with 2,829 points.

Through this series of actions, Li Fan not only increased his contribution points by 600 but also managed to acquire 100 Liuli Pills essentially for free!

600 contribution points were equivalent to the annual savings of an ordinary Qi Condensation cultivator who diligently focused on tasks.

Not to mention the 100 Liuli Pills, which were like hard currency.

Li Fan sighed.

However, his sighs didn't affect the spending speed of Li Fan, the beneficiary of the situation.

"Theory of Formations," "Introduction to Alchemy," "Basics of Artifact Refining," "Treasure Guide of the Cultivation World," and other books, whether useful or not, Li Fan bought them without hesitation.

Body-protecting garments, Hidden Qi Talismans, basic composite formations, starter alchemy sets, and other commonly used items by cultivators, Li Fan bought them all generously.

As the storage ring gradually filled up, and as his contribution points rapidly decreased to 346 points, Li Fan wasn't the least bit distressed. After finishing his spending, he swallowed a Liuli Pill, activated the auxiliary cultivation mode, and began practicing the Minor Yan Water Technique.

The abundant water-attributed spiritual energy surged out, and Li Fan once again experienced what it was like to have a genius cultivation speed.

The auxiliary cultivation mode of the Tianxuan Mirror, combined with the effect of the Liuli Pill, made Li Fan's progress in cultivation incredibly rapid.

In just two days, Li Fan broke through to the early Qi Condensation stage. Following that, in three more days, he successfully cultivated Minor Yan Water Technique to the mid Qi Condensation stage.

No bottlenecks, everything flowed smoothly, and Li Fan was thoroughly enjoying the process!

Li Fan was deeply immersed in this form of cultivation. So, when the later stages of Minor Yan Water Technique were missing and the cultivation automatically stopped after reaching the mid Qi Condensation stage, he felt profoundly disappointed and empty.

Fortunately, the mid Qi Condensation part of Minor Yan Water Technique was priced at 600 contribution points, which helped calm Li Fan down a bit.

As he pondered whether to sell some Liuli Pills to acquire the following techniques, he received a visit request from He Zhenghao.

After considering it, Li Fan put on the Hidden Qi Talisman he had just bought and allowed He Zhenghao to enter.

As soon as He Zhenghao saw Li Fan, he said excitedly, "I've already arranged things for guarding Taian Island. Next, I'll take you to meet him and accept the commission."

After that, He Zhenghao handed a spiritual talisman to Li Fan and said, "Wear this on you. Remember, when we meet later, say as little as possible and leave everything to me."

Li Fan took a look at the talisman and couldn't help but grimace.

If he hadn't bought an identical one not long ago, he would have had trouble recognizing what it was.

This talisman was called the False Authority Talisman, and its effect was the opposite of a concealment talisman.

While a concealment talisman hid one's cultivation level, the False Authority Talisman was used to disguise oneself as a cultivator of a higher realm.

He Zhenghao gave Li Fan this False Authority Talisman to make him appear as a Foundation Establishment cultivator!

Indeed, the claim that a Qi Condensation cultivator was adequate to guard an island was just a ploy to deceive Li Fan.

He Zhenghao had planned all along to have Li Fan masquerade as a Foundation Establishment cultivator and take on the commission to guard Taian Island, thereby earning the price difference!

It was worth noting that the cost of hiring a Foundation Establishment cultivator and a Qi Condensation cultivator was vastly different in terms of contribution points.

He Zhenghao didn't notice Li Fan's expression and cheerfully introduced the guardian of Taian Island, Zhou Qingang, to Li Fan.

Li Fan couldn't expose He Zhenghao's plan, so he could only smile and greet Zhou Qingang reluctantly.

This person must not be closely associated with! Li Fan glanced at He Zhenghao, who had a smiling face and silently criticized.

Zhou Qingang looked at Li Fan and seemed quite satisfied.

Immediately, he directly issued a specific commission to He Zhenghao.

After accepting the commission, He Zhenghao turned to Li Fan and issued a commission to him.

"During Zhou Qingang's search for opportunities, substitute for him in guarding Taian Island. Reward: 800 contribution points per year."

Fortunately, He Zhenghao didn't skimp too much on the reward. At this point, Li Fan had no choice but to accept this task.

Zhou Qingang handed a jade token to He Zhenghao, then left in a hurry to seek his own breakthrough opportunities.

Seeing this, He Zhenghao breathed a sigh of relief and handed the token to Li Fan, saying solemnly, "This is the guardian token of Taian Island. With this, you can control the island's protective array. Please take good care of it and don't lose it."

Li Fan accepted the token, and then the two of them used a teleportation array to arrive at Taian Island.

Taian Island was not as grand as Liuli Island, with its thousands of peaks. Taian Island looked more like a bustling city.

What set it apart was that the residents of the city were all fruits with human faces.

These fruits lived and worked in this formation-defended city, just like real people.

They would live out their entire lives.

"This is the specialty of Taian Island, the Taian Fruits," He Zhenghao explained to Li Fan as they strolled through the city, pointing to the bustling "crowd."

"When these fruit-like people die, it means the Taian Fruits have ripened. Consuming a ripe Taian Fruit can add five years to the lifespan of a cultivator in the Foundation Establishment stage or below."

"It only has an effect the first time a person consumes it," He Zhenghao regretfully added.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 51: Fruit Harvesting


"The stipulated annual amount of Taian Fruits to be submitted is thirty pieces. Any extras can be kept for yourself, consider it a perk for serving as a guardian."

"On average, you can save about two Taian Fruits per year. In the Tianxuan Mirror, the price of Taian Fruits generally ranges from 90 to 100 contribution points."

"So all in all, the compensation for acting as the guardian is indeed not low," He Zhenghao explained to Li Fan with a chuckle.

Li Fan nodded. Although He Zhenghao used some tricks, what he said was not untrue.

On Ten Thousand Immortals Island, earning a thousand contribution points per year at the Qi Condensation stage was definitely quite rare.

He Zhenghao enjoyed the benefits while Li Fan got a little share of the pie.

"I appreciate your help, Senior," Li Fan said, clasping his hands in gratitude.

"No need to be so formal. You were born on the island I'm guarding, and it's only right that I guide you. As long as you advance in your cultivation in the future, my efforts won't be in vain..." He Zhenghao was speaking when suddenly he stopped.

He made a soft exclamation and looked at Li Fan with a slightly surprised tone, "You've advanced to the mid Qi Condensation stage?"

Li Fan was startled; he hadn't expected that even with a Hidden Qi Talisman, the other party could still tell.

He nodded and openly admitted, "Yes. I have a close relationship with Xiao Heng. Before he left, he left behind a water attribute technique for me. The technique suits me well, and my progress in cultivation has been rapid. I just broke through a few days ago."

"Hehe, you're quite cautious. If it weren't for my unique technique, I might not have noticed. You used a Hidden Qi Talisman?" He Zhenghao asked.

Li Fan nodded.

"It's understandable. Caution is never a bad thing, especially in the cultivation world where there are many with ill intentions..." He Zhenghao was speaking when he suddenly noticed that Li Fan was giving him a peculiar look. He quickly laughed it off and changed the topic, "I didn't expect you to have such a good relationship with Xiao Heng, and he even left a technique for you."

"Xiao Heng is indeed a rare talent, practicing for only a few years, and he's about to reach Foundation Establishment. His future is limitless!" Obviously, He Zhenghao had been paying attention to Xiao Heng, and at this moment, he spoke with a mix of emotion and envy.

"Reaching the Golden Core stage and even the Nascent Soul stage in the future is not impossible. Your close relationship with him is truly a blessing," He Zhenghao continued, sounding increasingly enthusiastic.

"It's a fortunate encounter to meet a senior like you as well," Li Fan praised casually.

He Zhenghao heard this and burst into hearty laughter, quite pleased.

At this moment, he paused, turned to look in a certain direction in the city, and said, "Coincidentally, a Taian Fruit has ripened now. I'll demonstrate to you, young friend, how to pick a Taian Fruit."

Li Fan nodded and followed He Zhenghao to a house.

Even before entering the courtyard, they could hear cries.

When they went inside, Li Fan saw a dozen or so human-faced fruits kneeling on the ground, dressed in white, wearing mourning clothes.

In the center of the room was a coffin-like structure with a human-faced fruit lying in it, appearing as if asleep.

The fruit had its eyes closed, a crooked mouth, and a slightly eerie smile, remaining completely still.

None of the human-faced fruits in the house noticed the arrival of Li Fan and He Zhenghao. They were grieving for their departed loved ones.

The scene in the room looked somewhat absurd and terrifying.

Li Fan got closer, and a strange fragrance wafted from the coffin.

He Zhenghao came to the side of the coffin, chanting words and gently tapping the center of the human-faced fruit inside.

A soft light enveloped it, and the human-faced fruit slowly floated up from the coffin, hovering in the air.

Then it shrank slowly, turning into a small, bright red fruit.

As the Taian Fruit took shape, the fruit-faced entities dressed in mourning robes suddenly quieted down.

Their white mourning clothes gradually disappeared, and their grieving expressions transformed into confusion.

They looked around blankly for a moment, and then, in silence, these fruit-faced entities dissipated.

"How was it?" He Zhenghao handed the Taian Fruit to Li Fan.

"Quite peculiar." Li Fan found the scene of picking the Taian Fruit a bit eerie, and he answered reluctantly.

Li Fan held the Taian Fruit in his hand and observed it carefully.

The fruit resembled an apple in shape, but its color was even more vibrant red, almost dazzling.

And a continuous fragrance kept emanating from the Taian Fruit.

This fragrance seemed to penetrate deep into the soul. Li Fan involuntarily swallowed when he smelled it.

"Young friend, you haven't tasted the Taian Fruit before, right? Why not try it?" He Zhenghao suggested.

"Items that increase one's lifespan naturally hold great allure for cultivators like us. The longer the duration, the greater the temptation," He Zhenghao said with a smiling expression, seeing Li Fan's hesitation.

Indeed, the effect of the fragrance seemed to accumulate. With Li Fan's indecision, the fragrance became increasingly intense.

Under the influence of the fragrance, a sense of hunger welled up from deep within.

So, after a while, Li Fan hesitated no more and swallowed the Taian Fruit in one go.

The hunger instantly disappeared. Even though it was just a small fruit, Li Fan belched as if he had just finished a large meal.

Li Fan checked his [Truth] panel and saw that the upper limit of his physical age had increased by 5 years.

Smacking his lips, Li Fan reminisced about the taste of the Taian Fruit. "This miraculous item that increases one's lifespan, it's truly extraordinary. It just looks a bit strange, resembling a person and making one nervous."

He Zhenghao responded with a smile, "The Taian Fruit is indeed derived from humans, hence the resemblance."

Li Fan's expression froze.

Suppressing the churning sensation in his stomach, Li Fan asked in horror, "Are all the Taian Fruits in this city real people?"

He Zhenghao wasn't too concerned about Li Fan's reaction.

However, considering Li Fan had only recently entered the cultivation world, he could understand, so he continued to explain, "Strictly speaking, Taian Fruit is a type of fruit, not a human being."

Li Fan breathed a sigh of relief at hearing this but still had reservations, "What do you mean by derived from humans?"

"This goes back to the origin of the Taian Fruit," He Zhenghao said, leading Li Fan back to the city above as he spoke.

"Five hundred years ago, Taian Island was just a very ordinary island. The surrounding area had no valuable special products, and the island had only a few thousand ordinary people living there."

"Such small islands are numerous in the Cong Yun Sea."

"But one day, everything suddenly changed."

"First, the ordinary people on the surrounding islands noticed that they hadn't seen any residents of Taian Island for a long time. Occasionally, merchants from the island used to come and go, but they hadn't seen them for over a year."

"Driven by curiosity, some people sailed to Taian Island to find out what was going on."

"But unexpectedly, several waves of people who went there never returned."

"Realizing something was wrong, the people quickly reported this to the guardian of the island at the time."

"At that time, the guardian was already a Golden Core cultivator. Even so, upon seeing what had happened on Taian Island, he fell into deep fear."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 52: Guarding Taian Island


"The ordinary people on the island had all disappeared. The city where they once gathered had now become a forest of lush trees, resembling a primitive forest."

"On the branches of those trees hang numerous Taian Fruits."

"When a gentle breeze passes by, the fruit's human faces reveal an eerie smile."

As He Zhenghao narrated, Li Fan felt as if he could see countless human faces smiling at him.

Thinking about how he had just eaten one of these fruits, Li Fan involuntarily felt a shiver down his spine.

He Zhenghao continued speaking.

"The Golden Core guardian, after recovering from his shock, went down to investigate the city."

"There wasn't a single ordinary person left on the entire island; they had all turned into smiling fruit. However, the Golden Core guardian couldn't figure out why this bizarre event had occurred. So, he had no choice but to report it."

"The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance sent someone to investigate, but no one knows what the specific results were. However, all the trees in the city were later cut down, and the city was restored to its original appearance. The human-faced fruits acted as if nothing had happened, continuing to live in the city in the same way."

"Generation after generation, they've reproduced until now. The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has also constructed a great formation here, and dedicated individuals guard and harvest the fruits."

Upon hearing this, Li Fan couldn't help but say, "In this case, aren't these Taian Fruits essentially human?"

He Zhenghao shook his head, saying, "How can they be human? They have no consciousness of their own and act solely on instinct. At most, they retain some remnants of human desires."

Li Fan pondered for a moment and ultimately didn't argue.

This matter was too extraordinary, and he didn't know how to categorize these Taian Fruits.

However, once the effect of prolonging one's life was discovered by cultivators, these details became unimportant.

Not to mention these Taian Fruits, even if they were genuine ordinary humans, if consuming them extended one's lifespan, they couldn't escape the fate of being consumed.

Li Fan fell into contemplation.

He Zhenghao also seemed to recall something and fell into silence.

After a long while, the two of them finally snapped back to reality.

Next, He Zhenghao briefed Li Fan on some matters to pay attention to regarding guarding the island.

Li Fan remembered them all.

"The great formation covers the entire island, and each operation of the formation extracts a trace of spiritual energy from the ordinary people within it."

"The amount extracted is very small and won't have any significant impact on ordinary people. However, when these traces of spiritual energy gather and accumulate, the quantity becomes considerable."

"This energy, after conversion, can enhance the density of spiritual energy within the formation."

"Hence, while cultivating within this island protection formation isn't as efficient as using the assistance cultivation mode in the Tianxuan Mirror, it's still considerably faster than regular cultivation outside."

Finally, He Zhenghao smugly revealed a secret known only to those who had served as island guardians.

After some more advice and telling Li Fan to contact him if he had any questions, He Zhenghao left contentedly.

With the island guardian token in hand and the array's enhancement, Li Fan's consciousness enveloped the entire island.

The ordinary people on the island and the Taian Fruits in the central core formation were all busy living their lives.

After observing for a long time, Li Fan sighed.

"Harvest the essence of the world to serve one's cultivation."

If possible, Li Fan naturally wanted to do something. Unfortunately, he was currently just a small Qi Condensation stage cultivator.

Currently, the only thing he could do was to work hard in his cultivation.

Li Fan suppressed various thoughts in his mind.

From then on, Li Fan stationed himself on Taian Island.

It had to be said that being an island guardian was relatively relaxed.

The ordinary people on the island wouldn't disturb the Immortal Master for trivial matters.

The only thing Li Fan needed to do was to check the island protection formation from time to time and harvest the ripe Taian Fruits, among other such trivial tasks.

During the rest of the time, Li Fan had his own discretion.

Li Fan wholeheartedly devoted himself to diligent cultivation.

'A Hundred Techniques of Spiritual Qi Usage,' 'Basic Understanding of Spells,' 'Surefire Secrets of Winning Duels - Strike First and Be Strong,' 'Victory Is in Being Swift,'...

Starting with this fundamental cultivation knowledge, Li Fan gradually grasped some simple minor spells.

Techniques like breath-holding, feigning death, flight, and temporary strengthening, among others.

While learning, Li Fan couldn't help but marvel at how the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance held monopolies on knowledge.

These techniques were the knowledge he bought from the Tianxuan Mirror, and using them for personal learning posed no problem.

But teaching them to others after learning them was not allowed.

Unless your strength surpassed the Tianxuan Mirror and naturally could decipher the restrictions embedded within.

Li Fan didn't know the specific strength of the Tianxuan Mirror.

However, judging by common sense, it should be at least not below a Soul Transformation stage cultivator.

The might of a Soul Transformation cultivator was far beyond what Li Fan could speculate at present.

So, even if he was dissatisfied, he could only accept the reality for the time being.

After finishing these books, Li Fan started attempting to read about alchemy, artifact forging, formations, and related topics.

Compared to the previous section on spells, these contents were much more complicated.

It was a vast and complex field, and Li Fan didn't know where to start.

Just reading through the basics of alchemy in 'Introduction to Alchemy,' which included the harvesting of various herbs and their effects as well as identification and analysis, took Li Fan a full ten days.

Not to mention what came after: choosing and controlling the alchemical fire, furnace control, and alchemy practice. Li Fan estimated it would be impossible for him to fully read through all this in less than a year.

Knowing that learning these skills often required being guided by a master, after some hesitation, Li Fan finally chose to temporarily give up.

So, he temporarily set aside distracting thoughts and started practicing 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra.'

This ancient technique from the Tianji Sect was truly obscure and difficult to comprehend. It was entirely different from the 'Minor Yan Water Technique' that Li Fan had practiced before, not belonging to the same system at all.

Even with the assistance of Liuli Pills to enhance his comprehension, Li Fan still spent nearly half a year just to barely grasp the basics.

The hardship made Li Fan contemplate going to the Tianxuan Mirror and practicing 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra' in the super-assisted cultivation mode.

But in the end, he suppressed this thought.

Ultimately, Li Fan couldn't let go of his concerns about the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Judging from their way of doing things, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was clearly not a benevolent group.

If he aroused the interest of the Tianxuan Mirror and exposed the Nascent Soul technique, it wouldn't be much of an issue. But if the existence of [Truth] was exposed, that would be a genuine disaster.

So, Li Fan chose to cultivate slowly, despite his numerous frustrations.

And so, a year passed.

Li Fan returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island and received the reward for acting as the temporary guardian, 800 contribution points. He then exchanged these points for the later stages of 'Minor Yan Water Technique.'

After practicing for five days in the assisted cultivation mode of the Tianxuan Mirror, he reluctantly returned to Taian Island.

Five days of rapid cultivation made Li Fan faintly feel that he was not far from the later stages of Qi Condensation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 53: Disaster for Cultivators


On Taian Island, within the protective array.

"A bottleneck? Heavenly tribulation?" Li Fan browsed through the purchased "Miscellaneous Records of Cultivation," his brows slightly furrowed.

Since returning from Ten Thousand Immortals Island a few days ago, he hadn't stopped his cultivation for a moment. He had initially thought of seizing the opportunity to break through to the later stages of Qi Condensation.

But even though he had clearly felt that he was close to a breakthrough, no matter how hard Li Fan cultivated, he always felt like he was just a tiny bit short. It was as if this tiny difference was an insurmountable chasm.

After perusing the "Miscellaneous Records of Cultivation," Li Fan finally confirmed that he had encountered a bottleneck.

During ancient times, there were mentions of cultivation bottlenecks. These were points in the cultivation process where progress seemed to halt.

In today's cultivation world, these bottlenecks had an even greater impact on cultivators. Starting from the middle stages of Qi Condensation, every cultivator would inevitably encounter bottlenecks when advancing through various stages.

Breaking through these bottlenecks was not only about hard work. It required finding an opportunity that resonated with one's current cultivation, allowing them to break through successfully.

These opportunities could be as simple as seeing a painting, drinking tea, sudden enlightenment, or flashes of insight during life-and-death struggles. It could also be something someone casually mentioned or the careful guidance of a senior.

In essence, these opportunities were unpredictable and could only be perceived through fate.

These bottlenecks significantly slowed down a cultivator's progress, as if a heavenly disaster had descended to obstruct their cultivation path. For this reason, cultivators referred to it as a heavenly tribulation.

Now, this heavenly tribulation had descended upon Li Fan.

His plan to break through quickly had fallen apart due to this obstacle.

Sitting in the protective array for several days, Li Fan hadn't sensed any opportunities to break through.

Knowing that he couldn't rush this process, he didn't feel anxious. He temporarily set aside the cultivation of the Minor Yan Water Technique and started practicing Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra.

Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra consisted of five layers, corresponding to the five major realms of ancient times: Innate, Qi Condensation, Foundation Building, Core Formation, and Nascent Soul.

The Innate realm was a unique existence in some ancient sects' cultivation methods during ancient times. It focused on cleansing the impurities acquired after birth to return to a state of innate purity. According to these sects, starting cultivation from the Innate realm would make it easier to comprehend the heavenly Dao, allowing for faster and higher cultivation progress.

However, with the advent of new cultivation methods that emphasized expedited cultivation, few people practiced the Innate realm.

Despite this, the foundation of the Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra was in the Innate realm.

So, what Li Fan needed to do was use Qi Condensation to replace the Innate realm, completing the first layer of cultivation.

Normally, substituting a higher realm for a lower one would be smooth, but in this case, the differences between ancient and contemporary cultivation systems posed difficulties.

Moreover, Li Fan had only been practicing for a few years and had a limited knowledge base. This was why it had taken him a considerable amount of time to just grasp the basics, despite the help of the Liuli Pills.

He persisted in his studies despite the difficulties, one word at a time, and contemplated the insights.

According to the description of the Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra, after successfully cultivating the second layer corresponding to Qi Condensation, one would be able to master the divine ability of "Discerning Variations".

"Discerning Variations" was the ability to distinguish and sense the various auras of heaven and earth.

This was also the foundation of the Thousand Mechanisms Jade Huan Golden Chapter. Only by first distinguishing and sensing these auras could they be captured and refined afterwards.

The difficulty of practicing the second layer was even more difficult than Li Fan had imagined. If the Minor Yan Water Technique was simple and clear in telling you how to cultivate without a single shred of nonsense, the Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra was intentionally obscure and esoteric, leaving the reader to puzzle things out themselves. Not only that, random ideas and dated analogies of the ancient cultivation world randomly intruded.

With this unreasonably dense and incomprehensible text, Li Fan was quite frustrated. Fortunately, Li Fan was not a person who gave up lightly. Even if it was difficult, Li Fan was patient and slowly studied word by word.

A year passed by in his diligent cultivation.

His progress in Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra had been minimal.

Li Fan didn't despair. When he went to Ten Thousand Immortals Island to collect his guardian compensation for the second time, he exchanged his 800 contribution points and five mature Taian fruits, which he had saved for two years, for some insights into ancient cultivation techniques.

He then used the enhanced cultivation mode of the Tianxuan Mirror to read these insights without actually practicing the techniques. He compared them to his own experiences from the past year.

This process allowed him to clarify many doubts and questions he couldn't understand before.

He was overjoyed at some points, and now he felt he had finally understood some of the most confusing parts.

Five days passed quickly.

Having gained insights, Li Fan hurried back to Taian Island and resumed his seclusion. This time, he found that his cultivation was remarkably different from before.

The obscure aspects of the cultivation technique had become clear, and there were no more hindrances.

Li Fan soon immersed himself in his cultivation.

Time passed unnoticed during his practice.

One day, a golden mist of spiritual energy, entirely different from the water element, suddenly appeared in Li Fan's dantian.

Li Fan opened his eyes abruptly, revealing a look of delight.

"I've finally mastered the second layer of Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra! Li Fan breathed a sigh of relief.

Stretching his somewhat stiff body, he looked at the time, feeling somewhat dazed.

He hadn't expected that this seclusion would last a full year.

However, in Li Fan's perception, it felt like he had only slept for a short while.

Nonetheless, hard work always bore fruit.

Li Fan's eyes lit up as he gathered the golden spiritual energy in his eyes, activating the "Discern Variations" ability.

"Let me see what the so-called heaven and earthly auras are like." Li Fan was excited to test his newfound power.

He looked towards Taian Island.

What he saw, however, sent shivers down his spine.

A dense, black aura, like a thick layer of dark clouds, shrouded the entire Taian Island.

The oppressive death aura made the island look like the underworld, even in broad daylight.

Li Fan dispelled the technique, and then used it again.

After several repeated attempts, Li Fan could only confirm that he wasn't seeing things.

"How could this be?" Li Fan was filled with disbelief.

Suddenly, he seemed to remember something and quickly cast the Discern Variations technique to examine himself.

In the reflection, the accumulation of death aura on his head was hundreds of times denser than that on the island's ordinary people!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 54: The Scheme of Heaven and Earth


"What's going on?"

In shock, Li Fan's Discern Variations Technique shattered.

His mind was in chaos, a whirlwind of thoughts.

After a while, Li Fan slowly regained his composure.

"Could there be something wrong with this Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra?"

His immediate reaction was that there might be an issue with this cultivation technique.

The so-called "discerning variations" might no longer be applicable in the changed world of cultivation after the earth-shattering events of the past.

After all, Li Fan was currently within the island defense array of Taian Island.

Taian Island was located in the central area of the Cong Yun Sea, within the sphere of influence of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

It had been safe and peaceful before, so how could disaster suddenly loom upon closing the gate?

However, sensing the dense death energy around him, Li Fan couldn't convince himself that it was that simple.

The unease in his heart grew stronger.

Making a quick decision, regardless of whether it was true or false, he decided to head to Ten Thousand Immortals Island to avoid any potential disaster.

So, he immediately tried to activate the teleportation array to go to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

But what made him frown was that the teleportation array didn't respond!

Li Fan's face darkened.

He took out the communication charm that He Zhenghao had given him, attempting to contact He Zhenghao.

After channeling spiritual energy, there was still no response!

The situation was becoming clear. Something indeed strange had happened.

Staying on Taian Island would be a dead end. He couldn't just sit and wait for disaster to strike!

Li Fan summoned the Tai Yan Boat, took out "Atlas of the Cong Yun Sea," and prepared to personally navigate the flying boat.

The original spirit stones powering the Tai Yan Boat were almost depleted, but fortunately, Li Fan acquired many spirit stones during his extravagant shopping spree.

Li Fan estimated that it would take about two to three months to fly from Taian Island to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

The spirit stones would definitely be enough.

At this point, Li Fan no longer cared about the task of guarding the island. He directly steered the flying boat, preparing to leave.

Just as the Tai Yan Boat was about to fly out of the island defense array, Li Fan suddenly sensed an endless murderous intent from the outside.

Like countless sharp swords, it pervaded the heavens and the earth.

Li Fan's heart skipped a beat, and he immediately halted the Tai Yan Boat.

His premonition told him that once he stepped out of this island defense array, he would undoubtedly die!

Li Fan squinted, looking at the calm sea, not knowing where the danger was coming from.

In the end, Li Fan chose not to take this risk.

He put away the Tai Yan Boat and decided to first ask the ordinary people on the island what had happened recently.

However, after his divine sense swept across the entire island, he was astonished.

The residents of the entire island were reduced by a third.

And the remaining ones all seemed to have inexplicably become thin and emaciated as if they hadn't eaten for a long time.

Knowing that something significant had happened during his closed-door cultivation, Li Fan's face darkened. He quickly flew to the residence of the island manager of Taian Island.

During his tenure as the acting guardian, Li Fan had always been in seclusion, hardly paying attention to the affairs of the island.

He had only met the island manager a few times before.

At this moment, when the island manager saw Li Fan, he knelt down directly, continuously knocking his head and wailing.

"Immortal Master, have mercy, have mercy, save us!"

The island manager wept bitterly, to the point where his head was about to bleed from the knocks.

"What happened exactly? Speak quickly!" Li Fan's face was extremely grim.

"Reporting to Immortal Master, we can't bear these days anymore. It has been nearly half a year since it last rained. The fresh water and food on the island are almost exhausted. If this continues, we will all starve to death!" The island manager said while knocking his head and weeping.

"No rain for half a year?" Li Fan recalled what Zhang Haobo had told him several years ago.

"Drought has come. But why did the Tianxuan Mirror tell me previously that there would be no major changes? Could it be that the Tianxuan Mirror doesn't take such a scale of drought seriously?"

The island manager continued to cry out, "The fish near the coast have all been caught, and the weather is extremely hot. The fishing fleets headed towards the deep sea have not returned alive. Everyone is on the verge of starving to death! Immortal Master, have mercy, save us!"

Li Fan was annoyed by this person's cries and noticed that although the island manager had become a little thin, he was still plump. He was enraged and said, "Half of the island's ordinary people are starving, but why haven't you lost weight?"

The island manager turned pale, preparing to defend himself.

However, after Li Fan scanned the kitchen in the island manager's residence with his divine sense, he was even more furious.

Without waiting for the island manager to speak, he slapped him, reducing him to a pile of flesh.

"Feasting on the dead, guilty as charged!"

Li Fan snorted coldly and used the power of the array to transmit his voice throughout the island.

"The island manager has been killed by me. The rest of the officials, come to the island manager's residence to see me!"

A few moments later, several ordinary people came to Li Fan, trembling in fear.

Seeing that they also hadn't had enough to eat, Li Fan suppressed his killing intent.

Amidst the tearful pleas of these people, Li Fan finally understood what had happened during the year of his seclusion.

The drought began half a year ago.

Initially, it hadn't rained for many days, but people didn't pay much attention.

It was only when two months passed without a drop of rain that the people on the island began to panic.

The island had a source of fresh water, but with the passing days and no rain, it had gradually dried up.

Initially, they could sustain themselves by catching fish near the island, but as the weather became hotter, they could no longer catch fish around the island. Moreover, after the fleets that went to the distant seas to fish never returned, Taian Island plunged into famine.

In just a month, a third of the island's population had died, and no one knew how many tragedies had occurred.

The remaining survivors were struggling to survive.

If Li Fan had come out of seclusion a bit later, he was afraid that he wouldn't even find a few living people.

With things at this point, Li Fan couldn't stand idly by.

When he left the Land of Immortal Extinction, besides a few cabins filled with gold and silver treasures, the rest of the Tai Yan Boat was filled with grain.

Originally, it was just a precaution due to his cautious habit of exploring the unknown world.

He didn't expect that it would come in handy almost ten years later.

The Tai Yan Boat had a Purification Array, so the food wouldn't spoil.

Li Fan immediately enlarged the Tai Yan Boat and ordered the ordinary people on the island to move some of the food out for emergency use.

Seeing that the Immortal Master had brought life-saving food, everyone on the island knelt down in excitement, continuously knocking their heads.

Li Fan didn't pay attention to them and allowed them to rejoice.

The food inside the Tai Yan Boat would last the people on the island for a few months if they ate sparingly.

The main thing was to solve the issue of fresh water.

With water, they could survive.

Li Fan went to the main freshwater source on the island, a medium-sized lake in the center of the island.

The lake had long been guarded by dedicated personnel to prevent ordinary people from approaching.

Due to the long period without rain, the lake had significantly shrunk, leaving only about a tenth of its original size, and it was about to dry up completely.

"When constructing the island defense array, I never expected to encounter a water shortage like this..."

Holding the Taian Island Guard Order, Li Fan shook his head helplessly.

"It seems that I need to create a purification array to cleanse seawater."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 55: Overcoming Death to Obtain Life


Half a month later, a rudimentary seawater purification array was completed.

With sufficient drinking water and food once again, the surviving residents of Taian Island bowed in gratitude, thanking the Immortal Master for saving their lives.

However, Li Fan was not as elated as they were; instead, he felt somewhat worried.

After personally constructing an array, Li Fan had barely stepped onto the path of array techniques.

It was then that he realized the island defense array of Taian Island was deteriorating at an abnormal speed.

Generally, island defense arrays could operate for over a hundred years.

However, at the current rate of deterioration, in another two to three years, the array would completely lose its effectiveness.

After careful investigation and consulting "Theory on Formations," Li Fan found the cause of the array's damage.

The spiritual energy in the heavens and earth had become extremely turbulent and fierce.

This fierce spiritual energy seemed to possess its own will. When absorbed by the island defense array, it gradually eroded the critical nodes of the array.

The island defense array now resembled a machine with crucial components slowly rusting away. Each operation reduced its lifespan.

While Li Fan identified the problem, he had no effective way to salvage the situation.

The island defense array was too complex, with over ten thousand critical nodes, each typically composed of dozens of micro-arrays.

When it was originally constructed, it was a collaboration of numerous Nascent Soul stage array masters from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Given the complexity of the issue, Li Fan, a beginner in array techniques, couldn't hope to solve it.

Moreover, the main issue lay in the spiritual energy absorbed by the array.

Even if he temporarily repaired the array, as long as the ferocious nature of the spiritual energy outside remained unchanged, it would merely be a short-term fix.

"Staying on Taian Island is a death sentence. I need to find a way to leave this place."

"But the outside world is engulfed in an unknown calamity, and the ferocious spiritual energy makes venturing out a perilous path."

Caught between a rock and a hard place, it seemed like he was in an impossible situation.

"So, this is a Heavenly Tribulation..." Li Fan stared at the sky outside the island defense array, feeling like a flying insect trapped in a spider's web, unable to move and struggling on the brink of death.

Yet, Li Fan didn't choose to use [Truth] immediately.

Using [Truth] would waste over a decade of charging time. Moreover, without understanding what had truly happened, he would likely face death once again the next time.

Even if he fled far away from the Cong Yun Sea, could he guarantee that he wouldn't encounter new crises?

The malevolence of the Heavenly Dao in this world was pervasive and omnipresent.

Li Fan didn't believe that merely changing his location would guarantee safety.

So, unless it was absolutely necessary, he wouldn't choose to directly give up on this world.

In the following period, Li Fan continued to cultivate and search for a breakthrough.

However, the ferocious spiritual energy outside showed no signs of calming down; in fact, it became even more violent with the passage of time.

Under its relentless assault, the island defense array became increasingly precarious.

It could collapse at any moment.

"There's no way out." Li Fan felt somewhat helpless.

Ending this life in such uncertainty left him somewhat unwilling.

Yet, it seemed like there were no other options.

Should he use [Truth]?

Li Fan hesitated, looking at the mortals below gradually recovering their vitality. Suddenly, a thought struck him: the ferocious spiritual energy outside didn't seem to affect ordinary mortals.

According to the description of the island's residents, apart from the hot weather, there was nothing particularly dangerous beyond the island defense array.

"The Heavenly Tribulation seems to target only cultivators. If I become a mortal, I should be safe."

Li Fan remembered the "Tai Shang Primordial Scripture."

With this peculiar technique, even if he transformed his cultivation back to a mortal state, he wouldn't lose much progress. As long as he found a safe place, it wouldn't take long to return to his original realm.

"So, this is what they call 'emerging from a desperate situation?'" Thinking of a solution, Li Fan felt a sense of relief.

Then, he naturally started to consider more.

He is currently practicing two cultivation techniques.

One is the "Minor Yan Water Technique," exchanged within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and the other is the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" from the ancient Tianji Sect.

One is a new technique, and the other is an old one.

The practice method of the new technique involves plundering and seizing the heavens and the earth.

Because of this, it triggers the malevolence of the heavens and the earth.

Now, the heavens and the earth have set up layers of killing intent, targeting cultivators who practice the new technique.

What if he were to only dissipate the "Minor Yan Water Technique" and retain the realm of the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra"? Would the killing intent in the heavens and the earth decrease?

Li Fan was a decisive person.

The great array could collapse at any moment, so he made a prompt decision. The spiritual energy circulated within his body as he activated the "Tai Shang Primordial Scripture."

"Follow the Nameless Supreme, return to the beginning..."

As the technique operated, the water-attribute spiritual energy obtained from practicing the "Minor Yan Water Technique" slowly dissipated like melting snow, transforming into pure energy and settling in Li Fan's dantian.

In just half a day, the "Minor Yan Water Technique" had been completely dissipated.

Yet, Li Fan didn't feel any discomfort.

"This 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture' is indeed extraordinary." Li Fan sighed and flew to the edge of the island defense array.

"Indeed, this method is effective!"

Sensing the sudden weakening of the pervasive killing intent in the outside world, Li Fan felt a sense of joy.

"Unfortunately, the 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra' is still practiced through the Dao of plundering heaven. Although, due to the intent of the technique, the malevolence of the heavens and the earth has decreased significantly compared to before, it has not completely dissipated."

Realizing that even after leaving, there would still be a threat to his life, Li Fan made up his mind and chose to continue dissipating his cultivation.

Soon, another surge of pure energy filled his dantian.

The two energies were originally derived from different cultivation techniques, but now they could harmoniously merge without conflict.

"According to the description in the 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture,' these pure energies obtained from dissipating cultivation can last in the dantian for about a hundred years." Li Fan's realm at this moment had reverted to that of a mortal.

However, he wasn't particularly worried.

"As long as I return to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, I can quickly re-cultivate to my original state."

At that moment, Li Fan no longer hesitated. He steered the Tai Yan Boat and slowly flew out of the island defense array.

The violent and scorching spiritual energy swept through, tinting the distant sky in shades of orange-red.

But Li Fan was now a mere mortal, and this rampant spiritual energy merely roared past without launching an attack.

Li Fan breathed a sigh of relief, set his direction, increased the speed of the Tai Yan Boat to the maximum, and flew toward Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

On the way, Li Fan passed by many islands.

All the mortals on these islands had perished, devoid of any signs of life.

Li Fan was secretly alarmed.

His traveling speed became even faster.

Three months later.

Li Fan arrived at the location where Ten Thousand Immortals Island used to be.

He opened the map and compared it four or five times, yet he still couldn't believe his eyes.

The once vast Ten Thousand Immortals Island had completely disappeared.

There was only a giant, empty black hole stretched across the ocean.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 56: Compassion for Mortals


The surrounding seawater continuously poured towards the black hole but evaporated into water vapor when it reached the edge of the black hole.

Due to the extremely high temperature around the black hole, the air was distorted.

Covered by the rising mist around, it formed a strange sight of alternating black and white.

Li Fan piloted the Tai Yan Boat and, while hovering in the air, watched this scene. Suddenly, he was shrouded in endless fear.

Ten Thousand Immortals Island... had been obliterated?

Scenes from the past on Ten Thousand Immortals Island flashed quickly in his mind.

The square where countless cultivators passed by the towering statues, the grand buildings at the center of the island rumored to house Nascent Soul realm powerhouses...

All gone like this? Not even a speck of dust left.

What kind of power could achieve all this? The malevolence of the heavens?

Li Fan didn't know.

In the face of this highly impactful scene, Li Fan's mind was in chaos.

Cultivation, seeking immortality.

Li Fan's lifelong goal now seemed so laughable.

In the face of this sudden disaster, cultivators were now no different from ordinary people, like ants.

Once the fear settled in the heart, it was impossible to restrain.

"Escape! Escape from this cursed place!"

Li Fan's eyes turned red. He drove the Tai Yan Boat and desperately fled towards the western part of the Cong Yun Sea.

He wanted to escape to the land, far away from this hellish sea area.

And so, Li Fan flew for an unknown duration in a state of mental chaos.

"Boom!"

The Tai Yan Boat seemed to collide with something and was forced to a stop.

Fortunately, there was a protective array, preventing immediate destruction of the boat and harm to its occupant.

With the intense impact, Li Fan suffered some minor injuries but gradually calmed down.

He looked out of the Tai Yan Boat.

But there was nothing.

In the distance, there was a continuous coastline, not far from the mainland.

Li Fan manipulated the Tai Yan Boat, attempting to fly forward.

"Boom!"

Something was blocking Li Fan.

Li Fan tried to move in other directions, but it was the same.

An invisible barrier separated the Cong Yun Sea from the nearby mainland.

No entry, no exit.

Li Fan was dumbfounded.

He suddenly thought of a phrase.

"A frog in a well."

After a long time, Li Fan laughed.

He looked up at the sky.

How ruthless.

Then he became somewhat lost. Should he summon [Truth] and return to the initial anchor point?

Or should he look around some more?

Li Fan became somewhat helpless, losing his sense of direction.

He piloted the Tai Yan Boat, drifting above this sea of clouds.

He passed by Night Island, a place now like the rest, displaying a post-apocalyptic scene with no survivors.

He passed by Liuli Island.

The island defense array was shattered, and He Zhenghao was nowhere to be found. The island was strewn with corpses, devoid of any signs of life.

Flowing Cloud Island, Zhongqiu Island...

All turned into wastelands.

When he occasionally encountered a cultivator who survived like him, he found that they had all gone insane.

They treated Li Fan as if he were a ghost, screaming and fleeing upon seeing him.

...

In the end, Li Fan somehow found himself back on Taian Island.

Here, he felt a long-lost vitality.

Perhaps, on the entire sea of clouds, only this little bit of humanity remained.

Li Fan walked through the streets, observing the mortals on Taian Island.

They were still unaware of the changes beyond Taian Island, still wearing smiles of relief on their faces.

Little did they know, a looming disaster awaited them.

However, perhaps ignorance was a form of bliss.

Witnessing scenes resembling the end of the world, they would probably have nightmares every night.

Li Fan couldn't help but laugh at himself.

He continued to walk, and suddenly, he heard devout prayers.

"May the Immortal Master save us from suffering and calamity, ensuring good weather and abundant harvests in the future."

"May the Immortal Master protect my daughter, Yu, and let her grow up safely."

...

Li Fan was momentarily stunned and turned to look.

In Taian Island, a temple had been built at some point.

Inside the temple, there was a statue, and on the tablet in front of the statue were the words "Immortal Master of Salvation."

The statue seemed to bear a faint resemblance to Li Fan, with slightly lowered eyes, looking compassionately at the people kneeling in front.

"Immortal Master of Salvation..." Li Fan fell silent.

After a long time, he sighed.

"Alright, let's see how long I can protect you all."

...

However, protecting mortals under the malevolence of the heavens and earth was evidently not an easy task.

Originally, Li Fan thought this disaster had passed.

What he didn't expect was that the true calamity had only just begun.

One year, two years, three years...

There was still no sign of rain from the sky.

The sea level began to drop, and the sea gradually moved away from the islands.

Even with the seawater desalination array, the islanders on Taian Island found it increasingly difficult to obtain water.

Each time, they had to walk a very long distance to find water.

They didn't know why such a disaster had befallen them, but they feared that the Cong Yun Sea would eventually completely dry up.

So every family began to worship the wooden statue of Li Fan, praying day and night.

Li Fan could only helplessly watch.

In the face of such a drastic change in the world, he couldn't contend with it.

The only good news was that in these three years, perhaps because most of the cultivators in the Cong Yun Sea had died, the killing intent towards cultivators in the heavens and earth slowly dissipated.

During this time, Li Fan took the opportunity to cultivate back to the middle Qi Condensation stage.

"When the day comes that you all stop worshipping me, I'll return to the anchor point." Being prayed to day and night by a group of mortals was indeed a peculiar experience.

He activated his "Discern Variations" technique and observed the increasingly dense death Qi above the heads of the mortals. He made up his mind in secret.

"Wait, why is there a faint white light hidden within this black death Qi?"

Li Fan was stunned.

Since his cultivation had recovered, Li Fan had been examining the aura of Taian Island daily.

This time, for some reason, he discovered a thread of vitality he had failed to detect before.

Where was this vitality coming from?

Li Fan activated the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" to its limit and realized that the vitality of the people on Taian Island was actually resonating with him!

Perplexed, he further confirmed.

The source of this vitality was indeed him.

But it wasn't Li Fan himself; it was an item on his body.

An item he had almost forgotten.

Heavenly Treasure: Canghai Pearl.

As it hadn't fully formed yet, Li Fan had kept the Canghai Pearl in a corner of the Tai Yan Boat.

It was only today, under the reflection of spiritual energy, that Li Fan remembered it.

Unlike when he first saw it over a dozen years ago, at this moment, it had turned completely blue, exuding a rich mist of water vapor.

It was as if a vast ocean was incubating within it.

"From the abyss comes the sea, from the sea comes life."

Li Fan looked at the Canghai Pearl in his hand, suddenly recalling something. He raised the Tai Yan Boat and flew up to an altitude of ten thousand meters, looking down.

Beneath, the Cong Yun Sea, due to the prolonged drought, revealed vast stretches of exposed seabed.

One after another, the underwater mountain ranges gradually revealed their true appearance.

And the original islands of the Cong Yun Sea were actually the peaks of these mountains.

In his mind, Kou Hong's enthusiastic face suddenly flashed.

He had said to Li Fan, "No worries. If Daoist friend manages to get out, you can find me at Lingtian City in the Cong Yun Mountains."

Li Fan smiled.

Cong Yun Sea.

Cong Yun Mountains.

They turned out to be the same place.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 57: Unexpected Opportunity


In the previous life, when Li Fan's life was about to end, he broke through the seal of the Immortal Extinction Array by a fortunate coincidence and came to the world of cultivation for the first time.

At that time, what he saw were continuous mountain ranges and a towering city suspended in the air.

But in this life, after Li Fan arrived in the world of cultivation, he found himself above a vast ocean.

Before this, Li Fan hadn't thought much about it, assuming that something had gone wrong during the transmission.

It wasn't until today when Li Fan saw the depleted Cong Yun Sea and witnessed the birth of the mystical object, the Canghai Pearl, that he finally understood.

There was no mishap; he had indeed arrived at the same place after passing through the Immortal Extinction Array. The only difference was the timing of his arrival in the world of cultivation.

In his previous life, when Li Fan arrived in the world of cultivation, he was already 85 years old, which corresponded to 65 years after the anchor point.

In this life, Li Fan entered the world of cultivation at the age of 40, after reaching 100% progress for the recharge of [Truth].

Only 20 years after the anchor point.

A 45-year gap, encountering the ocean in one life and mountains in another.

It's no wonder Li Fan didn't think along these lines.

Without experiencing it personally, even if someone had warned him in advance about such a vast change in the world, he still would have doubted.

So Li Fan smiled.

First, he laughed at himself for still being unable to completely rid himself of a mortal mindset.

If he could link the various anomalies that Zhang Haobo had warned him about with the differences he had observed twice, he might have been able to foresee this massive change in the world in advance.

Second, he was relieved because he finally saw the hope for the end of this calamity.

In the 50th year after the anchor point, Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi broke into the Land of Immortal Extinction. At that time, they claimed to be from Lingtian City in the Cong Yun Mountains.

Presumably, before that, this drought disaster had already passed.

The dried-up oceans would transform into thriving mountains.

Now, 34 years have passed, not far from the end.

The most agonizing wait is a hopeless one. However, knowing the final result, this seemingly endless calamity no longer seemed so frightening.

Li Fan calmed down and returned to Taian Island.

Seeing the anxious and numb mortals who prayed incessantly day and night, Li Fan transmitted his voice across the entire island, telling them that this calamity would eventually pass.

Following the instructions of the Immortal Master, the residents on the island were overjoyed and once again ignited the hope for survival.

Li Fan, on the other hand, went into seclusion and took out the Canghai Pearl.

"Is the ray of hope in this?"

Li Fan observed this azure mystical object.

His divine sense poured into it, but it was like a stone sinking into the ocean, disappearing in an instant.

"It seems that I'll need to put in some effort to use it," Li Fan thought as he saw this.

Heavenly Treasures were key to achieving the Foundation Establishment stage. Finding and using them were precious opportunities.

The exchange price in the Tianxuan Mirror was also extremely high, requiring nearly 2000 contribution points.

At the moment, Li Fan could only explore it on his own.

Next, Li Fan made several attempts.

He infused spiritual energy, nurtured it with divine sense, and even tried external force impacts. Finally, he attempted to refine it with a drop of blood.

However, the Canghai Pearl remained unmoved, unable to activate the immense water vapor it contained.

In the end, Li Fan had a flash of insight and remembered the method from the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" to sense and refine the aura of Heavenly Treasures.

He immediately used his "Discern Variations" technique and looked at the Canghai Pearl.

A deep blue light surrounded the Canghai Pearl.

Ancient, profound, and vibrant...

Although the Canghai Pearl was small, its aura was more complex and powerful than all the creatures on Taian Island.

However, it was currently in a state of nurturing and dormancy, so without careful observation, it couldn't be easily distinguished.

Li Fan carefully sensed the aura of the Canghai Pearl.

Upon contact, Li Fan felt as if his body had disappeared.

It was like he had suddenly arrived above the nine heavens, looking down at the ocean below with an overlooking perspective.

The Cong Yun Sea has existed for eternity, nurturing countless living beings.

But one day, a certain spirit of the heavens and earth suddenly descended.

And thus, the ocean began to head towards its death.

Heaven creates, heaven kills, such is the way of the Dao.

Heaven intended to burn the sea, and the sea was powerless to resist.

However, it refused!

Thus, although the ocean seemed to die, another ocean was born!

...

Boom!

Li Fan snapped out of that strange state.

Before he could savor the scenes he had seen, he suddenly felt a wave of weakness, almost stumbling.

Upon inspection, Li Fan was horrified to discover that he had developed a strand of white hair and fine wrinkles on his face at some point.

This was just a momentary connection with the aura of the Canghai Pearl!

Li Fan then opened [Truth] and was even more astonished.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Qi Condensation - Middle Stage

Physical Age: 89/199

Mental Age: 517/2280↑

In just that instant, Li Fan's physiological age jumped from 54 to 89.

It was as if he had crossed 35 years in the blink of an eye.

"No wonder that even in the ancient Tianji Sect, there are very few practitioners of this technique. Just interacting with the consciousness of a certain ocean rapidly consumes one's lifespan."

"If it weren't for the rapid consumption of my lifespan and the body's automatic warning, I would have been assimilated by the consciousness of the Canghai Pearl in such a bewildering manner. At that point, it wouldn't be easy to activate [Truth]."

Li Fan realized what had just happened and was somewhat alarmed.

"No, this is definitely not the method used to control a Heavenly Treasure."

Li Fan knew he must have misunderstood the method.

A human time scale was not even on the same level as that of the heavens, the earth, mountains, and oceans.

Even those powerful cultivators who could live for several thousand years were still far from comparable.

Touching it with human consciousness would only result in being assimilated.

So how exactly could one manipulate heavenly treasures?

Li Fan held the Canghai Pearl, his face changing in expression.

...

Days went by, and Li Fan still hadn't figured out how to use the Canghai Pearl.

The weather became hotter and hotter, seemingly preparing for the final purification of the Cong Yun Sea.

The ordinary people on the island gradually lost the strength to even pray.

Li Fan knew that if this continued, these ordinary people might not survive until the end of this calamity.

Dying before dawn was despairing.

Li Fan couldn't help but become a little anxious and had many mixed thoughts.

To calm his mind, he involuntarily activated the long-unused "Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra."

Ever since becoming a Qi Condensation cultivator, most of his energy has been used to cultivate the "Minor Yan Water Technique" and "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra."

The "Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra" had not been deliberately practiced for a long time.

Because it didn't significantly help with the essence of cultivation, and even if he didn't practice it actively, it would run slowly on its own.

So Li Fan put it aside.

Now, as the "Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra" circulated, all the negative emotions in Li Fan's heart—unease, fear, impatience—slowly disappeared and became nourishment for strengthening his Dao heart.

His mind became calm again, and suddenly, Li Fan felt something.

The opportunity for his breakthrough was also embedded in the Canghai Pearl.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 58: Understanding the Aura of Heaven and Earth


Li Fan had been trapped in the Qi Condensation stage for several years, unable to make any progress.

After cultivating both of his techniques to the Qi Condensation stage, he still couldn't find the key to his own destiny.

At this moment, as Li Fan looked at the Canghai Pearl, he suddenly sensed an opportunity to break through from the depths of his consciousness.

That was, as before, to perceive and understand the Canghai Pearl.

Li Fan was naturally aware of how dangerous this was; it was essentially tantamount to walking towards death.

In "Miscellaneous Records of Cultivation," there were many records of cultivators sensing their own destiny.

Although there were certain risks, opportunities also coexisted with them.

Why didn't he sense it before, but it suddenly appeared now?

Li Fan instantly understood.

"Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra."

Perhaps operating the "Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra" could help Li Fan resist the assimilation of the Canghai Pearl's will.

A decision was made.

Li Fan held the Canghai Pearl with both hands, and slightly lowered it to his dantian.

Cross-legged, "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" and "Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra" operated simultaneously.

Initially, it was a bit uncomfortable for Li Fan to multitask.

But since the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra didn't involve the operation of spiritual energy, only tempering the mind, there was no conflict between the two techniques.

After hundreds of attempts, Li Fan gradually mastered the method of running both techniques at the same time.

His mind felt a bit absent as if he had turned into the vast sea, watching the changes in the world from that perspective.

Sunrises and sunsets, the rotation of stars, clouds drifting and rain dissipating.

All of this accelerated thousands of times, quickly flashing before Li Fan's eyes.

With a single thought, it felt like he had passed through hundreds of years.

A sense of ancient, ancient, and desolate aura gradually permeated Li Fan's consciousness.

He began to get used to seeing the world from the perspective of the ocean.

He began to gradually forget that he was a human.

At this moment, a cool breath suddenly surged.

It was like a clear spring in the mountains, slowly washing away the mottled marks of time.

Li Fan gradually regained his consciousness.

"It really worked."

Confirming his speculation, Li Fan was neither sad nor happy.

Although the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra could reduce the assimilation of the Canghai's will to some extent, compared to the Canghai's will, he was still too insignificant.

The consumption of lifespan remained many times that of normal cultivation, and emotions such as joy, anger, sorrow, and joy were infinitely diluted.

Of course, there were advantages.

At this moment, he could already mobilize a trace of the Canghai Pearl's power.

His divine sense was strengthened a thousandfold, gently moving, easily covering the entire Taian Island.

Without stopping, Li Fan's consciousness spread rapidly like ripples.

He saw one extinct island after another in his mind.

Through his divine sense, he saw that under one of the islands, a volcano that had already been extinguished was reignited due to the influence of the scorching disaster.

He saw, not far from Liuli Island, a giant fishbone lying among numerous human corpses. In the center of the fishbone, a huge glass bead was shining in the sunlight.

He saw that in various hidden corners of the Cong Yun Sea, there were still several cultivators whom he thought were already extinct.

He saw many secrets hidden in various corners of the Cong Yun Sea that would only be revealed in the face of such an apocalypse.

...

However, all of this was irrelevant to him.

There was no greed in his heart.

His divine sense quickly retracted, and he activated the Canghai Pearl, drawing in the residual water vapor between the heavens and the earth in the Cong Yun Sea, converging it above Taian Island.

Thus, the surviving humans on Taian Island saw the gradually forming dark clouds in the sky.

"Boom!"

With the onset of heavy rain, people wept tears of joy.

They embraced each other and rolled in the rain.

The heavy rain lasted for half an hour.

There was still a faint trace of clouds remaining above Taian Island. This was manipulated by Li Fan; every half month, he would spontaneously extract the moisture from the Cong Yun Sea using the Canghai Pearl to bring rain to Taian Island.

This ensured the survival of the island's inhabitants.

After doing all this, Li Fan looked at the sky quietly.

The reason he had no greed for the many hidden treasures in the Cong Yun Sea was not because he suddenly became extraordinary, but because he had found something more worthy of pursuit.

An opportunity to connect with the will of heaven and earth.

The most ideal state of the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" was to sense and refine the aura of Heaven and Earth.

The aura of Heaven and Earth, as the external manifestation of the will of heaven and earth, was immense.

When an ordinary cultivator comes into contact with it, a slight mistake would lead to a rapid depletion of lifespan, like what happened to Li Fan before.

Losing one's self and becoming a puppet of the heavenly Dao was quite common.

But Li Fan now had such a rare opportunity: to come into contact with the will of heaven and earth while retaining his own consciousness.

Because he was no longer just an ordinary Qi Condensation stage cultivator.

A part of his consciousness was already connected to the Canghai Pearl.

To speculate on the heavens and earth as a cultivator was like seeking a dead end.

However, speculating on the heavens and earth using the Canghai Pearl might not be a dead end.

Li Fan's excitement began to grow.

This was the true way to find the Dao!

He transformed into the Canghai and silently observed this world, feeling the various spiritual energy flows circulating between heaven and earth, feeling the will of the heavens and earth.

One year, two years...

The passage of time was no longer important to Li Fan.

The more he gazed at the sky, the more insights he gained.

His previous notions were overturned one by one.

He thought that the pervasive killing intent in the Cong Yun Sea had gradually disappeared.

But now he realized that the killing intent of heaven and earth had never diminished and still existed.

The wild killing intent he sensed before was not from the will of the heavenly Dao itself.

The killing intent of the heavens and earth would not be detected by ordinary cultivators.

It wasn't violent, angry, or filled with emotions.

It was just a pure will, a pure rule.

It was the impartiality of the heavens and earth, treating all living beings as mere ants.

In its eyes, mortals, cultivators, and the Cong Yun Sea...

There was no difference.

Cultivators plundered the heavens and earth, and the heavenly will generated killing intent.

However, the heavenly will would not directly intervene, because cultivators themselves were also part of the heavenly way.

Instead, corresponding rules would be set in response.

For example, cultivation techniques couldn't be cultivated simultaneously.

And more...

What Li Fan saw at this moment.

In the sky above the Cong Yun Sea, a transparent crimson figure looked down coldly.

In their hand, a small flame was constantly flickering.

Roasting the Cong Yun Sea.

Sensing Li Fan's gaze, the crimson figure turned its head, locking eyes with Li Fan.

The seawater in the Canghai Pearl boiled in an instant.

Fortunately, it only took a glance and then retracted its gaze.

Li Fan's consciousness was preserved.

Because of this glance, Li Fan also understood its identity.

The Heavenly Spirit: Crimson Flame!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 59: Transformation of the Cong Yun Sea


Upon seeing the crimson figure, numerous pieces of information suddenly appeared in Li Fan's mind.

A Heavenly Spirit is the embodiment of a certain law of the world.

When a specific condition is met, a Heavenly Spirit will come into being and appear in a certain area.

If the heavens emit killing intent and set a plan to eliminate cultivators...

Then the Heavenly Spirit is the executor of that plan.

They don't have their own thoughts and only act according to predetermined instincts.

They are the very embodiment of the law itself, slaughtering cultivators like slaughtering chickens and sheep.

Their mission is to eradicate those cultivators who defy the heavens and the earth.

For cultivators, the Heavenly Spirit is extremely dangerous.

Once targeted, it basically means a certain death situation.

But at the same time...

As the incarnation of the Heavenly Dao's laws, the Heavenly Spirit also represents a tremendous opportunity for cultivators.

One could sacrifice a Heavenly Spirit to merge with the Dao.

Once a cultivator was able to sacrifice a Heavenly Spirit, regardless of their previous cultivation level, they could immediately achieve the Dao Integration Realm.

It is the cultivator's natural enemy, but at the same time, it holds an unparalleled allure for them.

At this moment, witnessing the crimson Heavenly Spirit, an inexhaustible greed welled up from the depths of Li Fan's heart.

"Kill it! Killing it will allow me to comprehend the Dao, and I'll ascend immediately!"

It was as if a person starving to death encountered a sumptuous delicacy, or as if a traveler who had been walking in the desert for days encountered clear lake water.

This greed whispered like a demon, constantly speaking in Li Fan's ears.

Driving and tempting him to rush towards the crimson figure in the sky.

While Li Fan eased the intense sensation coming from the Canghai Pearl, he madly operated the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra to dispel the surging greed in his heart.

He knew that he could currently observe the Heavenly Spirit, Crimson Flame, only by using the Canghai Pearl.

In the eyes of the Crimson Flame, Li Fan was merely the unformed consciousness of the Canghai Pearl. Therefore, even if the Crimson Flame noticed Li Fan's gaze, it only took note and then no longer paid attention.

However, if Li Fan were to lose his reason and attack the Crimson Flame, revealing the identity of a cultivator, he would undoubtedly be mercilessly killed by it.

Reason and desire tore at Li Fan's soul.

The two extreme thoughts were almost tearing his consciousness in half.

Li Fan could only barely maintain the operation of the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra and preserve his Dao heart.

He didn't know how long had passed until the storm caused by greed gradually subsided.

Li Fan was still trembling, not daring to probe further.

To glimpse at heavenly secrets and still maintain a clear consciousness was already a great fortune.

Li Fan had obtained a great harvest already. As his consciousness was about to leave the Canghai Pearl and return to his own body, he discovered an extremely awkward situation.

It turned out that resolving the madness of greed brought by the Heavenly Spirit had actually taken Li Fan nearly half a year!

He used the Canghai Pearl to observe the Crimson Flame, which led to the greed. Resolving it took up a significant portion of his time.

The time he spent merging his consciousness with the Canghai Pearl had far exceeded the limits a Qi Refining cultivator could endure.

At this moment, his consciousness was still connected to the Canghai Pearl, which was alright. If he returned to his body, it wouldn't be long before he aged and died.

Just a fleeting glance had brought about such dreadful consequences.

Perhaps his cultivation journey in this world was coming to an end.

Although Li Fan felt some regret, he had no remorse.

He had learned the truth behind the Cong Yun Sea's dramatic change, encountered the Heavenly Spirit Crimson Flame, and personally experienced the mysteries of the heavens and the earth.

Li Fan's gains were undoubtedly substantial.

Even if this life were to end now, he could accept it.

Moreover, he currently didn't plan to activate [Truth] and end this life.

Since he was already trapped within the Canghai Pearl, he might as well take this opportunity to once again comprehend the secrets of the heavens and the earth.

As long as he didn't recklessly probe the Heavenly Spirit Crimson Flame and simply focused on comprehending, it should be safe.

Now, his body's lifespan had ended. Without a body to nourish his consciousness, he was like water without a source or a tree without roots. His consciousness would gradually dissipate within the Canghai Pearl.

According to Li Fan's estimate, he could sustain for a dozen or so years at most.

If he could make good use of this time, he might still achieve something.

Li Fan invoked a pure strand of power from the Canghai Pearl, protecting his body from decay. Afterward, his consciousness once again immersed itself in the perspective of the Canghai Pearl.

He observed the circulation of the Heavenly Dao and the rising and setting of the sun, moon, and stars.

He watched as the remaining life in the Cong Yun Sea continued to pass away.

He felt the cold and indifferent, eternal, unchanging killing intent within heaven and earth.

In this way, in the blink of an eye, five years passed.

After 40 years, the Cong Yun Sea had long since completely dried up, truly becoming a lifeless place.

Only Taian Island, which was under Li Fan's protection, still harbored a small number of ordinary people.

On this day, Li Fan suddenly had a feeling and looked towards the sky.

That crimson figure that had stood in the sky for over ten years had finally disappeared.

Its mission was completed, and it naturally dissipated.

No one could predict where it would reappear in the cultivation world someday.

Li Fan stared in the direction where the Crimson Flame disappeared, and his consciousness once again sank into the Canghai Pearl.

As time passed, Li Fan's consciousness became weaker and weaker.

His thoughts also became increasingly sluggish.

He lost the ability to think for himself and could only silently observe this world through the perspective of the Canghai Pearl.

In the second year after the disappearance of the Crimson Flame, several cultivators dressed in blue Daoist robes arrived at the Cong Yun Sea.

After various spells were cast, rain finally fell from the sky after a long absence.

More cultivators arrived thereafter.

Blue light blossomed on the dried seabed.

Vegetation, representing the breath of life, appeared on the land.

A gentle breeze passed by, and trees sprouted from the ground.

In just a year, the once scorched land had once again become vibrant.

The scene of the Crimson Flame boiling the sea, which had happened not long ago, seemed to have gently dispersed like a nightmare.

The Cong Yun Sea had also completed its transformation into the Cong Yun Mountain Range.

A city, standing tall in the sky, began to be built above the Cong Yun Mountain Range.

Once completed, it attracted more and more cultivators from all directions.

The Cong Yun Mountain Range became even more lively.

Occasionally, some cultivators would come out of curiosity, visiting the only surviving island in the calamity, attempting to find opportunities.

But through Li Fan's instinctive concealment, they found nothing.

After 48 years, a Foundation Establishment cultivator returned to the Cong Yun Sea.

He arrived at the former Liuli Island, now the Liuli Mountain Range, with a sorrowful expression.

Li Fan's consciousness scanned over, seeing this scene, and also felt a wave of emotion.

This person, Li Fan knew him.

He was Zhang Haobo, who had decided to migrate from the Cong Yun Sea due to his inner unease.

Twenty-plus years had passed, and through various unknown circumstances, this man had actually become a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

Scenes from this life flashed rapidly in Li Fan's mind. His consciousness was about to dissipate.

Before completely disappearing, Li Fan's consciousness returned to his own body.

Over a dozen years of understanding the aura of the heavens and the earth allowed the bottleneck hindering Li Fan's breakthrough to suddenly dissipate.

The spiritual energy of heaven and earth surged, and Li Fan's cultivation instantly broke through to the later stage of Qi Condensation.

A slight smile appeared on Li Fan's face but quickly froze.

His body rapidly aged, and with a gust of wind, he turned into dust, dispersing into the heavens and the earth.

Only a set of white bones remained, lying there quietly.

[Truth]!

Before dissipating, Li Fan called out in his heart.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 60: Review and Scheming


[The simulation ends.]​

[You can choose one of the following to keep:

An item you possessed during this simulation.

Your cultivation realm during this simulation.

The simulated memories of a person closely related to you in this simulation. These memories will be inherited by that person.

Abandon the above choices and accelerate the recharge progress.]



Slowly regaining consciousness, Li Fan felt the youthful body of twenty years old and looked around at the familiar yet unfamiliar surroundings. It took a long time for him to come back to his senses.

In his previous life, despite only experiencing 48 years, Li Fan felt it was longer than the sum of his nine previous lives. Apart from the splendid and complex experiences in the cultivation world, the crucial reason was the assimilation he experienced with the will of the Canghai Pearl.

Of course, his first foray into the cultivation world yielded significant gains.

Li Fan looked at the first option: the choice of an item.

The storage ring he purchased from the Heavenly Mirror and various scriptures needed no mention. The extraordinary items like the Stone Tablet of Prohibition and the Canghai Pearl were what caught his eye.

Li Fan's mind focused on the Canghai Pearl, realizing that choosing the Canghai Pearl would grant him the mostly formed Canghai Pearl that he had in his previous life, just before his lifespan was about to end.

Having been in sync with the consciousness of the Canghai Pearl for over a decade, Li Fan was well aware of its formidable power.

Although tempted, Li Fan resolutely chose the second option to retain his own cultivation realm.

After all, cultivation was fundamental. A mere mortal holding heavenly treasures was a path to disaster.

Moreover, Li Fan knew that the Canghai Pearl was still at Flowing Cloud Island. He could go get it when the time was right.

As Li Fan made his decision, two familiar auras appeared in his dantian out of nowhere.

At the same time, Li Fan's expression changed.

He suddenly realized that, at this moment, he was just a mortal.

His body was still filled with the essence of immortals and mortals. If this sudden influx of aura conflicted with it, it could be extremely detrimental.

Fortunately, what Li Fan worried about did not happen.

An inexplicable fluctuation descended upon him. After a moment, the aura in his dantian surged like a river, sweeping across Li Fan's entire body, remodeling his physique and elevating his cultivation realm.

Qi Condensation Initial Stage, Qi Condensation Middle Stage, Qi Condensation Late Stage!

In just a breath, he had achieved the realm that he had painstakingly reached in his previous life.

Li Fan's breath gradually stabilized.

However, he wore a look of inexplicable shock on his face.

Not because he had achieved Qi Condensation Late Stage in the blink of an eye, but because of the inexplicable fluctuation that had descended!

Li Fan keenly felt that since that fluctuation had arrived, the essence of immortals and mortals within his body had completely dissipated in the blink of an eye, disappearing thoroughly!

The effect far exceeded the previous life's expulsion using the Pure Body Spirit Pool.

"This kind of fluctuation..." Li Fan carefully recalled the fleeting fluctuation and vaguely felt it was familiar.

"It's the will of heaven and earth, the power of laws!" Li Fan suddenly realized.

In his previous life, after observing the changes of the heavenly and earthly auras for over ten years through the Canghai Pearl, Li Fan, although far from mastering and controlling it, could at least recognize it.

"If the Immortal-Mortal Miasma is the will of heaven and earth to permanently separate immortals and mortals, then the fluctuation just now is completely the opposite."

"The Immortal-Mortal Miasma that has plagued the cultivation world for thousands of years actually disappeared so easily."

"Indeed, it's really unbelievable."

"If I could master this method of purifying the Immortal-Mortal Miasma..." Li Fan's thoughts surged for a moment.

After a long time, he gradually calmed down.

"A great monument is built on a stable foundation. With my cultivation at the Qi Condensation stage, replicating the power of those laws just now is nothing but a daydream."

"I have to take it step by step."

Li Fan opened [Truth] to review his previous life.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Qi Condensation Late Stage

Physical Age: 20/199

Mental Age: 531/2300↑

Virtualization Progress: 0%

Anchor Charging Progress: 51%

Current Anchor Points: 1

Bound Items: "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra," Tai Yan Boat, Stone Tablet of Prohibition (Damaged)

Techniques: Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, Minor Yan Water Art, Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra

"The path of cultivation is indeed difficult. Especially in the cultivation world, where cultivators plunder the heavens and earth, and the world is filled with killing intent towards them."

"In his previous life, as soon as I entered the cultivation world, I encountered Su Changyu. I thought he had a strong will and was devoted to the Dao, and was destined for great achievements. Little did I know he would inexplicably die within a few days."

"It was instead the inconspicuous Xiao Heng by his side who possessed exceptional talent. In just a few years, he was close to forming his Foundation."

"He and He Zhenghao both believed he would surely achieve Foundation Establishment within his lifetime. But who would have thought..."

"The world had long set a murderous trap. All the beings in the Cong Yun Sea, whether successful or not, be it cultivators or mortals, were destined to face death sooner or later."

"Only the ordinary fisherman Zhang Haobo, after escaping, had a different encounter, becoming a Foundation Establishment cultivator."

"There is nothing more unpredictable than this."

Li Fan recalled his previous life and was filled with many emotions.

Then, a hint of doubt arose in his mind.

"Just like what I told Xiao Heng before, if the government wants to hunt down bandits, they wouldn't let the bandits know in advance. The heavens and the earth and the cultivators here are just like the government and the bandits."

"So, when the heavens released the killing intent to exterminate cultivators, naturally the cultivators couldn't perceive it. This is also why, when I asked the Tianxuan Mirror if there were disasters, it answered there weren't any. The disaster was just obscured by heavenly machinations."

"But how did the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce detect it early and order all their subordinates to evacuate the Cong Yun Sea?"

"And why didn't they warn the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and instead watched countless beings lose their lives?"

"There must be something fishy going on. If I get the chance in this life, I'll definitely figure it out."

After careful consideration for a long time, Li Fan made plans for this life.

"The cultivation world is extremely dangerous. It's better not to step into it rashly until the virtualization is completed."

"Now that I'm cultivating the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, the charging speed has greatly increased. It won't take me twenty years like before to complete the charging. Within ten years, I should be able to reach 100%."

"In this way, the time I arrive in the cultivation world should be several decades earlier than the previous life."

"I remember that during these decades, something major seemed to have happened in the Cong Yun Sea. It's a good opportunity to plan ahead."

"After the Cong Yun Sea dried up In his previous life, I saw the hidden treasures on various islands. Now, they are all ripe for the picking. If I get the chance, I'll collect them all."

"The Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra has repeatedly helped me break through bottlenecks in my previous life. This technique is truly extraordinary, and there seems to be a hidden secret behind it. I need to cultivate it well and not slack off."

"As for the boiling of the ocean, whether I choose to escape alone or reveal it to the public..."

"I can only adapt to the situation when the time comes..."

...

In his previous life, Li Fan plunged into the unfamiliar world of cultivation. He only managed to cultivate to Late Stage Qi Condensation, enduring for forty-eight years before meeting his end.

But in this life, with foresight and perception, Li Fan believed he would go much further.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 61: Formless Killing Intent


Grand Xuan Kingdom, Mount Xie Li.

The mountain rose thousands of meters high, shaped like a split blade, piercing the sky.

On the steep mountain path halfway up the mountain, two teenagers were walking one after the other.

In front was a slender young man, wearing a straw hat, with a determined face.

Following him was a younger-looking but burly teenager, with thick eyebrows and an honest expression.

At this moment, the burly teenager wiped the sweat off his forehead and sat down with a sigh, "Erlang, let's take a break. We've been walking for most of the day, and I really can't walk anymore."

The frail teenager turned around and handed him a water bottle, saying, "Wild beasts occasionally appear in these mountains. It's not safe to rest here. I know there's a hidden cave not far ahead. If you're really tired, we can rest there."

The burly teenager took the water bottle, took a few gulps, and after a deep breath, he curiously asked, "Erlang, are there really immortals in these mountains?"

"Definitely, I've seen it with my own eyes," Erlang said confidently, looking up at the mountaintop hidden in the clouds.

The burly teenager, however, seemed skeptical, "Since five years ago, you've been obsessed with this and constantly sneaking into this Xie Li. I don't know how many times you've run back and forth, but I haven't seen you find a real immortal. In my opinion, you should give up on this idea. Seeking immortality and enlightenment is too elusive. In my opinion, you should focus on martial arts like me..."

The burly teenager was interrupted by Erlang, who furrowed his brow, "Wang Xuanba, why are you being as nagging as my mother? If you keep saying these useless words, you can go down the mountain by yourself!"

The burly teenager awkwardly touched the back of his head and wisely kept silent.

The two continued to climb towards the mountaintop along the path.

Not long after they walked, a chilly wind suddenly blew through the mountains.

Wang Xuanba's ears twitched, and his face changed. He took a step forward, grabbing Erlang and gesturing for silence.

"There's something up ahead..." His eyes narrowed slightly, about to speak up to warn, but he froze instantly.

A drop of cold sweat fell from his forehead.

On the mountain path ahead, accompanied by rustling sounds, a giant white python was slithering down the mountainside.

The white python had a massive body, with only a section of its head exposed, which was easily seven to eight meters long.

The rest of its body was concealed among the grass and trees of the mountain, and they had no idea how long it might be.

The white python had a face as thick as a washbasin, and its huge crimson eyes emitted a chilling red light.

It released thin trails of poison and raised its head as it moved along the mountain wall, heading towards the cliff below.

Seeing this terrifying creature, Wang Xuanba and Erlang were both terrified, unable to move, not even daring to breathe.

The massive body of the white python dragged on the ground for a long time before slowly disappearing from the sight of the two.

Phew...

Wang Xuanba heaved a sigh of relief and was about to speak, but he heard another rapid noise.

The enormous snake head suddenly reappeared from below the cliff, staring intently at the two!

Wang Xuanba and Erlang were petrified once again.

Hiss...

The white python swayed its head and moved slowly, approaching the two.

Its massive mouth opened, carrying a wave of foul odor.

Shrouded by the shadow of the white python, it seemed like their heads were about to be swallowed in a single gulp. Wang Xuanba couldn't bear it any longer.

He let out a loud roar, his muscles bulging all over, and his entire body expanded in an instant.

He flipped and jumped up, raising his fist and smashing it towards the white python's head below.

"Ding!"

The impact sounded like metal clashing!

At this moment, Erlang also moved.

With a step, the rocks beneath his feet turned to powder, and his figure became blurred. In the blink of an eye, he appeared behind the white python.

Forming a fist, he fiercely punched the back of the white python's head repeatedly.

"Ding! Ding! Ding!..."

The collision sounds echoed in their ears.

However, their attacks didn't even manage to break the white python's skin!

The white python roared, and its body twisted, hitting Wang Xuanba.

"Bang!"

Wang Xuanba was sent flying and crashed into the mountain wall, sending rocks flying.

The python didn't pursue Wang Xuanba but instead turned its head and, with its mouth wide open, bit towards Erlang.

Erlang couldn't dodge in time and could only extend both hands, firmly holding the python's mouth shut.

The white python let out a strange roar, suddenly exerting force.

Erlang's body almost disappeared into the white python's huge mouth, but he let out a muffled groan and managed to hold on.

After holding the stalemate for quite some time, the white python, unable to swallow the small human, became furious.

It continuously swung its body, constantly slamming Erlang against the mountain path and the mountain itself, trying to shake him off.

With each hit, Erlang's fingers became like sharp swords, piercing into the white python's flesh.

After a long time like this, the mountain path was marked with traces of Erlang colliding with the rocks. The white python's eyes flashed red, and a dark brown liquid sprayed from its mouth.

Erlang barely dodged his head, but he was still sprayed with the venom.

"Sizzle..."

As the venom corroded, Erlang's flesh appeared to have a faint golden glow.

He let out a muffled groan, finding it increasingly difficult to endure. The white python suddenly swung its head, spewing a dark brown liquid from its mouth.

Erlang barely avoided getting poison on his head, but the rest of his body was drenched.

"Sizzle..."

As the venom corroded his flesh, Erlang's skin emitted a faint golden light.

He grunted but could no longer hold on. He was thrown to the side by the white python, falling together with the unconscious Wang Xuanba.

Spitting out a mouthful of blood, he struggled to prop himself up and looked at the approaching white python, a hint of unwillingness in his eyes.

Ever since that evening in Mount Xie Li, witnessing the extraordinary figure of an immortal flying through the air, he couldn't forget the idea of seeking immortality and enlightenment.

Countless times he ventured into the mountains, all to find this immortal and become his disciple.

For this, he even had conflicts with his mother.

Who would have thought that instead of finding the immortal, he would meet his end in the mouth of this beast.

He, Sun Erlang, was born with divine strength and was proficient in all martial arts, yet ended up with such a fate. How could he be willing?

But now, shrouded in the shadow of the white python, his body devoid of strength to resist, Erlang could only despairingly close his eyes.

Just as Erlang resigned himself to fate, a clear crane cry suddenly came from the distant mountains.

Hearing this cry, the white python, as if encountering a natural enemy, lifted its head and released poison, tightly staring at the direction from which the sound came.

Erlang, seeing a chance, opened his eyes.

He saw a white crane flying from somewhere in the mountains, engaging in a fierce battle with the white python.

The white crane dodged the attacks of the python with agility, simultaneously pecking at the snake's body with its pointed beak, drawing blood.

Although the python was not as agile as the white crane, it had tough skin. Despite being hit by the crane dozens of times, it suffered no loss of vital energy.

But just one counterattack by the python would be enough to fatally wound the crane if it landed.

Gradually, the white crane found itself at a disadvantage.

Erlang watched these two extraordinary beasts fight a difficult battle as the surroundings faded to the back of his mind. He struggled to stand up and tried to pull Wang Xuanba to escape.

At this moment, there seemed to be a tide-like sound coming from the mountains.

Erlang was stunned, he looked up and witnessed a strange scene.

In the sky, countless birds flocked from various parts of the mountains, like a dense cloud, flying towards this direction.

On the mountain, rodents, reptiles, primates, tigers, leopards, and countless animals Erlang had never seen before suddenly emerged from various places, forming a tide of beasts rushing towards the place where the crane and python were entangled.

Erlang realized the situation and his face turned pale.

In this tide of beasts, there was no chance of survival for the two of them!

The red-eyed white python also sensed the danger and no longer fought with the white crane, trying to leave the area.

However, the white crane would not let it go and fought relentlessly as if it had an irreconcilable enmity with the python. Even if it was covered in blood and shattered, it refused to let it escape.

In the blink of an eye, the birds and the tide of animals arrived.

They ignored the white crane and Erlang, and their target was only the giant python!

The white python let out a terrified cry, surrounded by countless wild animals. It was truly a situation where there was no way to escape.

All the birds and beasts, one after another, pledged to gnaw the python to the end.

They wouldn't stop until it was dead!

The white python was overwhelmed by the tide of beasts, and its struggle gradually weakened.

After who knows how long, there was no more sound.

After this, the beasts gradually dispersed.

But there was nothing left behind of the massive red-eyed white python, not even a single bone.

Witnessing this eerie scene, Erlang stood still, stunned, unable to speak for a long while.

After swallowing hard, it took him a long time to come to his senses.

Suddenly, he seemed to think of something and shouted loudly, looking around, "Immortal Master, is that you?"

"It must be you, right?"

In his view, the unusual tide of beasts just now must have been the work of the hermit immortal residing in Mount Xie Li.

Erlang was a little excited and eager.

Unfortunately, his voice was almost hoarse, and he still couldn't see the trace of the Immortal Master.

So he fell into deep disappointment.

And not far from him, Li Fan was watching him with a smile.

The immortal was right in front of him, but the mortal couldn't see him.

"This kid is not bad; his physique seems to be somewhat special, and his determination to seek the Dao is quite firm," Li Fan looked at Erlang with a hint of approval in his eyes.

"Unfortunately, I have not gained a firm foothold myself, so how can I teach you?" Li Fan shook his head with a smile.

"It's better to wait and give you a chance in the future!"

He lightly pointed towards Erlang.

Sun Erlang suddenly felt confused, and then looked around in a daze, and finally carried the unconscious Wang Xuanba and left.

Watching the two leave Mount Xie Li, Li Fan then looked at the crime scene where the white python was devoured, feeling a bit pleased.

"All the effort I've put into studying for these nine years isn't in vain. This formless killing intent is indeed extraordinary."

In this life, since he had already reached late stage Qi Condensation, in order to avoid the influence of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, he simply came to hide in Mount Xie Li.

While waiting for [Truth], he practiced diligently.

Due to the absence of spiritual energy in this desolate place, most of his time was spent comprehending the heavenly aura that he had observed and felt in his previous life.

Night and day for nine years, with great effort and persistence, he finally comprehended a formless killing intent.

Once this formless killing intent was applied, it could disguise itself as the killing intent of the heavens to a certain extent and in a certain range.

There were various forms of killing intent in the heavens, each leading to different calamities.

When locked onto by this formless killing intent, one would fall into calamities without Li Fan having to personally take action.

Just like the white python just now, when locked onto by Li Fan's formless killing intent, it became the target of heavenly calamities within the range of Mount Xie Li.

The heavens and the earth nurture all things, and the will of the heavens and the earth governs the vast majority of beings in the world.

Countless animals thus formed endless killing intent towards this white python as well.

This killing intent would only disappear when the white python died completely.

Using a false heavenly mandate—this is the formidable aspect of the formless killing intent.

Not only is its power remarkable and its methods treacherous, but the concealment of the formless killing intent is also extremely high.

The formless killing intent itself is like the killing intent of the heavens and the earth, akin to a pure will and rule.

Ordinary cultivators are fundamentally unable to perceive it.

Having so many advantages, it is truly an essential product for killing.

No wonder Li Fan is so satisfied.

Of course, the initial test subject for the formless killing intent was an ordinary beast in the mountains, so the momentum was quite grand.

As for the specific effects on cultivators of the same or even higher cultivation level as Li Fan, it would have to be personally tried by Li Fan in the future to know.

After the experiment with the divine ability, Li Fan returned to the thatched hut in seclusion at the peak of Mount Xie Li.

After a simple tidy-up, Li Fan checked the progress of the recharging of [Truth].

It was already at 99%.

"It's time to set foot in the cultivation world again."

At this moment, Li Fan summoned the Tai Yan Boat and flew to Xuanjing City.

With the power of an immortal, just like in his previous life, he looted a large amount of treasures and food.

After filling the Tai Yan Boat, Li Fan arrived outside Qian Hong's tomb.

Now, with his cultivation, the restriction of the Stone Tablet of Prohibition could no longer harm him.

Entering Qian Hong's tomb, Li Fan took out the bound Stone Tablet of Prohibition from [Truth].

The two Stone Tablet of Prohibitions merged into each other, forming a brand new Stone Tablet of Prohibition.

It didn't look as old as before, with just a few cracks on the stone body.

But in terms of quality, it seemed to still be lacking that tiny bit.

Li Fan didn't mind.

After experiencing the immense power of the Canghai Pearl, he was already a bit indifferent towards this Stone Tablet of Prohibition.

Anyway, it would be sold to the Tianxuan Mirror in exchange for contribution points.

Bringing the two martial arts manuals from Qian Hong's tomb and the damaged Tai Yan Boat along with him, Li Fan was about to leave on his own boat.

After flying a certain distance, he returned again, collected Qian Hong's remains, and prepared to take them back to the cultivation world to fulfill his dying wish.

At this moment, Li Fan was no longer obstructed, smoothly passed through the Immortal Extinction Formation, and returned to the cultivation world.

Seeing the azure ocean of clouds once again, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sense of being in a different world.

He took out Qian Hong's remains, turned them into ashes, and scattered them in the sea.

Above the sky, a strange phenomenon occurred.

Petals fell from the branches, drifting with the wind endlessly.

"Foundation Establishment cultivator Qian Hong, practiced the Dao for two hundred and sixty-five years, achieving Foundation Establishment with the extraordinary object, 'Drifting Plum.'"

"Wandering outside for three thousand six hundred and seventy years, now his soul returns to his homeland, and his Dao returns to heaven!"

The strange phenomenon lasted only for the time it took for half a joss stick to burn, then disappeared without a trace.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 62: Pursued Without Reason


After the vision disappeared, Li Fan keenly sensed that something inexplicable had changed within himself.

However, upon closer inspection, he couldn't quite figure out what this change was.

But it probably wasn't a bad thing.

Li Fan decided to temporarily put it aside and just keep this matter in mind.

After determining his current location, Li Fan noticed that it was slightly off from where he appeared in the immortal cultivation world in his previous life.

But the difference wasn't significant.

The closest place from here was Liuli Island, so Li Fan decided to go there first.

After all, in his previous life, he spent a long time on Liuli Island and was quite familiar with it.

He Zhenghao, though a bit greedy, was relatively reliable in his actions.

Compared to others, Li Fan preferred to interact with acquaintances and minimize uncertainties.

After choosing the direction, Li Fan didn't manipulate the Tai Yan Boat much, but instead used a wind-controlling technique to fly towards Liuli Island.

The role Li Fan wanted to play now was that of a loose cultivator in the Cong Yun Sea, who, by a stroke of luck, had cultivated to the later stage of Qi Condensation.

He wanted to break through to the Foundation Establishment stage but couldn't find a way, so he wanted to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

In the current cultivation world, life for loose cultivators could be described as extremely difficult.

Unlike members of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association who had fixed channels to obtain techniques, loose cultivators often had to risk their lives exploring various ancient sect ruins to find a technique.

Not only did they have to face the dangers and traps within the ruins, but they also had to be careful of fellow cultivators who were also eyeing them.

One misstep could lead to a fatal end.

Despite all this, these loose cultivators were still unwilling to join the two major organizations; they simply didn't want to be bound by others and work for them.

For loose cultivators, freedom was above all.

Different choices were just a matter of differing perspectives, and it was hard to say what was better or worse.

Therefore, the Tai Yan Boat was a bit ostentatious for a loose cultivator's identity.

To avoid unnecessary trouble and suspicion, Li Fan chose to fly on his own using wind control.

It was a bit slower, but Li Fan was in no hurry, and it was a good opportunity to adapt.

During his time in the Grand Xuan Kingdom, Li Fan had a vague sense that his affinity for spiritual energy had inexplicably increased in this life.

But because there was no spiritual energy in the Land of Immortal Extinction, he couldn't verify it.

When he arrived in the cultivation world and sensed and absorbed the surrounding spiritual energy, Li Fan finally confirmed that his premonition was correct.

If in the previous life, he forcibly absorbed spiritual energy through the Root of Heaven and Earth like a water pump...

Then in this life, with just a thought, the spiritual energy of heaven and earth would enter his dantian cooperatively, without the need for coercion.

Although it still couldn't compare to the intimacy with spiritual energy that Xiao Heng mentioned, it was much better than before.

Li Fan speculated that the reason for this change was likely due to the Root of Heaven and Earth.

The Root of Heaven and Earth in the previous life was cultivated through emotions like greed, fear, anger, hatred, and selfishness.

However, in this life, the Root of Heaven and Earth in Li Fan's dantian was directly manifested through [Truth].

If the Root of Heaven and Earth cultivated through the Five Spirit Qi Sensing method was filled with negative emotions such as brutality and darkness...

Then the Root of Heaven and Earth bestowed by [Truth] was balanced, peaceful, and natural.

Unexpectedly, inheriting the cultivation from the previous life through [Truth] also came with such benefits.

In the midst of his joy, Li Fan also faintly felt that there might be even deeper reasons for this.

However, before he could contemplate further, his expression suddenly changed.

Because, in Li Fan's perception, a murderous intent appeared in the distance, firmly locking onto him and rapidly flying towards him.

Moreover, the opponent's aura was powerful, at least at the Foundation Establishment stage!

Although it felt somewhat inexplicable, Li Fan didn't hesitate.

He directly summoned the Tai Yan Boat and increased its speed to the maximum, fleeing to the nearest Liuli Island.

The opponent seemed to be caught off guard by Li Fan actually having a treasure like a flying boat. At first, there was a moment of astonishment, but then the speed increased even more.

Inside the Tai Yan Boat, Li Fan's face turned grim.

The distance was too far, exceeding the range covered by his divine sense.

But judging from the slowly approaching killing intent, the speed of the opponent was definitely beyond his piloting of the Tai Yan Boat.

After hesitating for a moment, Li Fan headed towards the opponent and released formless killing intent.

Suddenly, everything around him dimmed, and he heard a faint murmur.

The surroundings became hallucinatory and distorted.

It seemed like there were countless pairs of eyes secretly watching Li Fan.

Fortunately, this hallucination-like scene came and went quickly.

It was just a momentary blur, and things returned to normal immediately.

Li Fan was aware that the previous illusion was a side effect of using the formless killing intent across realms.

The formless killing intent was like borrowing the mandate of heaven.

Since it was a borrowed mandate, it naturally carried risks.

Even when mortals falsely conveyed the emperor's edict, they could face severe punishment, not to mention pretending to control the mandate of heaven.

The greater the difference in cultivation level between oneself and the target of the killing intent, the more likely it was for the will of heaven and earth to sense it.

Fortunately, at the moment, it seemed that just crossing a major realm didn't pose a significant problem.

After releasing the formless killing intent, there was no immediate reaction.

But soon, Li Fan sensed a sudden wind in the air.

This wind kept swirling on the path of the opponent's advance, quickly forming into a tornado.

The tornado carried a faint green light and resembled a huge dragon, roaring towards the opponent.

Caught off guard, the person was hit squarely by the tornado.

Seizing this opportunity, Li Fan accelerated his escape.

Soon, a deafening roar came from behind.

It seemed that the opponent managed to escape the tornado and was flying towards Li Fan's direction even faster.

The killing intent intensified.

Just as the person was about to approach Li Fan, a giant shark leaped high from beneath the sea surface and devoured him in one bite.

The shark then fell back into the sea, splashing high water sprays.

"Bang!"

A burst of flames erupted from the sea.

The shark was burnt to ashes, and the person appeared somewhat disheveled as he flew out of the sea, looking somewhat frustrated.

Sensing Li Fan's whereabouts again, he accelerated his pursuit.

But every time he got close to Li Fan, he encountered unexpected situations.

So, the two of them chased each other all the way. Although he was much faster than Li Fan, he couldn't catch up with him.

Finally, Liuli Island was in sight.

The person cautiously looked around for a moment, and seeing that there seemed to be no more unexpected events, he breathed a sigh of relief, his expression serious, and was about to use his techniques to kill Li Fan.

In the sky, under the clear daylight, a sudden thunderbolt struck down.

Directly hitting him.

If it weren't for a light that lit up on his body at a critical moment, offsetting most of the damage from the thunderbolt, he probably would have lost his life.

Even so, the person was charred all over and hardly resembled a human.

Seeing this, Li Fan quickly flew towards the central guardian array on Liuli Island.

The person hesitated in mid-air for a moment before recovering.

Startled and angry, he shouted loudly, "He Zhenghao, come out and help me kill this little thief!"

From Liuli Island came the familiar voice of He Zhenghao: "Protector Wan? How did you end up in this state?"

...

Li Fan, who was flying towards Liuli Island, heard the conversation between the two and immediately stopped.

Surrounded by the two, with no way to escape, Li Fan cursed inwardly.

Then he silently recited in his mind.

[Truth]!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 63: Return to Liuli Island


[The simulation ends.]

...

As Li Fan regained consciousness, he was still somewhat speechless. The previous life was the shortest one he had experienced.

It was forcibly ended after just nine years.

Originally, he had ambitious plans and various strategies.

Unexpectedly, as soon as he entered the cultivation world, he was inexplicably targeted and hunted down.

What was even more absurd was that the pursuer was a member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

He didn't know the identity of the other party, yet he still wanted to seek refuge with He Zhenghao on Liuli Island.

As a result, he ended up being surrounded by two Foundation Establishment cultivators.

The opponent came from a thousand miles away with a clear target: to kill Li Fan.

Li Fan didn't believe that the other party would reveal the reason for hunting him down if he asked.

And facing two Foundation Establishment cultivators, he had no chance of survival.

So he decisively chose to start over.

...

Why would a member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance hunt him down?

And shortly after he had just entered the cultivation world?

Li Fan furrowed his brows, deep in thought and perplexed.

Without resolving this issue, all his future plans would just be empty talk.

The Cong Yun Sea was currently under the control of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and they could clearly lock onto his position through some means.

Where did things go wrong?

Could it be because he brought back Qian Hong's remains to the cultivation world? Or perhaps...

Li Fan carefully examined and eliminated each item he possessed.

In the end, he pinpointed the target.

"Minor Yan Water Technique."

Li Fan thought it over and found that this cultivation technique had the highest suspicion.

After all, he currently had no connection whatsoever with the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Only this cultivation technique was inherited from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance in his previous life.

Li Fan narrowed his eyes and pondered for a while, and he already had an answer in his heart.

"The 'Minor Yan Water Technique' and all other cultivation techniques must be under constant surveillance by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. If they suddenly discover that a certain technique has not been exchanged and the number of cultivators practicing it has increased by one, they will know that the technique has been leaked."

"No matter how it is leaked, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will definitely reclaim the technique. As for the method of reclamation, it's simply to kill."

"Why can they directly lock onto my location..."

"Cultivators who practice the same technique can sense each other and perceive each other's positions."

"To reclaim a Qi refining stage technique, they actually dispatched Foundation Establishment cultivators. Judging from the way he spoke to He Zhenghao, I'm afraid his cultivation level is higher than He Zhenghao's. At the very least, he is in the mid Foundation Establishment stage, or possibly the late Foundation Establishment stage."

He could imagine the scene.

In the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, thousands of pieces of information about cultivation techniques were arranged in order, densely packed like a high wall.

And in front of the high wall, a pair of eyes were staring intently.

Every change in these cultivation techniques was captured by these eyes.

Once the number of cultivators practicing a certain technique suddenly changed from someone to zero, or if a technique that was originally not being practiced suddenly had someone practicing it without being exchanged, The owner of these eyes would calmly make arrangements.

"Guardian, guardian..."

"So this is the role of a guardian!"

Li Fan clapped and praised.

Looking at the options that still appeared vividly before his eyes, Li Fan calmed down and chose to retain the cultivation level he had in his previous life.

In the blink of an eye, he returned to the Qi Condensation stage.

After that, Li Fan didn't hesitate at all. He operated the 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture' and converted the cultivation level of the 'Minor Yan Water Technique' from Qi Condensation stage into pure energy.

After that, he did exactly what he had done in his previous life.

After 9 years, Li Fan returned to the cultivation world.

Passing through the Immortal Extinction Array, Li Fan waited in place for a while.

Sure enough, his guess was correct.

Without cultivating the "Minor Yan Water Technique," he didn't attract the pursuit of the Guardian from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Only then did Li Fan slowly head towards Liuli Island.

When flying near the sea area of Liuli Island, a certain scene from Li Fan's memory suddenly flashed.

He immediately stopped and looked below.

His gaze pierced through the barrier of seawater, reaching the depths of the sea.

There, groups of Liuli Fish were dragging the bodies of mortals they had found from various parts of the ocean, which had fallen for various reasons, and offering them to a giant golden Liuli Fish.

This golden Liuli fish swayed its bloated body, one by one, consuming the human bodies collected by its subordinates.

After chewing and spitting out the broken bones, it revealed a somewhat dissatisfied expression.

It greedily looked at the sea surface.

It seemed that there were more, fresher mortals there.

...

Li Fan looked at this scene and snorted.

The formless killing intent acted accordingly.

...

Beneath the deep sea, the Liuli Fish that were originally crowded around the leader, diligently offering food, suddenly froze.

The golden Liuli Fish was a little dissatisfied, about to teach its little brothers a lesson, but suddenly realized that the school of Liuli Fish around it had become somewhat abnormal.

Their eyes were glowing red, all staring at the giant golden Liuli Fish.

The golden Liuli Fish felt something was wrong and wanted to escape.

But it was too late.

Countless Liuli Fish went mad, surrounding it.

The figure of the golden Liuli Fish disappeared within the school of fish.

Streams of golden blood slowly floated to the surface.

...

Li Fan held a glass bead the size of a pigeon's egg in his hand, observing carefully.

"Unfortunately, it's not a rare heavenly treasure."

"But just carrying it has effects similar to swallowing a Liuli Pill. It's still quite extraordinary."

Li Fan, satisfied, put it away and continued to fly towards Liuli Island.

As he approached Liuli Island, Li Fan stopped in mid-air and released his spiritual energy.

In just a moment, a voice came from afar, "Which fellow Daoist is coming to my Liuli Island?"

Along with the voice, the figure of He Zhenghao appeared.

Although He Zhenghao had a Foundation Establishment cultivation level, in the face of a Qi Condensation stage cultivator who came uninvited, he did not act arrogantly, addressing him as a fellow Daoist.

"I have met fellow Daoist He!" Li Fan cupped his hands.

"I am Li Fan, a wandering cultivator from the Cong Yun Sea. Reaching the Qi Condensation stage was already extremely difficult, and I know I have no hope of reaching Foundation Establishment as a wandering cultivator."

"So, I wish to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and seek a Foundation Establishment technique."

Li Fan paused and continued, "I have long heard of fellow Daoist's sense of justice, generosity, and kindness, so I came to pay my respects."

"I hope fellow Daoist can recommend me. Once successful, I will surely return this favor!"

He Zhenghao was a bit stunned when he heard that Li Fan wanted to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

He never expected that one day he would encounter such a stroke of luck.

When Li Fan mentioned repayment in the future, He Zhenghao was even more delighted, "Oh, fellow Daoist, you're too kind. We cultivators all know that cultivation is not easy, and if we can help, we will. Rest assured, your matter of joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, I will take care of it!"

Li Fan smiled slightly, "Fellow Daoist's reputation as a generous benefactor is indeed well-deserved, I admire you."

He Zhenghao was about to explain that he didn't have a reputation as a generous benefactor, but he thought about it and felt that this description was quite appropriate.

If it could spread, it would greatly benefit his cultivation in seclusion. So he didn't deny it.

The two of them smiled at each other.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 64: Rejoining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance


Li Fan stood by, observing Liuli Island on the 9th year after the anchor point.

At this moment, Liuli Island was far from the prosperity Li Fan had seen in his previous life.

The population was less than a third of what it would be ten years later, lacking much vitality.

Traces of the devastation caused by the hurricane could still be faintly seen at the edge of the island, and the faces of mortals rarely showed smiles.

Liuli Island had not yet recovered its vitality from the massive hurricane five years ago.

"If the charging speed of [Truth] could be further increased, there might be a chance to witness it," Li Fan contemplated inwardly.

When he was still a mortal, he heard about the power of the hurricane, which could cut away two-thirds of Liuli Island. Li Fan deeply felt the terror of the power of nature.

However, Li Fan later witnessed scenes like the boiling of the sea and its transformation into mountains within a dozen years.

In comparison, this hurricane didn't seem as significant.

...

Li Fan was currently waiting for He Zhenghao to return from Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

According to He Zhenghao, cultivators with a cultivation level of Foundation Establishment or above would be autonomously attacked by the Ten Thousand Immortals Array if they went to Liuli Island without permission.

So He Zhenghao went ahead to arrange the passage permit for Li Fan.

However, he didn't make Li Fan wait for long.

Soon, He Zhenghao returned.

"Thank you for keeping your promise!" He handed a jade token with a "万" [1] character engraved on it to Li Fan.

"Fellow Daoist, leave your own aura on this passage token," He Zhenghao said.

Li Fan took the token and infused it with spiritual energy.

On the "万" character of the token, a light flashed and then disappeared.

Seeing this, He Zhenghao nodded, "That should be enough."

Then, he reminded, "After you officially join our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, remember to return this passage token. It must not be lost. Otherwise, you'll have to compensate with the corresponding contribution points."

He Zhenghao seemed to recall a very unpleasant event and twitched his face, saying, "Such a small token actually costs a hundred contribution points, it's really..."

He stopped halfway when he saw Li Fan looking at him with interest.

"Fellow Daoist, forgive me if you find it amusing!" He Zhenghao coughed lightly, and his expression returned to normal.

Leading Li Fan to the interior of the island protection array, He Zhenghao activated the teleportation array.

After a moment of dizziness, Li Fan finally returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

On the Transmission Square, the statue of an old man with a tall crown and long beard stood silently, overlooking Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Cultivators rushed back and forth, using various teleportation arrays to go to different places in the Cong Yun Sea.

...

At this moment, who among them could anticipate that everything here would turn into nothingness shortly?

Li Fan felt somewhat emotional.

He Zhenghao assumed he was astonished by the spectacular scenery of Ten Thousand Immortals Island and didn't pay much attention.

Just like in the previous life, he was introducing various things to Li Fan.

"This is Transmission Square, built to commemorate the Immortal Ancestor's teaching of the Dao..."

Li Fan nodded as he listened.

Following the path, the two arrived at the location of the Tianxuan Mirror.

"Fellow Daoist, you were previously an independent cultivator, so there are things you might not know. Members of my Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance can recommend independent cultivators from the outside to join. Depending on the recommended member's cultivation level and potential, we'll receive corresponding contribution rewards."

Before entering the Tianxuan Mirror, He Zhenghao seemed to have remembered something and turned back to Li Fan and said, "So, the fact that you came to ask for my help also benefits me."

"I see. I was worried that it might be difficult for fellow Daoist He, but I overthought it," Li Fan looked suddenly enlightened, then solemnly said, "Regardless, I won't forget fellow Daoist's assistance."

He Zhenghao smiled and nodded, quite satisfied with Li Fan's reaction.

Afterward, the two entered the Tianxuan Mirror.

"This person is the Qi Condensation cultivator I previously reported who wishes to join our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance," He Zhenghao said, looking at Li Fan in the space of the Tianxuan Mirror.

After a moment, a voice sounded within the space.

"Referring a late stage Qi Condensation cultivator, recorded as first-class merit, equates to 300 contribution points. Current total contribution points: 1340."

He Zhenghao was momentarily stunned upon hearing this, and then a hint of surprise flashed in his eyes.

He stared at Li Fan for a while and asked, "May I ask, how old are you now?"

Li Fan thought for a moment and then replied, "Twenty-nine, I suppose."

He Zhenghao took in a sharp breath, looking shocked, "A twenty-nine-year-old late stage Qi Condensation independent cultivator..."

Then he was overjoyed, "Fellow Daoist, your talent is truly unprecedented."

He immediately took out a communication token shaped like a mountain peak and handed it to Li Fan, saying, "You've just arrived, and you'll encounter many problems. Feel free to ask me if you have any questions. I will tell you everything I know."

"If you run into any trouble that you can't solve, you can also ask for my assistance. Although my cultivation is only at mid-Foundation Establishment stage, I have quite a wide network. In the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, I have some influence."

Li Fan nodded gratefully.

After He Zhenghao gave a few more instructions and left with an excited expression, Li Fan regained his composure.

"The treatment this time is much better than the last life," Li Fan said, storing He Zhenghao's communication token.

"In the cultivation world, most cultivators are solitary. Someone like He Zhenghao is indeed quite rare. Besides, it's just that my cultivation talent is a bit better. He might be a bit too enthusiastic," Li Fan thought for a moment but couldn't find a clear reason.

He had a vague feeling that it might be related to the cultivation technique He Zhenghao was practicing. However, he could sense that He Zhenghao had no ill intentions, so he didn't dwell on it.

"Divine sense fluctuations recorded."

"Created an independent space."

"Cultivator Li Fan, welcome to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. As a benefit, you will be given 100 contribution points for free. You can use contribution points to exchange for spiritual stones, cultivation techniques, magical treasures, and more."

...

The Tianxuan Mirror began to explain relevant matters.

Although he was already very familiar with it, Li Fan still listened carefully while comparing the situation with his previous life.

Li Fan found that after advancing to the late stage of Qi Condensation, the contribution points required to activate the auxiliary cultivation mode increased from 10 points per day to 30 points per day.

"The higher the realm, the more resources needed. This is reasonable. It seems that I'll have to gather a large number of contribution points first."

Accumulating contribution points slowly by doing tasks wasn't something Li Fan was interested in.

In fact, he had a plan on how to earn a large number of contribution points quickly.

Spending 10 contribution points, he purchased a slightly larger storage ring. Afterward, Li Fan used the teleportation array to go outside for a trip.

In a deserted place, he stored all the gold, silver, and treasures he had scavenged from the Tai Yan Boat into the storage ring.

Then he quickly returned and requested the exchange.

"A batch of gold and silver: can be converted to 863 contribution points."

"Heavenly treasure: 'Stone Tablet of Prohibition'. Quality: flawed. Can be converted to 1968 contribution points."

After a moment, the notification from the Tianxuan Mirror popped up.

*****

[1] "万" means thousand, as in Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 65: One Hundred Thousand Contribution Points


In the previous life, Li Fan spent a significant portion of the treasures he had scavenged by salvaging and whitewashing to obtain a spot in the Pure Body Spirit Pool of Liuli Island.

In the end, he was left with only 235 contribution points.

In this life, with a total value of 863 contribution points, Li Fan understood why some cultivators sneakily helped ordinary people smuggle into the cultivation world.

Li Fan had only raided a few corrupt officials and rich families and already earned over 800 contribution points.

It was reasonable to assume that those cultivators could easily earn over a thousand points in one outing.

It is important to note that a cultivation technique costs just over a thousand points.

If done once every decade, it could be considered a substantial income.

"Wealth moves hearts…"

Li Fan sighed and took out the golden Liuli Pearl he obtained from the giant Liuli Fish.

"Golden Liuli Pearl can be converted to 850 contribution points."

After some thought, Li Fan realized that this giant Liuli Pearl was a weakened version of the Liuli Pill. Its effects were slightly inferior, but it didn't deplete upon use.

Considering its potential usefulness in future cultivation, Li Fan chose not to exchange it and instead kept it.

Looking at his total of 2,831 contribution points, Li Fan shook his head.

It was still not enough; it was too little!

After all, heavenly treasures cost over two thousand points.

Li Fan realized when he was chased by the guards of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, that although he had the cultivation level of late Qi Condensation, his actual combat strength was quite low.

His primary cultivation technique, "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra," lacked effective means of offense.

Apart from the formless killing intent he comprehended, he had no other means to defend himself.

While the formless killing intent was formidable, it had a fatal flaw: it often required some time to take effect.

It was more suitable for sneak attacks rather than facing an opponent head-on.

In a battle or under siege, Li Fan could only choose to run.

Moreover, he only knew the most basic flight technique, so he likely couldn't outrun others.

Unable to win in a fight and unable to escape—tragedy was inevitable.

Therefore, Li Fan wanted all the combat techniques, escape arts, defensive techniques, artifacts, formations, and elixirs available in the Tianxuan Mirror.

As many as possible!

However, this amount of contribution points was simply insufficient.

After pondering for a moment, he started to look at the bounties posted by other cultivators in the Tianxuan Mirror.

In his previous life, when he assimilated with the Canghai Pearl's consciousness, he saw many hidden treasures and secrets within the Cong Yun Sea.

Some of them were within his current capabilities to obtain, such as the giant Liuli Pearl.

There are still many things that are extremely dangerous, and not easy for even Foundation Establishment cultivators to obtain.

Instead of letting these secrets rot in the sea, it's better to choose some to sell early on and quickly turn them into one's own strength.

His gaze quickly swept through.

When he saw one of the tasks, Li Fan suddenly stopped.

His divine sense moved, and he checked the task details.

Elder Chen from the Medicine Hall lacked a certain auxiliary material for alchemy: Blue Blood Coral.

Now, he's offering a reward to all in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance: 1000 contribution points for providing relevant information, and 3000 contribution points for directly providing the Blue Blood Coral.

Li Fan looked through the other tasks, but this one was the most prominent one and had the highest known reward.

So, Li Fan took on this task.

"In the northwest area of the Cong Yun Sea, about two hundred miles west of the Mist Crow Island. I've seen this coral on the seafloor."

"Unfortunately, there is a sea snake guarding the coral."

"I'm not sure about the specific strength of the sea snake, but even from a distance, I felt a fatal danger."

...

Li Fan fabricated a set of words and submitted the task.

He believed that with the efficiency of the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, the authenticity of the information he provided would soon be confirmed.

Sure enough, just half a day later, Li Fan received the task reward.

However, interestingly, the reward task for the Blue Blood Coral was not canceled but still hung there.

"It seems that Elder Chen needs a considerable quantity of Blue Blood Coral. I wonder what pill he's trying to refine."

Just for one ingredient, he was willing to spend 3000 contribution points. Obviously, the pill he intended to refine was extraordinary.

However, Li Fan was just curious.

Elder Chen was said to be the chief elder of the Medicine Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, a great cultivator in the Nascent Soul stage. At that level, Li Fan was still far from reaching it.

Suppressing the curiosity that surged within him, Li Fan focused on one of the most prominent bounties among the many.

This was also the reason why Li Fan was eager to improve his own strength.

Task: Bounty for the "Cloud Water Map."

Reward: One hundred thousand contribution points.

Just two simple lines, with no other explanation.

But that number of one hundred thousand contribution points made all the cultivators who saw it tremble in excitement.

That was a hundred thousand contribution points!

Many cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance might not accumulate this much in their entire lifetime.

With these hundred thousand contribution points, reaching the Golden Core stage would be a breeze!

Countless cultivators looked at these two lines repeatedly, daydreaming about the glorious scenes after completing the task.

Unfortunately, the bounty task had been hanging there for over a decade, never reaching completion.

Even the nature of "Cloud Water Map" was unknown to anyone.

And the task issuer was also extremely mysterious, never showing up or making any statements.

It seemed to signal that if you knew, you knew; if you didn't, speaking wouldn't help.

In the Cong Yun Sea, at present, nobody knows where the "Cloud Water Map" was.

Except for Li Fan.

"The 'Cloud Water Map' is in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace," Li Fan kept repeating in his mind.

This "Cloud Water Map" worth a whopping one hundred thousand contribution points was in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

The Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, or rather the ruins of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, was the place mentioned by Xiao Heng in the letter, where he went to search for heavenly treasures.

The reason why nobody knew this secret yet was simply because the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace had not yet manifested in this world.

In the previous life, Li Fan became interested in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace only because of Xiao Heng's message.

Then, he recorded this upcoming event in his mind.

The ruins of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace would emerge.

It was said to be the most powerful sect within the Cong Yun Sea in ancient times.

When the great calamity of heaven and earth arrived, the disciples of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace fought each other, and only one in a thousand individuals survived.

The surviving individuals decided to activate a protective array to hide from the world.

Since then, the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace has been concealed by the array and hidden in the central sea area of the Cong Yun Sea.

It was only the eleventh year after his anchor point that the array was broken, and the hidden Cloud Water Heavenly Palace reappeared in the world.

However, the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace that chose to hide from the world had also not escaped the fate of destruction.

When the cultivators of the Cong Yun Sea entered, they discovered that the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace had long turned into a ruin filled with bizarre scenes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 66: Descent of Anomalies


At that time, the first group to enter the ruins of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace consisted of over a hundred cultivators, most of whom were in the Foundation Establishment and Qi Condensation stages.

They thought it was just an ordinary ruin, but to their surprise, the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace was filled with anomalies. Under this unexpected turn of events, the casualties were severe.

In the end, less than one-tenth of them managed to survive.

Among them was a person named Sikong Yi.

This person only had a cultivation level of late Qi Condensation stage and seemed quite ordinary.

Everyone thought he had merely survived by luck.

No one expected that it was this inconspicuous Sikong Yi who, upon returning to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, submitted the "Cloud Water Map" and received the reward of a whopping one hundred thousand contribution points.

After receiving the reward, Sikong Yi used a long-distance teleportation array and disappeared from sight of everyone in the Cong Yun Sea.

Since then, Sikong Yi never appeared again.

"Search for information related to 'anomalies' and 'sect ruins'," Li Fan recalled memories from his previous life and spoke to the Tianxuan Mirror.

In an instant, hundreds and thousands of pieces of information emerged.

However, the majority of them displayed only the initial few sentences. To obtain complete information, one had to spend a certain amount of contribution points.

Li Fan didn't hesitate and immediately spent 100 contribution points to purchase the most popular guide, "Survival Guide for Sect Ruins."

The author of this guide was named Qi Yuanzhou, a wandering cultivator.

He had been exploring various ruins for many years and had reached the Golden Core stage before joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Being able to consistently survive perilous sect ruins, Qi Yuanzhou naturally had exceptional qualities.

The "Survival Guide for Sect Ruins" he wrote was highly praised and regarded as a must-read by many cultivators.

The ruins of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace were treacherous and dangerous. Although Li Fan had prior knowledge, he didn't dare to be careless.

He carefully read the guide.

In ancient times, when the great calamity arrived, countless sects were destroyed, leaving only remnants and ruins.

Some of these ruins had already been explored countless times by cultivators over the years, and they were left clean, devoid of anything valuable.

Others remained unexplored due to the extreme danger and vastness of the ruins. Even now, many cultivators venture in annually, seeking either techniques or breakthrough opportunities.

Then, there were those sects that had remained hidden from the world, shielded by arrays and subworlds. These were untouched virgin lands and were considered treasure troves. Once revealed, they would undoubtedly attract nearby cultivators.

The experiences outlined in the "Survival Guide for Sect Ruins" were tailored for these latter two categories.

The guide mentioned that in today's cultivation world, all valuable and worthy-to-explore sects could be divided into two main types.

One was those without anomalies.

The other was with anomalies.

For those without anomalies, as long as one was cautious and watchful of array formations, there generally wouldn't be any particularly huge danger.

However, if there were anomalies, extreme caution was required.

The term "anomalies" referred to the various bizarre phenomena within the ruins that couldn't be measured by common sense.

These peculiarities seemed to not belong to this world and often had their own unique set of rules.

These anomaly rules also varied in strength.

In the world of cultivation, it was conventionally agreed to classify the intensity of these anomalies.

According to the highest realm of cultivators they could affect, they were categorized into Qi Condensation level anomalies, Foundation Establishment level anomalies, and Golden Core level anomalies, among others.

Cultivators within the range of the anomalies rules had to follow these rules if their cultivation level was lower than the rule's strength.

If they violated these rules, death was inevitable.

If their cultivation level was higher than the strength of the anomalies rule, they might be unaffected by the anomaly and escape death.

However high your cultivation level is, you cannot change the nature of the phenomena.

Even strong individuals in the Nascent Soul stage cannot alter the anomalies of the Qi Condensation level.

It is even more difficult to save a cultivator who violates the anomaly rules within.

Once living beings enter the range of the anomalies, the rules will be triggered.

Only when the death toll reaches a certain number or the anomalies are unraveled can the cultivators inside be able to leave.

The guide provided an example.

150 years ago, an unnamed island near the western part of the Cong Yun Sea suddenly had a cave appear.

Since its appearance, rays of light would radiate from it, illuminating the sky for hundreds of miles.

Many cultivators were attracted by the treasure light and entered to explore.

After a careful search, the cultivators discovered that this cave was built by a Nascent Soul stage solitary cultivator from ancient times, Senior Hongzhi, before his death.

The cave contained over a dozen cultivation techniques and countless magical treasures.

Filled with joy, these cultivators started to seize the treasures.

At this moment, a horrifying event occurred.

All the cultivators who had smiled due to obtaining a technique or magical treasure suddenly had their heads fly off for unknown reasons.

Their smiles were frozen in place.

In an instant, more than half of the cultivators present died.

The remaining cultivators were also frightened, thinking that there might be restrictions on the techniques or magical treasures.

Fearing to disturb the treasure scattered all over the ground, they fled the cave.

After the news spread, some cultivators who didn't believe in superstitions came to test the anomaly.

After holding the treasures for a while without triggering any restrictions, they also revealed disdainful or joyful smiles.

Immediately after, their bodies were dismembered, and their heads fell to the ground.

Only a naturally poker-faced cultivator survived the catastrophe.

However, even he was frightened by this terrifying scene and hastily grabbed a magical treasure and fled.

The news of another group perishing shocked all the covetous cultivators nearby.

The naturally poker-faced cultivator who survived and obtained the cave's treasures drew everyone's attention.

However, no matter how they questioned him, the poker-faced cultivator claimed not to know how he survived.

Later, a clever young man, after pondering for a long time, revealed the anomaly.

In this cave, it was forbidden to smile.

Regardless of the reason, if one smiled, their head would be severed.

Although this incident sounded absurd, after the clever young man calmly walked into the cave and took out a technique with a calm and unharmed face, all the cultivators believed it.

So, they followed suit and took out all the treasures from the cave.

...

The incident in Senior Hongzhi's cave was the most typical and simplest form of the anomalies, containing only one rule.

In reality, the anomalies within those sect ruins often comprised multiple compounded rules.

These anomalies were incredibly dangerous. Without understanding their rules, a slight mistake could lead to death.

However, once the rules of the anomalies were understood, the risk posed by the anomalies became almost negligible.

Based on his personal experiences of surviving multiple times from the anomalies, Qi Yuanzhou summarized dozens of pieces of advice.

First: Maintain calmness at all times.

Under the anomalies, unbelievable events could happen.

Second: Don't act recklessly.

In the absence of understanding the rules of the anomalies, the faster you acted, the faster you died.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 67: Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique


Third: If you want to explore the anomaly, gather as many people as possible.

The most effective way to understand the anomaly's rules is to sacrifice lives.

Just pray that you won't be the first to die!

...

Li Fan carefully read through the "Survival Guide for Sect Ruins" and felt his 100 contribution points were well spent.

With these experiences, he would have more confidence when exploring the Cloud Water Palace two years later.

In his previous life, after Sikong Yi found the "Cloud Water Map" from the Cloud Water Palace and gained 100,000 contribution points, the news spread and ignited the enthusiasm of the cultivators in the Cong Yun Sea for exploring the Cloud Water Palace.

Even though the "Cloud Water Map" had been taken, the Cloud Water Palace was so vast, and there were definitely more treasures inside than just the "Cloud Water Map," right?

With this thought in mind, the cultivators of the Cong Yun Sea surged towards the Cloud Water Palace, regardless of life and death.

Even solitary cultivators from distant continents were drawn here.

Their thoughts were indeed correct.

In his previous life, until the 27th year, the Cloud Water Palace had still not been completely explored.

From time to time, news would spread about cultivators obtaining treasures from it, making others envy them.

And precisely because so many people kept exploring, most of the anomalies inside the Cloud Water Palace were no longer a secret.

Li Fan had heard of some of these things in his previous life.

However...

Regarding how Sikong Yi had obtained the "Cloud Water Map" back then, there were various speculations, but no conclusion had been reached.

Therefore, the best way for Li Fan to plan for the "Cloud Water Map" in this life was to secretly follow Sikong Yi and snatch it when he was about to succeed.

There were two years before the Cloud Water Palace opened, so he could first investigate Sikong Yi secretly and learn about his enemy.

At the same time, he needed to improve his strength as much as possible.

Li Fan set his sights on a group of Qi Condensation stage killing techniques within the Tianxuan Mirror.

The price of killing techniques was much higher than that of ordinary techniques.

The "Minor Yan Water Technique" he had previously cultivated only cost 1,200 contribution points.

While the price of killing techniques was generally around 1,500 points.

Li Fan quickly browsed through the technique introductions, selecting the techniques suitable for him.

"Flowing Water Sword Technique," "Minor Planetary Wind Sword," "Red Flowing Star"...

Suddenly, Li Fan's eyes stopped at a technique.

"Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique."

After carefully reading the introduction to the technique several times, Li Fan's heart was stirred.

According to the technique's introduction, this was a technique mainly focused on illusion arts.

By cultivating an "illusionary spirit" in the mind, one could release the illusionary spirit to confuse the enemy when encountering them.

Once the illusionary spirit became powerful, it could even enter another person's sea of consciousness and directly launch a spiritual attack.

This technique was tailor-made for him!

Although he didn't know how his spiritual power compared to other cultivators, after centuries of continuous reincarnation, combined with the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, it shouldn't be too weak.

Furthermore, visualizing and cultivating the "illusionary spirit"...

A crimson figure appeared inexplicably in Li Fan's mind.

If he visualized it based on the Crimson Flame as a prototype, the resulting "illusionary spirit" should possess considerable power.

Li Fan pondered to himself, immediately deciding to purchase this technique.

However, the price...

Li Fan took a look and his eyes widened.

2,500 points! It's almost the same price as a slightly inferior Foundation Establishment technique! No wonder this technique, despite looking so powerful, has remained unsought here.

Actually, Li Fan had some misconceptions about this.

The reason "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" was priced so high was not because it was extremely powerful, but simply because illusion-based techniques were relatively rare.

In the current cultivation world, the spiritual power of the vast majority of cultivators was not significantly different.

After all, before the great calamity arrived, there were very few techniques specializing in strengthening spiritual power.

Not to mention now, where one couldn't simultaneously cultivate in different methods.

Without means to strengthen and enhance spiritual power, the spiritual power of most cultivators remained on a similar level.

In such a situation, very few would choose to use spiritual attacks against others.

Because this often meant mutually assured destruction.

This was also why the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" appeared somewhat mediocre to other cultivators.

To put it plainly, this was just an illusion technique.

It was a method of using spiritual power, not enhancing it.

One wouldn't easily use spiritual attacks; just for a bit of illusion, who would be willing to spend 2500 contribution points? It was precisely because Li Fan possessed the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra and had personally seen the figure of the Crimson Flame, the Heavenly Spirit, that he resonated better with the path of visualizing the "illusionary spirit."

Therefore, in his hands, the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" could exert multiple times the effect others could achieve.

Regardless, Li Fan eventually gritted his teeth and purchased the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique."

In the blink of an eye, Li Fan's contribution points were reduced to 1321.

Contribution points came quickly, but they also left quickly! Originally, he wanted to purchase another escape technique, but he was a bit short, so he could only consider it later.

The most pressing matter was to cultivate the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" to the late Qi Condensation stage.

Activating the auxiliary cultivation mode of the Tianxuan Mirror and placing the Golden Liuli Pearl by his side, Li Fan began his cultivation.

His mind was as clear as a mirror, and the profound technique's words, double-enhanced, seemed as simple and understandable as an elementary school textbook to Li Fan.

The pure cultivation base from the "Minor Yan Water Technique" in his dantian dissolved into pure energies, propelling the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" to progress at an astonishing rate.

In less than a day, the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" was cultivated to the mid-Qi Condensation stage.

In the mid-Qi Condensation stage, he could visualize the "illusionary spirit" in his mind.

Although it was an illusionary spirit, it couldn't be created out of thin air.

It had to be based on things that truly existed in the cultivation world.

His thoughts flowed slowly, and past events reappeared one by one before his eyes.

Li Fan felt as if he had returned to the moment when he witnessed the Crimson Flame burning the sea in his previous life.

A faint shadow gradually formed in Li Fan's sea of consciousness.

Even though it was an unformed shadow, Li Fan suddenly felt a sharp rise in his body's temperature.

Sweat poured down from his body like raindrops.

Frowning, Li Fan forcefully activated the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, suppressing the scorching sensation.

He continued visualizing the figure of the Crimson Flame.

As the illusionary spirit of the Crimson Flame gradually took shape, the temperature of Li Fan's body rose.

If before it felt like being in a desert under the scorching sun, then at this moment, it felt like being placed under a blazing fire.

As Li Fan continued to visualize, the scorching sensation became more and more terrifying.

Finally, when the temperature reached its limit, the clothes on Li Fan's body spontaneously ignited.

"Poof!"

He couldn't maintain the visualization state anymore, and the phantom in his sea of consciousness instantly dissipated.

Li Fan spat out a mouthful of blood in shock.

The blood seemed to have an extremely high temperature, evaporating into a white mist before it could touch the ground.

Li Fan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, not disheartened.

He purchased a healing pill from the Tianxuan Mirror and restored himself for a moment before continuing his visualization.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 68: Illusory Spirit Resembling Azure Flames


As Li Fan's body temperature increased, the image of the Chih Yan in his sea of consciousness became clear once again.

However...

Even though Li Fan pushed the Xuanhuang Heart Refining Mantra to its limits, he ignored the faint taste of scorching emanating from his body.

At the moment when the Chih Yan's illusory spirit was about to take shape, for some unknown reason, Li Fan withdrew from the visualization state.

"Could it be because it's too hot, exceeding the body's endurance limit?"

Li Fan contemplated this and began searching in the Heavenly Profound Mirror for medicines that could resist heat.

Spending 10 contribution points, he purchased an Ice Heart Pill.

After consuming it, Li Fan attempted once again.

This time, as the fiery sensation brought about by visualizing the Chih Yan appeared, a cold breath emerged from his dantian at the same time.

This cold breath circulated throughout his body, suppressing the heat.

Without the need to distract himself to suppress bodily discomfort, Li Fan focused all his energy on condensing the illusory spirit resembling the Chih Yan.

However...

It didn't work!

The illusory spirit shattered just before it was about to take form.

It seemed like something deliberately obstructed within the depths, making it impossible for the illusory spirit to take form.

After several attempts, the effect of the Ice Heart Pill began to fade.

Li Fan stopped.

"The soul of Heaven and Earth is indeed extraordinary; even condensing an illusory spirit based on it is impossible..."

"There must be some unknown rules or restrictions within this."

Li Fan pondered for a moment and began searching for information about the soul of Heaven and Earth in the Heavenly Profound Mirror.

As expected, the Heavenly Profound Mirror informed him that his permissions were insufficient to view it.

For a moment, Li Fan's idea of condensing the illusory spirit resembling the Chih Yan fell into a dilemma.

However, he didn't intend to give up.

The greater the restrictions, the greater the harvest once successful.

The might of the soul of Heaven and Earth was clear; even obtaining a thousandth of it would be extraordinary.

However, he needed to carefully consider how to proceed.

Thus, Li Fan maintained his auxiliary cultivation, in a state of enlightenment, quietly closing his eyes to contemplate.

One day, two days, three days...

Time passed day by day, and his contribution points gradually burned away.

Finally, after seven days, Li Fan opened his eyes.

The soul of Heaven and Earth was a manifestation of a certain law in the world.

If the flames of Chih Yan represented a law related to fire, what special significance did the red color of Chih Yan have?

Besides the flames of Chih Yan, were there any other flames?

Li Fan immediately began to experiment.

Still visualizing the soul of Heaven and Earth, the aura and appearance of the figure were exactly the same as the red Chih Yan he remembered.

The only difference was that the color of the figure changed from red to green.

This time, the illusory spirit formed successfully. However, it was extremely weak, seeming like an empty shell without any power to harm enemies.

He dispersed the nascent illusory spirit in his sea of consciousness.

Li Fan attempted once more.

This time, it changed from blue to black.

The black flames were similar to the red flames, and the illusory spirit couldn't take form. However, unlike when visualizing the red flames, there was no searing heat during the visualization of the black flames.

Li Fan tried another color.

...

Li Fan attempted all the colors he could think of.

He found that there were four scenarios.

The first was like the red flames, unable to take form, and during the visualization process, he would feel a roasting sensation.

The second was like the green flames. Although it could take form, it was empty and lacked any power.

The third was like the black flames, unable to take form, and during the visualization process, no peculiarities occurred.

The fourth was the most special.

In Li Fan's sea of consciousness, a virtual image almost identical to the red flames slowly condensed.

Except this time, it was blue.

As the illusory spirit of blue flames gradually appeared, the temperature around Li Fan began to drop significantly.

Layers of ice flowers began to spread from the ground where Li Fan stood, moving outward.

His hair and eyebrows were frosted, and his body gradually stiffened like ice.

Even the Xuanhuang Heart Refining Mantra, which had been operating silently, slowed down under its influence, as if it would stop at any moment.

Li Fan's heartbeat slowed down, and his breath rapidly diminished.

Yet, Li Fan's consciousness fell into a strange state.

It was like an out-of-body experience, observing the various changes in his own body as if he were an onlooker.

There were no emotional fluctuations.

Li Fan had a premonition. In this state, even if his body were destroyed, and he faced death in the next moment, he wouldn't feel any fear.

It was a state of absolute calm and rationality.

It was in this state that Li Fan silently watched as his body was completely encased in ice.

It was like being in absolute zero, plunged into absolute silence.

At the same time, in Li Fan's sea of consciousness, the illusory spirit of blue flames finally took shape.

The temperature didn't rise, but vitality rapidly emerged on Li Fan.

It was as if the absolute coldness could no longer affect him.

Li Fan's consciousness moved, and the blue flames in his sea of consciousness flickered. The extreme coldness on his body quickly disappeared.

In the blink of an eye, Li Fan returned to his original appearance, and he emerged from that state of absolute rationality.

The extreme coldness seemed like an illusion, leaving no trace.

"So, this is the power of blue flames?"

In his sea of consciousness, the young blue flames illusory spirit fell into a deep sleep.

But Li Fan knew that he could awaken it at any time and recreate that state he had just experienced.

"Encountering four different situations when visualizing flames of different colors should correspond to the condition of the soul of Heaven and Earth."

After some contemplation, Li Fan made his own conjecture.

The soul of Heaven and Earth was the embodiment of the laws of Heaven, and in this realm, practitioners could also refine the soul of Heaven and Earth to achieve the Dao Unity Realm.

So, in the previous visualization process, those illusory spirits that could form but lacked any power should represent a lack of this particular type of soul of Heaven and Earth.

As for those that couldn't take form, like the red flames, they should still belong to the system of Heaven and Earth's laws. Although Li Fan could invoke their power, he couldn't possess them. For those like the black flames, they should have already been refined by Dao Unity cultivators and were no longer within the system of this realm's laws.

Then, what did this blue flame represent?

"The law of what is yet to be born?"

"In other words, in the near future, in some part of the cultivation world, the true soul of Heaven and Earth, the blue flame, will descend?" Li Fan fell into deep thought.

After a long time, Li Fan took a deep breath and buried his various speculations about the soul of Heaven and Earth deep in his mind.

Regardless, although he hadn't condensed the illusory spirit of red flames, he accidentally visualized the illusory spirit of blue flames.

The two attributes were completely opposite, but the power of the blue flames seemed to be no less than that of the red flames.

Feeling delighted, Li Fan began to practice the "Illusory Spirit of Darkness" again.

He attempted to nurture and strengthen the illusory spirit of blue flames, aiming to use it for psychic attacks.

Time slowly passed as he practiced.

Not long after, Li Fan suddenly stopped the auxiliary cultivation mode.

It turned out that due to the prolonged practice, his contribution points were now just a little over a hundred.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 69: It’s Actually You


TL Note: I had mistakenly published a draft for the previous chapter 68, and it has now been fixed with the final edited version.

*****

Before entering seclusion, Li Fan had set a minimum contribution point threshold of 100. If it dropped below this number, the auxiliary cultivation mode would forcibly terminate.

It felt like he had just woken up from a beautiful dream, abruptly disturbed. Li Fan felt a momentary annoyance, but he quickly suppressed that emotion.

"These contribution points are depleting too quickly."

The days when he had over three thousand contribution points seemed like they had just passed yesterday, yet in the blink of an eye, they were gone.

"The opening of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace is still about two years away. Before that, I need to figure out how to earn more contribution points and strengthen my power."

He once again browsed through the task page of the Tianxuan Mirror.

Li Fan chose to ignore the official tasks posted by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Even in the late Qi Condensation stage, the official tasks he could undertake were still all low-yield and low-risk missions.

For instance, assisting alchemists, craftsmen, or talisman makers, or helping to maintain and inspect arrays scattered throughout the Cloud Sea.

Although these tasks were safe, they earned contribution points too slowly. If Li Fan had an interest in learning alchemy, craftsmanship, or talisman making, they might have been considered.

But for now, the most important thing was to obtain the "Cloud Water Map."

Unfortunately, Li Fan's luck seemed to be lacking this time. He couldn't find any suitable tasks even after searching for a long time.

After thinking for a moment, Li Fan took out the communication talisman given to him by He Zhenghao and sent him a message.

"May I ask, fellow Daoist He, if there are any fast ways to earn contribution points? I've been searching the Tianxuan Mirror for a long time, and most of the tasks only offer a few dozen points. I need thirty points of contribution every day just for my cultivation. At this rate, when will I be able to exchange for a Foundation Establishment cultivation method?"

Li Fan complained in his message.

After sending the message, he placed the communication talisman aside and continued his cultivation.

Even though he didn't have the assistance of the Tianxuan Mirror, his cultivation speed had improved somewhat.

After three days had passed, He Zhenghao finally replied.

"Hahaha, that's how it is in our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Newly joined cultivators often need several years of hard work to exchange for a cultivation method. It's the same for everyone."

"But..."

He Zhenghao's tone suddenly changed, and he continued, "Since fellow Daoist Li joined through my recommendation, I naturally want to help you."

"After all, I hope fellow Daoist Li can enter the Foundation Establishment stage as soon as possible!"

"However, this matter isn't convenient to discuss through a communication talisman. If fellow Daoist Li is willing, you can come to Liuli Island. We can talk face to face."

...

Originally, Li Fan had just asked casually, not expecting He Zhenghao to respond so readily.

"It's quite timely. However, there must be a reason behind this..." Li Fan thought, considering that He Zhenghao had always been generous to others in both his lives. He was indeed an anomaly among cultivators.

Without hesitation, Li Fan left the Tianxuan Mirror and headed straight for Liuli Island.

Inside the protective array of Liuli Island, He Zhenghao sat in a pavilion on the mountaintop, sipping tea. He seemed to have been waiting for quite some time.

"It seems that fellow Daoist Li couldn't wait any longer," He Zhenghao said with a big smile.

He clapped his hands, and suddenly, the ground beneath their feet began to shake.

Shortly after, Li Fan saw the surrounding mountains rise in unison.

However, he quickly realized what was happening.

The other mountains weren't rising; it was the mountain Li Fan was on that was descending.

The mountain rapidly sank and soon descended below the ground, entering a space filled with silver clouds and mist.

Li Fan looked up, and the continuous group of mountains within the protective array seemed like stars, floating above his head.

The mountains were dispersed, yet they seemed to form a whole according to some rule.

It appeared stationary but was in constant motion.

Seeing Li Fan's expression, He Zhenghao showed a hint of satisfaction. "How do you find my Mountain Star Formation, fellow Daoist?"

Li Fan hadn't seen the true face of the Liuli Island protective array even in his past life, so now that he witnessed it, he sincerely said, "The Mountain Star Formation is quite extraordinary. However, why does Liuli Island's protective array seem..."

He Zhenghao already knew what Li Fan wanted to ask and spoke even more proudly, "That's because I personally constructed Liuli Island's array, so naturally, it's different from arrays on other islands."

Li Fan was astonished, "I didn't expect you, fellow Daoist, to be proficient in formations."

But he was also somewhat puzzled, "Is it possible for a Foundation Establishment cultivator like you to build such a vast Mountain Star Formation?"

He Zhenghao coughed and said seriously, "Naturally, there were others assisting on the side. However, the arrangement of the formation was mainly done by me."

"I won't hide it from you; the Foundation Establishment treasure I possess is the Mountain and River Vein Formation Diagrams. Hence, I have a talent for formations that ordinary cultivators can't compare to. If we talk about formations without considering cultivation level, even a typical Nascent Soul stage formation master might not surpass me." He Zhenghao spoke confidently.

"I see..." Li Fan nodded and then asked, "I wonder what exactly you invited me for, fellow Daoist? Why is it so secretive and elaborate?"

He Zhenghao grinned and said, "It's not a big deal; I'm just being a bit cautious."

"Do you know that many years ago, mortals in the cultivation world were once collectively banished to various small worlds?"

Li Fan narrowed his eyes, "I've heard a bit about it."

He Zhenghao continued, "In these small worlds, there are many valuable things that can be exchanged for a lot of contribution points. But gathering them by yourself is quite time-consuming and laborious, and is not worth the effort."

"However, often those influential ordinary people in these small worlds scheme to return to the cultivation world. So..."

Li Fan already understood what He Zhenghao was planning, "So?"

"We can make it a condition for those ordinary people to help us collect resources. Coincidentally, I know of a small world called Dali, which is quite vast and has several precious treasures. There are even quite a lot of Starry Sea Quicksand."

"Starry Sea Quicksand is a common material for arranging formations, and often, a pound of it costs between two to three contribution points..."

He Zhenghao explained non-stop, but he noticed Li Fan's eyes looking at him becoming stranger and couldn't help feeling a bit awkward.

He then said, "Don't look at me like that, I know what you're thinking."

"As cultivators, how could we lower ourselves to do such things, right?"

"But fellow Daoist, you don't know that even if you don't do these things, others will."

"A small world, every dozen years, can yield over two thousand contribution points. If you have several worlds like this, doesn't it mean you can get over two thousand contribution points for free every year?"

"You see, after I explained it like this, you find it quite reasonable, don't you?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 70: Seeking a Nascent Soul Technique


As he listened to He Zhenghao's lengthy explanation, Li Fan gradually saw the resemblance between He Zhenghao's figure and the cultivator who had saved the group when he first entered the cultivation world in his previous life.

"So you were the one responsible for the smuggling! No wonder Heavenly Treasure Pavilion has been engaging in the illicit passage of mortals right under your nose, and nothing has happened. Even in the last life, the rumors of Heavenly Treasure Pavilion smuggling mortals were widely known across the island, and it didn't bring any trouble."

Thinking carefully, it made sense.

Given He Zhenghao's greedy personality, how could he possibly let go of such a lucrative opportunity?

Li Fan was somewhat speechless but quickly accepted the reality.

"So, what do you mean, fellow Daoist?"

Seeing that Li Fan didn't object, He Zhenghao became very pleased. "This matter is simple. You just need to run an errand for me to the Land of Immortal Extinction and bring back the materials that I had the people from the Land of Immortal Extinction collect ten years ago."

"After selling these materials, we split the contribution points earned equally."

"I need to guard Liuli Island and can't leave. Originally, I was planning to cooperate with someone else, but since you messaged me, I decided to contact you."

After some consideration, this matter indeed carried little risk.

Over a thousand contribution points in thirty days, which far exceeded the tasks one could usually take.

"I wonder how long it will take for a round trip? This must be clarified in advance. I don't want to miss the opening of the Cloud Water Celestial Palace."

"Don't worry, it will take at most twenty to thirty days, and it won't delay your cultivation, fellow Daoist," He Zhenghao assured.

"Alright, I'll accept this."

He Zhenghao smiled in satisfaction and handed a small wooden boat to Li Fan. "After obtaining the materials, just give this to the mortals in the Land of Immortal Extinction. Don't worry about anything else."

Li Fan took a look at it: the wooden boat resembled the Tai Yan Boat but was far less exquisite.

"It's just an ordinary wooden boat with a few inscribed formations, not a magical tool. However, it's enough to help those mortals pass through the Immortal Extinction Formation and come here," He Zhenghao explained.

"Of course, the strength of the formation on the boat only supports one crossing. After arriving in the cultivation world, the formation on the wooden boat will deplete its energy and dissipate on its own."

"This is to prevent those mortals from replicating it."

"Fellow Daoist, you've really thought this through," Li Fan said.

He Zhenghao laughed heartily, not minding.

He then took out a talisman, somewhat reluctant, and handed it to Li Fan.

"No matter what, helping to smuggle mortals is not something that should be exposed. In case it's seen by other cultivators, it's not only a matter of losing face but you might also face the reprimand of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. To be cautious, fellow Daoist, keep this Concealing Form Talisman with you to avoid being recognized."

Li Fan nodded and accepted it.

"This Concealing Form Talisman can hide your form and aura. It's an advanced version of the Concealing Aura Talisman. Even a Golden Core realm cultivator can't see through i. It's a must-have item for us cultivators when going out."

He Zhenghao paused for a moment and said somewhat regretfully, "It's a pity that the materials needed to make this Concealing Form Talisman, such as Spirit Mist Grass, are relatively rare, resulting in the high price of the talisman."

"It costs 50 contribution points for one."

"However, if you need it in the future, you can go to Ten Thousand Immortals Island and find a cultivator named Jiao Xiuyuan. He has many defective Concealing Form Talismans, said to be eliminated from the Ten Thousand Immortals Island's talisman pavilion. Although they're considered defective, they can still be used normally. It's just that the effect is not very good and can only prevent Foundation Establishment cultivators from seeing through."

"But fortunately, they are reasonably priced, only requiring 20 contribution points. Fellow Daoist, if you go out in the future, you might want to prepare some." He Zhenghao enthusiastically shared this information with Li Fan.

Afterward, He Zhenghao detailed to Li Fan the precautions and various situations he might encounter when going to the Land of Immortal Extinction.

With everything prepared, Li Fan was ready to set off for the Land of Immortal Extinction.

He aimed to leave and return as soon as possible.

However, before setting off, Li Fan couldn't help but ask, "Fellow Daoist He, there's something I've been puzzled about. I'm not sure if I should ask..."

He Zhenghao was taken aback, then said, "Feel free to ask."

"Fellow Daoist He, you are a Foundation Establishment cultivator and hold the position of guarding Liuli Island. Moreover, you are an expert in formations. Logically speaking, you shouldn't be lacking in contribution points. Why are you so stingy?" Li Fan pondered for a moment and asked tactfully.

He Zhenghao thought Li Fan was worried about his future prospects in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

He smiled bitterly and explained, "Fellow Daoist, you have misunderstood. Although Foundation Establishment cultivators still don't have complete freedom in terms of contribution points within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, it's not as destitute as my situation."

"Oh? Fellow Daoist He, is there something you find difficult to discuss?" Li Fan asked in surprise.

"To be honest, I have set my eyes on a Nascent Soul cultivation technique. This technique is highly compatible with my Foundation Treasure. If I could cultivate that technique, I am sure I could achieve the Golden Core stage within a hundred years, and even reaching the Nascent Soul realm would be almost certain," He Zhenghao's eyes flashed with desire.

"Unfortunately, a genuine Nascent Soul technique is extremely rare and precious. Even if I've saved up for a long time, I'm still far from the required contribution points."

"So, I can only save as much as I can in my daily life," he sighed. "Even so, I don't know when I'll be able to exchange for it."

"I also don't know if the cultivation technique I've been longing for will be exchanged by someone else before that."

He Zhenghao sighed.

Then, he remembered something and said to Li Fan, "By the way, you're already in the later stage of Qi Condensation. When selecting a Foundation Establishment cultivation technique, if possible, remember to choose one that is compatible with your Foundation Treasure. This way, not only will you find it easier to cultivate in the future, but there will also be many other benefits. Due to the limitations of the Tianxuan Mirror, I can't tell you too much. Just remember this, and you won't go wrong."

"A compatible Foundation Treasure and cultivation technique..." Li Fan nodded slowly upon hearing this.

He Zhenghao then sighed, "Actually, the cultivation technique I'm currently practicing is also extraordinary. I obtained it by accident when exploring an unnamed cave in my youth. It contains various incredible methods."

"However, the difficulty of cultivating it is a bit too high. It takes decades or even hundreds of years to advance a small realm."

"Foundation Establishment is already so difficult. If I forcefully continue practicing this technique at the Golden Core stage, I will likely exhaust my lifespan before my breakthrough, and I'll perish before achieving success."

"Switching to another cultivation technique is also quite difficult." He Zhenghao finished speaking and then fell into deep silence.

Li Fan listened and respectfully clasped his hands before heading towards the Land of Immortal Extinction.

He Zhenghao watched Li Fan's departing figure and sighed once again.

There was actually one thing he hadn't mentioned.

While it's true that assisting junior cultivators from the sidelines could yield benefits, cultivating the Dao was just too difficult.

Over the years, he cast his nets everywhere, nurturing young cultivators.

However, the vast majority mysteriously died not long after, without reaching even the Foundation Establishment stage.

Encountering someone like Li Fan, a young genius who had already reached the later stage of Qi Condensation, was already a great stroke of luck.

After all, in this world, how many geniuses would he be able to meet?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 71: The Mortals of Dali


After leaving Liuli Island, Li Fan followed the guidance provided by He Zhenghao and flew west for two days, arriving at an area of the sea filled with reefs and whirlpools.

Activating the Concealing Form Talisman, Li Fan dove into the sea and found the entrance to the Mortal Realm in the depths of the sea within a ruin.

An inconspicuous well.

Diving into the well, Li Fan sensed a familiar aura, similar to the Ruins Abyss he had encountered before.

Continuing down the passage within the well, after an unknown amount of time, Li Fan suddenly felt dizzy.

When he regained consciousness, he was surrounded by darkness, with no trace of seawater, already in an endless dark space.

"It seems that the Immortal Extinction Formation blocking the various small worlds is the same." Li Fan looked out into this space and pondered.

A colony composed of tens of thousands of Void Ripper Whales hid in the darkness, diligently creating space and pushing the Mortal Realm away from the world of cultivation.

Just like the Ruins Abyss he was in previously.

The Void Ripper Whales were extremely sensitive to the aura of mortals but completely indifferent to cultivators.

However, Li Fan still chose to cautiously avoid the Void Ripper Whales and arrived at the thunderstorm layer.

At this point, he recalled He Zhenghao's instructions again.

"The Immortal Extinction Formation isolates the Mortal Realm from the world of cultivation. Even Foundation Establishment cultivators should be cautious when trying to forcefully break through it. However, as long as you follow the method I mentioned to break the array, you won't trigger the array's attacks..."

Li Fan operated his spiritual energy according to He Zhenghao's instructions and flew into the thunderstorm layer.

After staying in place for a while, the violent thunder continuously struck around Li Fan, but none of it hit him.

"It indeed works. In this way, even without the Tai Yan Boat, I can pass through this Immortal Extinction Formation. The ordinary wooden boat given to the Mortal Realm inhabitants uses formations to stabilize these fluctuations, thus avoiding the attacks of the Immortal Extinction Formation."

"The Tai Yan Boat passes through the Immortal Extinction Formation by having formations resist the attacks. What He Zhenghao did was essentially like cracking the defense system of the array and creating a hidden entrance for himself."

"Looking at it this way, he wasn't boasting. Indeed, he has exceptional knowledge in the field of formations."

Having verified the information, Li Fan chose not to manually cross this time.

He immediately released the Tai Yan Boat, deftly passed through the Immortal Extinction Formation, and headed towards Dali.

...

Dali and the Grand Xuan Kingdom were both mundane worlds, and the general scenery was similar.

However, in the center of this world, there was a volcano towering thousands of meters high.

The volcano would erupt every two to three hundred years, causing countless casualties.

Moreover, the eruptions were becoming more frequent, and the scale of the eruptions was increasing.

The upper ruling class of the Dali Empire was worried that one day the volcano would completely turn this world into a molten hell. Therefore, they spared no effort to find a way to escape this world.

But they couldn't find a way out.

It wasn't until fifty years ago that an immortal suddenly descended. He promised that he could take a group of people out of here every ten years.

The condition was to help him collect the items on a list.

The upper echelons of the Dali Empire were naturally overjoyed and agreed.

As a result, the transaction between the two sides had been going on for fifty years.

And the agreed-upon transaction time between the two parties was approaching. Therefore, in the four observation towers in the capital of Dali, there were always officials on duty.

So when Li Fan flew to Dali's capital, he soon heard the continuous tolling of bells from below.

Shortly after, the Emperor of Dali led the civil and military officials and came before Li Fan.

"We respectfully welcome the immortal!"

On the square, the Emperor of Dali and the officials all knelt down and shouted in unison.

"Today is the agreed day. Have you all collected the specified items?" Li Fan, standing above them, asked in a cold tone.

Emperor of Dali hurriedly replied, "Reporting to the immortal, all the items on the list have been properly prepared."

Li Fan nodded, "Very well, lead me to them."

So, under the personal guidance of the Emperor of Dali, Li Fan arrived at the imperial palace treasury.

Here, the materials prepared by He Zhenghao were neatly categorized and labeled with names and quantities.

Li Fan scanned with his spiritual sense and nodded in satisfaction.

Not only were the corresponding materials not lacking, but each item exceeded the required quantity slightly.

Putting the materials into the storage ring given by He Zhenghao, this mission was considered successfully completed.

Smooth sailing, no hitches.

Except for some time spent on the journey, the remaining risks were almost zero.

No wonder He Zhenghao was so keen on this, it was truly a lucrative deal.

Handing the wooden boat inscribed with formations to the Emperor of Dali, Li Fan looked at the pleased expression on his face and suddenly asked, "I wonder if the Southern King is present today?"

The Emperor was taken aback. Immortal Masters in the past would usually take the materials and fly away directly. He didn't know why the Southern King was suddenly asked about today.

Not daring to be negligent, the Emperor answered anxiously, "Reporting to the immortal, my younger brother is stationed in the southern border year-round and is not in the capital."

"However, his son, Xiao Heng, is here." Afraid of angering the immortal, the Emperor hurriedly added.

Li Fan nodded, knowing that Xiao Heng had been left in the capital as a kind of hostage. He wasn't surprised, "Where is he now? Take me to see him!"

The Emperor had no idea where the Southern King's hostage usually resided and couldn't answer. He was momentarily stunned and began to sweat anxiously.

Luckily, a eunuch by his side quickly reminded him in a low voice, "Your Majesty, young master Xiao Heng is likely being fostered in Master Su's residence."

"Su family's residence..." Li Fan's heart moved upon hearing this.

The Emperor heaved a sigh of relief, and quickly arranged for someone to lead the way.

Not long after, Li Fan met Xiao Heng at the Su family's residence.

At this moment, he was just a seven or eight-year-old child, and being suddenly surrounded by so many strangers, his little face was nervous.

Comparing the small figure with the image of Xiao Heng in his memory, Li Fan chuckled.

"I perceive extraordinary talent in this child; he will certainly not be an ordinary person in the future." He suddenly spoke.

The people present had different expressions upon hearing this and looked at Xiao Heng, who still looked confused and didn't know what was happening.

Then, Li Fan lightly pointed at Xiao Heng's forehead.

He transmitted the "Cleansing Heart Mantra" along with the instructions for the corresponding medicine to him.

"I will personally take him away when I come back in ten years." Glancing at everyone, Li Fan said calmly.

For a moment, those who had mischievous thoughts in their minds were all covered in cold sweat, trembling in fear.

The Emperor of Dali naturally understood the implication in Li Fan's words and quickly promised, "Immortal, please rest assured. I will take good care of him."

Li Fan nodded in satisfaction.

Currently, his footing in the cultivation world was not yet stable, and in two years, he would explore the Cloud Water Celestial Palace, so his future was uncertain.

He could only transmit the "Cleansing Heart Mantra" to Xiao Heng for now, wait for him to mature, and then bring him into the cultivation world.

With the matters regarding the Mortal Realm settled, Li Fan prepared to leave.

But suddenly, he heard a young and tender voice from the crowd, "Please, Immortal Master, save my sister!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 72: Immortal’s Restoration


The sudden voice made all the important figures from Dali present quiet.

Even the Emperor of Dali turned pale.

You must know, in the eyes of an Immortal, they were basically no different from ants.

What was the fate of ants making a request? Twenty years ago, the skies of Dali's capital were filled with blood, which was the best answer.

They all lowered their heads, sweating profusely, sneaking glances at Li Fan.

But that voice, seemingly unafraid of death, repeated loudly, "Please, Immortal, save my sister!"

Li Fan looked in the direction from which the voice came. It was Su Changyu, who was around a dozen years old.

Only then did a middle-aged man react and hurriedly step forward, pressing him to kneel on the ground.

"What nonsense are you talking about, Yu'er!" The middle-aged man, equally on his knees, anxiously knelt down and kowtowed to Li Fan while holding Su Changyu.

While kowtowing, he said, "My child is ignorant, please forgive him, Immortal!"

Li Fan fell into silence.

This situation made all the important figures of Dali panic. Under the leadership of the Emperor, they all knelt down as well.

Xiao Heng also kowtowed, carefully saying, "Immortal, please save my sister, Su Xiaomei."

After a while, Li Fan slowly spoke, "Very well, take me to see. But this won't set a precedent."

Everyone present breathed a sigh of relief.

In fact, Li Fan had planned to take a look at Su Changyu's terminally ill sister. However, he couldn't easily agree on the surface.

So, he made a gesture earlier.

After a while, Li Fan saw Su's little sister, Su Xiaomei, in an underground room.

The temperature in the basement was very low, and many officials who had followed couldn't help but shiver.

A baby who looked like it was born not too long ago was lying quietly on a jade bed.

Next to the jade bed were many ice blocks.

Su Xiaomei's body seemed extremely hot, so the maidservant had to constantly crush the ice blocks and apply them to her to cool her down.

Seeing this unusual scene, Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

He walked forward, and his spiritual sense swept over Su Xiaomei. His expression froze.

"You all should retreat first!"

He commanded in a cold voice.

The crowd of powerful nobles then exited the basement.

Li Fan and Su Xiaomei were left alone.

Li Fan placed his hand on Su Xiaomei's body and separated a very thin sliver of aura, ferrying it into her body.

After sending the aura to swim around and return, Li Fan was shocked.

"There's actually no Immortal-Mortal Miasma in Su Xiaomei's body?"

"And what kind of constitution is this? The wisp of spiritual energy sent into her body just now, after a turn, was actually strengthened?"

Li Fan controlled the wisp of spiritual energy and gathered it in his fingers.

It was completely different from the original spiritual energy in his body, carrying a scorching sensation.

But it was different from the heat brought by the Crimson Flame he had seen before.

It wasn't the heat brought by flames, but...

Li Fan carefully analyzed the strand of spiritual energy at his fingertip. After a long time, he made a rough judgment.

His expression couldn't help but become strange.

"Heat brought by anger?"

Li Fan looked at Su Xiaomei, who was still sleeping, with an inexplicable expression on his face.

"Could this be the legendary natural immortal physique, as well as an innate supernatural ability?"

Having stepped into the world of cultivating for two lifetimes, Li Fan was no longer an ignorant newcomer.

He had some knowledge of various commonalities in the world of cultivation.

First, let's talk about the natural immortal physique.

It was well known that in the cultivation world, from the moment a person was born, their body contained the Immortal-Mortal Miasma. To practice cultivation, they had to eliminate this miasma from their body.

However, when two cultivators joined together, there was a certain chance that their offspring would be born without the Immortal-Mortal Miasma.

These people had naturally gifted immortal physiques.

Those with a naturally gifted immortal physique had an unparalleled affinity for various techniques and Dao arts.

Their innate talent for cultivation was extremely high.

The combination of these factors made the cultivation speed of the naturally gifted immortal physique terrifyingly fast, and their use of techniques also received a natural strength boost.

They were far beyond the reach of ordinary cultivators.

They could be called the true sons of the heavens.

In the distant continents, the various legends of forming a golden core within just a dozen years of cultivation were all created by these heavenly beings.

Next, let's talk about the innate supernatural ability.

In the cultivation world, there was a type of person who had innate supernatural abilities.

For example, those born with three eyes, capable of seeing through illusions; those born with extraordinary bones, with almost inexhaustible potential and almost endless vitality.

Or those born with control over water, fire, thunder, and lightning.

Such people, born with innate supernatural abilities, often faced corresponding heavenly envy due to the power of their abilities.

They would face various calamities from birth.

If they could overcome each calamity, they would naturally become stronger through these trials.

But if they couldn't, they would naturally die with their extraordinary powers.

This was the limit imposed by the heavens on such individuals, a test.

For those possessing innate supernatural abilities, their cultivation speed might not necessarily be very fast.

However, in battles, they often became invincible at the same level.

In fact, many of the powerful individuals with innate supernatural abilities could easily kill cultivators of the same level, as if killing chickens, and even had the power to fight across a major realm.

Such individuals were notorious and had outstanding records in the cultivation world.

Both types of constitutions were extremely rare, one in a million.

But what Li Fan saw?

These two kinds of constitutions actually appeared in a single infant!

There was no trace of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma in her body; she was undoubtedly a naturally gifted immortal physique.

Although he didn't know why the naturally gifted immortal physique, which could only be born when two cultivators reproduced, would appear in this small world filled with mortals.

But Li Fan was certain he hadn't seen it wrong.

And the power constantly burning inside Su Xiaomei's body should be her innate supernatural ability.

Li Fan speculated that her ability was related to the emotion "anger."

With raging anger in her heart, her own strength would multiply.

Until the anger completely burned herself and her enemies into ashes.

The constant fiery state Su Xiaomei was in at the moment was probably caused by the uncontrollable release of her innate supernatural ability.

"Naturally gifted immortal physique, innate supernatural ability. No wonder she faces such a deadly calamity from birth."

"With the constant burning of her own life force due to the anger burning inside her, even if she hides in an ice cellar all day, Su Xiaomei would still never survive to adulthood."

"No wonder, in the last life, Su Changyu was so anxious. He didn't hesitate to use himself as a test subject for the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, just to become a cultivator as soon as possible."

"In his eyes, perhaps becoming a legendary immortal could save his sister."

"Unfortunately..."

Li Fan looked at Su Changyu, and the illusionary blue flame spirit in his sea of consciousness suddenly woke up from its slumber.

"If it weren't for encountering me, even if a Golden Core cultivator came, they wouldn't be able to save her."

A faint blue figure appeared in front of Li Fan.

It seemed like a thin mist, slowly approaching Su Xiaomei's tiny body.

He reached out and gently touched Su Xiaomei's head.

The heat on the baby's body gradually dissipated.

Her tightly furrowed brows relaxed, and Su Xiaomei slowly turned over.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 73: Investment


The Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit left a trace of power in Su Xiaomei's body to help suppress the anger within her.

Then it returned to Li Fan's consciousness.

In just this short amount of time, Li Fan was already feeling weary.

The "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" hadn't been cultivated to the later stage of Qi Condensation, and the newly born illusion spirit was still a bit weak.

Moreover, he had to concentrate and carefully control the intensity of the illusion spirit's output, so as not to cause harm to Su Xiaomei's young body.

For Li Fan, it wasn't an easy task.

Fortunately, all was well.

This time, he managed to keep her safe for the next ten years.

If Li Fan could leave the Cloud Water Celestial Palace unharmed in this world and obtain the "Cloud Water Map," he would come to find her in advance.

If anything happened to Li Fan, she could still go to the cultivation world with Su Changyu and the others after ten years.

After recovering his strength, Li Fan walked out of the underground chamber.

The officials of Dali were still waiting outside.

After informing them that Su Xiaomei had been cured, Li Fan let them disperse.

He only left Su Xiaomei's father, Su Xueshi, and inquired about Su Xiaomei's condition.

Su Xueshi's face turned red, and after hesitating for a while, he stuttered and explained the whole story.

As it turned out, Su Xiaomei was not Su Xueshi's daughter but instead the daughter of his younger sister, Su Yujing.

Su Yujing was much younger than Su Xueshi. She was only sixteen when she became pregnant with Su Xiaomei.

At that time, her inexplicable pregnancy caused a huge stir in the Su family.

Because she was not married at that time!

Pregnancy before marriage was an undeniable scandal. What made Lord Su even more angry was that Su Yujing refused to disclose who the child's father was.

She insisted that she had absolutely done nothing improper and claimed that she had suddenly felt tired while playing in the garden one day and took a short nap.

Upon waking up, she soon noticed something strange in her body.

But how could a young girl waiting to be married bring up such a matter to others?

It was only until her belly grew day by day that she finally couldn't hide it anymore.

The Su family naturally didn't believe this absurd explanation.

An enraged Lord Su wanted to abort the child.

However, feeling the heartbeat of the fetus in her abdomen, Su Yujing showed her strength as a mother.

She refused to agree to abort the fetus, even resorting to threatening suicide.

Although Lord Su was furious, he couldn't bring himself to kill his own daughter.

He could only lock Su Yujing in her room, preventing her from leaving to avoid leaking the news.

In this way, they finally waited until the day of her delivery.

It took a lot of effort to give birth to Su Xiaomei.

Su Yujing's body was already weak, and she hadn't received good care during her pregnancy.

After such turmoil, her body couldn't take it.

Thus, shortly after giving birth to Su Xiaomei, she passed away.

Before her death, she earnestly begged the Su family to take good care of Su Xiaomei.

The Su family were not heartless people.

After Su Yujing's death, everyone in the family doted on this little child who had lost her parents at a young age, hoping she would grow up safe, happy, and healthy.

However, no one expected that shortly after Su Xiaomei was born, she fell ill with a strange disease.

Her whole body was burning, to the point where she had to apply ice constantly to alleviate it.

The Su family consulted renowned doctors in the capital, but they couldn't cure her.

Until Li Fan arrived.

...

Li Fan listened to Su Xueshi's narration, then looked up at the sky of this world, lost in thought.

"Is she born with heavenly fortune? Perhaps this can explain why Su Xiaomei has such exceptional talent."

"However, according to the original historical trajectory, even with her extraordinary talent, in the face of calamities, she would still find it hard to escape death."

"In the entire cultivation world, how many people have talents as exceptional as Su Xiaomei's, yet they die without any recognition, just like ordinary people?"

"From this perspective, the heavens indeed treat everyone equally."

With this matter concluded, Li Fan let out a long sigh and summoned the Tai Yan Boat, swiftly leaving.

It didn't take long before he safely returned to Liuli Island.

Indeed, what He Zhenghao said earlier was true. It had taken about twenty-five days in total.

And up until now, the Concealing Form Talisman he had activated earlier was still effective.

"As long as one does not fight with others, a Concealing Form Talisman can last this long. It's truly cost-effective. Once I return to the island, I should buy some as backups," Li Fan thought.

Inside the Mountain Star Formation, Li Fan handed over the storage ring to He Zhenghao.

He Zhenghao seemed a bit absent-minded, just glancing at it casually before storing the storage ring away.

His attention was focused on an ancient mirror in front of him.

Judging by its appearance, it seemed somewhat similar to the Tianxuan Mirror.

Following He Zhenghao's gaze, Li Fan looked at the mirror and saw a line of small characters.

"Spirit Mist Grass: current price is fifteen contribution points per plant."

The number fifteen kept changing, sometimes becoming sixteen and then quickly shifting to fourteen.

"It's going up! Go up!" He Zhenghao stared at the mirror as if enchanted, repeatedly uttering these words.

"Fellow Daoist, what are you doing?" Li Fan asked curiously.

"Ah, my friend, you don't know," He Zhenghao didn't take his gaze off, sighed, and said dejectedly, "A few days ago, shortly after you left, I received reliable information. Due to an attack by sea creatures, the island where Spirit Mist Grass is cultivated was mostly destroyed."

"As I mentioned before, Spirit Mist Grass is the main raw material for making Concealing Form Talismans and is already extremely scarce. Now that a significant portion has been destroyed, the price is bound to skyrocket."

"At the time this news came, I thought I'd seize this opportunity to make a fortune. So, I spent a lot in the Tianxuan Mirror and hoarded a large amount of Spirit Mist Grass."

This operation sounded somewhat familiar to Li Fan, who observed He Zhenghao and asked with some confusion, "But isn't that a good thing? Why does fellow Daoist seem so dispirited?"

"Ah, it is a good thing, but I was happy too early," He Zhenghao didn't look away from the mirror, sighing and saying, "At first, the price of Spirit Mist Grass went up a bit, from twenty points per plant to twenty-five points per plant. But who would have thought that before I could sell the Spirit Mist Grass I had, its price suddenly plummeted."

"It went all the way from twenty-five points to thirteen points, almost halving!" He Zhenghao was in great pain.

"Fortunately, the price has rebounded somewhat recently, back to around fifteen points."

...

Listening to He Zhenghao's words, Li Fan couldn't help but say, "Then why doesn't fellow Daoist take this opportunity to sell the Spirit Mist Grass you have on hand? At the very least, you can recoup some of your investment."

He Zhenghao hurriedly shook his head, "That won't do. I've invested almost a hundred years' worth of savings into it. At the very least, I need to wait for the price to rise again before I can sell..."

He was halfway through his words when he suddenly exclaimed, "Why is it falling again? Thirteen? Twelve? Ten? Eight?..."

"It's still falling?!"

In the blink of an eye, the price of Spirit Mist Grass collapsed from fifteen points per plant to six points per plant before finally stabilizing with great difficulty.

"It should... go back up, right?"

After remaining silent for a long time and seeing He Zhenghao disoriented and bewildered, Li Fan could only console him in this way.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 74: A Moment of Leisure


In Ten Thousand Immortals Island, the unusual fluctuation in the price of Spirit Mist Grass had already caused quite a stir.

Upon a little inquiry, Li Fan understood the truth behind the matter.

As expected, someone set up a scheme and ruthlessly reaped profits from cultivators like He Zhenghao who wanted to take advantage of the situation.

The news of the island where Spirit Mist Grass was cultivated being destroyed was indeed true. After the news was confirmed, many people hurried to enter, hoping to make a fortune.

However, what they didn't know was that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had recently discovered a subworld that had been sealed for a thousand years.

It was said to be rich in wood-element spiritual energy and filled with various rare spirit plants.

Spirit Mist Grass was abundant there.

One step could crush several plants.

Previously, only the high-ranking members of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance knew about this.

It wasn't until people in the market shed blood and tears over Spirit Mist Grass that the news was suddenly released.

No wonder the price of Spirit Mist Grass plummeted suddenly later.

"It seems like there's no hope for He Zhenghao to recover his investment," Li Fan said with a smile and regret.

"However, this senior's methods are not very ethical."

Li Fan checked the transaction records in the Tianxuan Mirror.

Greenwood Rebirth Nascent Lord.

This person was the one who first raised the price of Spirit Mist Grass. Later, during the tug-of-war between buyers and sellers, he dealt the final blow, smashing the price of Spirit Mist Grass.

It was obvious that he was an insider who had known about the news in advance.

Li Fan muttered to himself.

However, with Nascent Soul-level involvement, those who suffered losses probably didn't have the courage to confront him.

They could only accept their losses.

Li Fan even speculated maliciously that the island where Spirit Mist Grass was cultivated might have been secretly destroyed by this Nascent Soul.

"The market is truly treacherous," Li Fan shook his head.

Just as Li Fan was gloating, news came from He Zhenghao.

"Friend, I have sold all the goods acquired for this trip to Lijie. I've received a total of 2342 contribution points. According to our previous agreement, we each get half."

Although He Zhenghao suffered heavy losses in this investment action, he did not embezzle Li Fan's rightful reward.

Upon receiving the 1171 contribution points given by He Zhenghao, added to the remaining 125 points from before, Li Fan's current contribution points reached 1296 points, which would last him for a while.

After some consideration, Li Fan chose not to enter closed-door cultivation immediately. Instead, he searched for information about Jiao Xiuyuan.

He had heard that this person could obtain a large number of Concealing Form Talisman from the Talisman Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, indicating that he had good connections. While taking the opportunity to buy some spirit talismans, he hoped to gather information about Sikong Yi.

Ten Thousand Immortals Island was roughly divided into three main parts.

In the innermost core area were the official buildings of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, such as the Council Chamber, Martial Hall, Medicine Hall, and Talisman Hall.

The middle area comprised individually developed cultivation abodes, where one could purchase one with sufficient contribution points. This was a step up from being confined to the small space allocated by the Tianxuan Mirror.

The facilities in these caves were comparable to those in the Tianxuan Mirror space.

The outermost area was a mix of commercial and residential zones.

The transmission square and Tianxuan Mirror were located at the border between this area and the cultivation abode region.

The residences here only provided the most basic lodging function, without an increase in spiritual energy or a connection to the Tianxuan Mirror. If one wanted to cultivate, one still had to return to the Tianxuan Mirror space.

As for the commercial zone, they were independent shops established by various cultivators outside the Tianxuan Mirror trading system.

The prices of the goods in these shops were often lower than those in the Tianxuan Mirror, but there was no guarantee of the same quality.

Jiao Xiuyuan had opened a shop here.

Following the information obtained from the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan arrived at the corresponding location.

Thousand Mile Hall.

Li Fan glanced at the slightly crooked signboard and walked in.

The shop was not large, and the floor was littered with various items. The voice of a man could be faintly heard.

"I'm telling you, these ten Concealing Form Talismans must be traded at the price we agreed upon earlier. I don't care how much the price has dropped now..."

"What? You're canceling the transaction? You don't even want the deposit?!"

Bang!

"Damn it! Another one! Do they think Jiao Xiuyuan is easy to bully?" A man with a stubbled face and dark skin slammed the table and roared in frustration.

But soon, he slumped down and muttered to himself, "It's over, it's over. I, Jiao Xiuyuan, never do losing deals, but now I'm stuck with a large batch of Concealing Form Talismans..."

At this moment, he noticed that a customer had entered the store.

However, he couldn't see the person's face; it was clear they were using a Concealing Form Talisman.

Having seen many such people, Jiao Xiuyuan didn't pay much attention.

"What do you want? Formation talismans, artifact pills, we have everything, and discounts for large quantities!" he lazily greeted.

"How much for a Concealing Form Talisman?" the other party asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan's eyes lit up, and he became energetic.

"10 contribution points per talisman. How many do you want? If you want more than ten, I'll give you a 20% discount. If you want more than a hundred, I'll give you a 50% discount!"

Li Fan smiled, "I don't need that many. Five or six will suffice."

After a pause, Li Fan continued, "And your price isn't right. Before coming here, I bought one in the Tianxuan Mirror. A Concealing Form Talisman that can shield Golden Core cultivators' scrutiny is now priced at only 20 points. Why are you selling these subpar ones at such a high price?"

Jiao Xiuyuan's face twitched at the words and quickly changed his tune, "8 points per talisman, I can't go any lower. You have to understand that making talismans also has its own costs!"

"Alright, give me six," Li Fan didn't haggle any further.

Afraid that Li Fan might change his mind, Jiao Xiuyuan quickly took out six Concealing Form Talismans.

"How would you like to trade?"

The Tianxuan Mirror didn't support anonymous transactions. If they directly exchanged contribution points, their identities would be exposed.

However, Li Fan had already prepared before coming.

"Spirit stones." He took out five medium-grade spirit stones from his storage ring and handed them over.

Standard spirit stones were manufactured jointly by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association. They had different grades and were equivalent to the official currency of the cultivation world, with a unique anti-counterfeiting prohibition.

The exchange ratio between top-grade, high-grade, medium-grade, and low-grade spirit stones was 10:1.

Within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, one low-grade spirit stone could be exchanged for one contribution point in the Tianxuan Mirror.

The five medium-grade spirit stones Li Fan handed over were equivalent to 50 contribution points.

"Don't bother making change for me."

Li Fan put away the Concealing Form Talisman and casually asked, "Do you accept business related to investigating cultivators?"

Jiao Xiuyuan immediately became cautious upon hearing this.

He examined Li Fan and after much deliberation, he gritted his teeth and said, "Yes, why wouldn't I? I'm already losing money in my business. If I don't take on some private jobs, I won't be able to survive!"

"What's the name and cultivation level?" Jiao Xiuyuan asked in a hushed tone.

"Sikong Yi, middle stage Qi Condensation."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 75: Encountering the Dragonwhale


As soon as Jiao Xiuyuan heard that the target was only at the mid Qi Condensation stage, he immediately relaxed.

He eagerly said, "Rest assured, it's just a minor cultivator at the Qi Condensation stage. I guarantee to thoroughly investigate his life for you. About the price..."

Li Fan smiled, "Just a minor cultivator at the Qi Condensation stage, I believe it shouldn't be too expensive."

Jiao Xiuyuan wished to slap himself, reluctantly saying, "In this line of work, there's always some risk. How about this price?"

He showed a gesture of eight with his hand.

"Forty contribution points, not a point more," Li Fan shook his head.

"Oh, you're really haggling hard! How about 60 points? Or else, it will be another loss-making deal!" Jiao Xiuyuan exclaimed in distress.

Li Fan turned to leave.

"Wait, wait!" Jiao Xiuyuan hurriedly stopped Li Fan.

"Fifty points, that's the lowest I can go," he said with a pained expression.

Li Fan stopped then.

"First, give me ten contribution points as a deposit," Jiao Xiuyuan said, handing a Communication Talisman to Li Fan. "Once there are results, I will notify you through this talisman."

Li Fan accepted the talisman and handed over a middle-grade spirit stone to Jiao Xiuyuan.

Not in a hurry to leave, Li Fan began to inspect other items being sold in the room.

Seeing a potential big client, Jiao Xiuyuan became even more enthusiastic.

"What else would you like?"

"Do you have any cultivation techniques for sale? Preferably escape techniques, or something similar to the effect of a Concealing Form Talisman?" Li Fan asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan's expression froze.

"Heh, are you playing a joke on me? How about you look at other items? How about this Illusion Array Diagram? It's definitely a top-tier item. Once activated, it can trap a Qi Condensation stage cultivator for a day."

"This Frost Sword isn't bad either, suitable for ambushes..."

"Oh, please don't go!"

...

Exiting Thousand-Mile Hall, Li Fan returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

He planned to cultivate the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" to the late stages of Qi Condensation first.

Once the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit completely stabilized, he could release it for combat.

With the auxiliary cultivation mode activated, Li Fan once again entered seclusion.

...

One month later, in the eastern Dongfang Yanjing Island in the Cong Yun Sea.

In the depths of the sea, Li Fan concealed his aura and followed a group of Flame Sharks.

There were over a dozen Flame Sharks in this group, currently surrounding a solitary Crimsonback Whale.

The Crimsonback Whale was massive, and it usually fed on the seabed Fire Crystals, with skin as tough as rock.

The Flame Sharks had sharp teeth, swift movements, and coordinated attacks.

Although they couldn't inflict significant damage on the Crimsonback Whale for now, they were slowly wearing down its vitality.

The Crimsonback Whale made a few attempts to break through the blockade of the Flame Sharks but without success.

Gradually, its resistance became weaker.

Li Fan watched this scene and knew it was time.

The Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit manifested.

Then it turned into a thin blue light, swiftly passing through each of the over a dozen Flame Sharks and the Crimsonback Whale.

After a moment, Li Fan returned to his sea of consciousness.

The Flame Sharks and Crimsonback Whales suddenly stopped moving.

Then, a cold breath surged from within them, freezing them from the inside out.

In an instant, peculiar ice sculptures appeared on the seabed.

Their expressions and postures seemed lifelike, but they had long lost the breath of life.

"The power of the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit is indeed remarkable."

"Most of these sea beasts are equivalent to the Qi Condensation stage and have tough skin and flesh. Conventional methods will fail to hurt them. After launching a spiritual attack with the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit, they are as defenseless as lambs waiting to be slaughtered, without any resistance." Li Fan nodded, satisfied with the initial test of the Illusionary Spirit's destructive power.

Not long ago, after spending more than twenty days, he finally succeeded in breaking through the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" to the late stage of Qi Condensation.

To test the power of the Illusionary Spirit and earn some contribution points, he undertook the task of "hunting Flame Sharks to obtain their beast cores."

Each beast core earned 5 contribution points, totaling around 60 points. In addition to the materials from the Crimsonback Whale, this task could yield more than eighty contribution points in total.

It was better than nothing.

In the past, he used to gain contribution points in the thousands, so this meager amount couldn't really stir any emotions in Li Fan.

As Li Fan was thinking this, he was preparing to harvest the beast cores of the Flame Sharks.

Suddenly, he felt a tremendously massive figure approaching from the deep sea below.

Li Fan's face changed, and without caring about the nearby beast cores, he quickly retreated.

A dark brown, ferocious-looking sea monster with irregular protrusions on its forehead that seemed like a mix between a dragon and a fish, emerged suddenly from the shadows of the sea floor.

Its huge mouth opened and swallowed a dozen or so Flame Sharks along with the Crimsonback Whale in one gulp!

Its body swayed, and the giant monster swam in a circle before swimming towards a certain direction.

Li Fan, who had barely avoided the giant monster, hadn't reacted yet and watched helplessly as his prey was stolen right before his eyes.

Could he endure this?

Rage surged within Li Fan.

But soon, the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra circulated, calming him down a bit.

Wait a minute, could this giant monster be the same one that destroyed the island where the Spirit Mist Grass was planted?

It seemed to dawn on him, and Li Fan was stunned.

Before accepting the task of hunting Crimsonback Whales, Li Fan had seen another reward task.

Because this task was somewhat related to Li Fan, he carefully examined it.

It turned out that the group of people who had previously hyped up the Spirit Mist Grass had almost all suffered heavy losses, some losing their entire fortunes.

Frustration and resentment surged within them, making it impossible for them to concentrate on cultivation.

However, they didn't dare to provoke Greenwood Rebirth True Immortal and the Ten Thousand Immortals League. Thus, they could only vent their anger on the mysterious beast that had destroyed the island where the Spirit Mist Grass was planted.

According to witnesses, the attacker was a dragonwhale. It was roughly at the Qi Condensation stage.

The island's guardian was also a Qi Condensation cultivator.

However, the dragonwhale was massive, and the guardian's attacks were like tickles, having no effect at all.

The dragonwhale completely ignored the guardian, broke through the island's protective array, and rampaged on the island, consuming most of the Spirit Mist Grass.

After this, the Golden Core cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals League arrived late.

The dragonwhale, after being struck by a blow from a Golden Core cultivator, surprisingly didn't die. It was heavily injured and fled back into the deep sea.

The Cong Yun Sea was vast, and despite their efforts, these people couldn't find the dragonwhale even after searching for more than ten days.

Helpless, each of them contributed the little they had left and jointly issued a reward task.

Those who killed the dragonwhale would receive two thousand contribution points.

Because this dragonwhale was beyond the Qi Condensation cultivators' capabilities, Li Fan, a mere Qi Condensation cultivator, naturally didn't take this task before.

But...

The situation was different now!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 76: Dragonwhale’s Execution


The dragonwhale, worth 2000 contribution points, unexpectedly appeared in front of Li Fan and seized the reward for his mission.

How could Li Fan endure this? A Foundation Establishment cultivator might not be able to deal with the dragonwhale, but Li Fan might not be unable to kill it!

Li Fan narrowed his eyes, and the formless killing intent firmly locked onto the dragonwhale.

The whispers in his ears and the hallucinatory scenes reappeared.

However, this time, the side effects were considerably lesser compared to when he locked onto the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance Guardian previously.

Li Fan quickly recovered, watching the dragonwhale's disappearing figure ahead, and hurriedly followed.

The monstrous dragonwhale was completely unaware that it had been targeted by killing intent.

At this moment, it was hunting in the deep sea.

The pulsation from the bulge on top of its head told it that it was getting close.

As long as it continued hunting like this, before long, a radical transformation would occur within its body.

It could then finally shed this ugly form and assume the sacred appearance in its mind.

The dragonwhale roamed the deep sea, leisurely strolling as if it were in its own garden.

Not long after, it found prey in front of it again, one of its kind.

Another dragonwhale.

This one was a female.

Attracted by the powerful masculine aura, the female dragonwhale swam over, trying to please.

However, the monstrous dragonwhale, looking at this supposedly "beautiful" existence among its kin, felt a sense of nausea and disgust.

This was its own kind?

Truly absurd.

A dangerous light flickered in the monstrous dragonwhale's eyes.

As the female dragonwhale approached, it opened its massive mouth and ruthlessly swallowed her whole.

What a pitiful creature!

Quietly digesting the flesh and blood in its stomach, the monstrous dragonwhale couldn't help but recall its past.

Once upon a time, it wandered aimlessly in the depths of the sea like this poor creature.

Living on instincts: eating, mating, surviving.

But one day, everything suddenly changed.

As if awakening from a long nightmare, it began to awaken its consciousness.

It had a purpose.

It wanted to become powerful, as strong as those creatures that flew above the sea surface all day.

In its mind, it found a plethora of knowledge seemingly out of thin air.

It knew which things it could consume to grow the fastest.

Its instincts also became more accurate.

In certain places on the sea floor, whenever it approached, it felt an incredible danger.

So, it always avoided these areas to eat.

Its growth speed increased rapidly, and it became more intelligent.

Gradually it could even sense things that would be helpful for it on the sea surface from the bottom of the sea.

So, for the first time in its life, it rushed out of the sea and feasted on islands.

And just as danger approached, it quickly left.

Since then, a bulge appeared on its forehead.

And in its mind, the image of an immensely powerful mythical beast appeared.

An instinctual sensing told it that this was the power hidden deep within its bloodline.

As long as it continued to devour, it too could become as powerful as its ancestors!

Yes! Relentless devouring! No one could stop it!

A dangerous aura snapped the monstrous dragonwhale back from its memories.

It suddenly realized that a massive sea serpent was blocking its path.

In its memories, this sea serpent had lived for a long time.

It had been the overlord of this sea area since the monstrous dragonwhale was born.

Once upon a time, for safety, it used to avoid the sea serpent.

However, times have changed now...

A hint of greed flashed in the monstrous dragonwhale's eyes as it lunged towards the sea serpent.

After a fierce battle, the seafloor was dyed red with blood.

The monstrous dragonwhale swallowed the most valuable parts of the sea serpent.

Gentle energy continuously surged from its stomach, healing its injuries.

The dragonwhale felt a bit excited.

Although it was injured, it was absolutely worth it.

As long as it completely absorbed the sea serpent's energy...

Before it could start daydreaming, another dangerous presence approached rapidly from a distance.

Was it that giant octopus?

Why did everything seem to come at once today?

Well, let's just swallow you all.

The dragonwhale roared and engaged in a battle with the giant octopus.

After a long while, the gigantic body of the octopus was torn into pieces.

But the monstrous dragonwhale was also covered in wounds.

Before it could consume and absorb the octopus, it sensed that three or four dangerous auras were approaching from not far away.

It was really an unlucky day!

It hastened its speed, wanting to get away from these annoying creatures.

But...

It was never-ending.

Wherever it went, it encountered enemies launching attacks against it.

Even those clearly not its match would charge at it as if they had gone mad, coming to their deaths.

At first, it thought of teaching these pests a lesson, but soon, it could only flee in a panic.

Because there were too many of these pests, and it hadn't rested in a long time, becoming increasingly exhausted.

The dragonwhale sensed that something was amiss.

But it didn't know where the problem lay.

The pursuit and attacks from other underwater creatures seemed never-ending.

The dragonwhale's consciousness started to blur.

Until the moment before death, it vaguely saw a phantom, glowing with blue light, appearing before it.

Then, its consciousness was completely frozen.

...

The Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit dealt the final blow to this monstrous dragonwhale, and Li Fan finally breathed a sigh of relief.

The lock of the formless killing intent dissipated, and the surrounding seabed creatures, who had been eyeing him intently, hesitated and stopped approaching.

The time it took to hunt the dragonwhale far exceeded Li Fan's expectations.

This monstrous beast was just too powerful.

Recalling the great battles he witnessed between various fierce sea creatures along the way, Li Fan was still amazed.

Fortunately, no matter how strong it was, it couldn't withstand endless consumption.

It took more than twenty days in total for Li Fan to finally exhaust and kill this monstrous dragonwhale.

This showed how tenacious its vitality was.

"An ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator would have no chance against such a beast."

"Formless killing intent is truly worthy of being comprehended from the killing intent of heaven and earth, it's indeed formidable."

Having effortlessly hunted the monstrous dragonwhale and obtained 2000 contribution points, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a bit delighted.

"The dragonwhale is too large, and I can't fit it into the storage ring. I can only cut off a few pieces with obvious characteristics and value..."

Li Fan looked at the dragonwhale's corpse in front of him, contemplating to himself.

After some hard work, Li Fan dismembered the dragonwhale.

Just as he was about to leave, something suddenly came to mind.

"I heard that the stomachs of these dragonwhales often contain things that are hard to digest. Over the years, they aggregate into a mass. It can be used as rare alchemy material, also worth quite a few contribution points."

Following the principle of not missing opportunities, Li Fan started searching in the monstrous dragonwhale's stomach.

"The stomach of this dragonwhale is indeed diverse, with all sorts of things..."

"Huh, what's this..."

Li Fan picked up a round, half-digested bead-like object, and it felt strangely familiar.

Soon, he realized.

"Isn't this a Liuli Pearl..."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 77: Stalking Shadow Technique


Li Fan found many undigested Liuli Pearls inside the stomach of the dragonwhale.

It should be the remnants of a Liuli Fish school that the dragonwhale had swallowed.

"It seems that since I killed that giant Liuli Fish, the situation of the Liuli Fish school has become precarious," Li Fan pondered to himself.

In addition to the Liuli Pearls, there were also half a piece of coral, a shining fish bone, and various other miscellaneous items.

Li Fan didn't care whether he recognized them or not; he packed them all.

Finally, after rechecking to ensure that he didn't miss anything, Li Fan quietly left.

There was no conversation along the way, and he safely returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

After submitting the dragonwhale's carcass, Li Fan exchanged everything he had gathered from its stomach for contribution points.

A total of 320 points.

Afterward, through an appraisal, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance confirmed that the dragonwhale carcass Li Fan turned in was indeed the one that had attacked the island before.

Thus, he received the task reward of 2000 points.

Adding the previous remaining 450 points, Li Fan now had a total of 2770 contribution points that he could use.

"With so many contribution points, I should be able to choose a satisfactory technique."

Currently, Li Fan lacked a method to conceal his own aura to track others.

These kinds of techniques were quite rare, but for just the Qi Condensation stage, 2770 contribution points were more than enough.

Li Fan began his selection in the Tianxuan Mirror.

At this moment, in Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the task to hunt the dragonwhale, which had once left many Foundation Establishment stage cultivators helpless, was actually completed by a Qi Condensation cultivator.

This unusual occurrence immediately caught the attention of many people.

The group of people who had initially jointly issued the task were especially puzzled.

"Late-Qi Condensation, Li Fan? Who is this person? Wasn't it said that the dragonwhale could resist attacks from Golden Core cultivators? How did Li Fan manage to kill it?"

"Could it be that this person is hiding his cultivation base?"

"Is this fellow Daoist a newcomer to our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance? How could he hide his cultivation base in front of the Tianxuan Mirror? Impossible!"

"Indeed, this person undoubtedly possesses the strength of the late Qi Condensation stage. I have confirmed with someone; he was recommended by He Zhenghao to join Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance not long ago."

"Oh? So how did this person achieve it?"

"Could it be that this person possesses some extraordinary treasures?"

...

A Qi Condensation cultivator achieving something that even Foundation Establishment cultivators couldn't naturally sparked various thoughts.

At this moment, a disdainful voice spoke, "Stop guessing. The latest inside information is that this kid just got lucky." This statement immediately drew a lot of attention.

"Fellow Daoist Zhou Peng, what do you mean by that?"

"Yeah, lucky? How is that possible?"

...

Zhou Peng sighed, "I can't believe it either, but it's the truth."

"So, fellow Daoist Zhou Peng, what exactly are you saying?"

"The carcass of the dragonwhale was sent to Elder Sun of the Hall of Heavenly Secrets for analysis. The conclusion drawn was that this dragonwhale had fought at least three sea giants of the same level before it died."

"Most of the injuries on its body were left by these sea giants."

"Before it died, this dragonwhale was already at its last breath. Even if that kid hadn't intervened, this dragonwhale wouldn't have survived much longer."

After Zhou Peng finished speaking, the surroundings fell silent.

Although it was a bit unbelievable, the name of Elder Sun from the Hall of Heavenly Secrets was somewhat known to everyone.

So, the conclusion he reached was still relatively credible.

"It's said that the dragonwhale showed signs of transforming into a dragon. Perhaps for this reason, it attracted the greed of other giant beasts." "That makes sense. For beasts capable of devouring each other to evolve, those that have awakened their ancestral bloodlines like this are the most beneficial."

"Oh, this Qi Condensation kid is unexpectedly so lucky. It's truly enviable. That's 2000 contribution points!"

The people around nodded in agreement.

...

Li Fan was already prepared for the possible impact of completing the dragonwhale reward task.

But he wasn't afraid at all.

Because no matter how you looked at it, the dragonwhale died due to mutual slaughter among giant beasts. He was just lucky to pick up the spoils.

For 2000 contribution points, it was worth taking a little risk.

Putting this matter aside, after a period of searching and comparing, Li Fan decided on his target technique.

"Stalking Shadow Technique."

The technique excelled in tracking and concealment.

Once locked onto the opponent, he could closely follow them like their shadow, making it difficult for the opponent to get rid of him.

It could even hide like a shadow in the darkness, making it impossible for the opponent to detect.

Such a miraculous effect naturally came at a price.

1800 contribution points.

Li Fan didn't hesitate and directly bought it.

Just as Li Fan was preparing to enter seclusion for cultivation, he suddenly received a Communication Talisman message from He Zhenghao.

"Fellow Daoist Li Fan! I didn't expect that the cultivator who killed the dragonwhale was really you! I thought it was another cultivator with the same name, same surname, and same realm as you!"

"Someone asked me about your situation, and only then did I confirm that it was indeed you who killed that dragonwhale!"

He Zhenghao seemed unusually excited.

"Alright, alright. You've finally vented for me! You have no idea, these days, every time I close my eyes, all I see is the image of the Spirit Mist Grass prices plummeting."

...

Li Fan fell silent for a moment, then replied, "It's just good luck. When doing the mission, I happened to come across that dragonwhale fighting other giants, and so I got lucky."

Shortly after the message was sent, He Zhenghao immediately replied.

"Luck is also a part of strength, my fellow Daoist. Your talent and luck are extraordinary; your future is bound to be promising!"

Before Li Fan could decide on a reply, He Zhenghao sent another message.

"Can I ask you for a favor?"

"Oh? What's the matter?"

"Well, I want to ask my fellow Daoist to temporarily act as the guardian on Liuli Island for me. What do you think?"

"Guard temporarily?" Li Fan was a bit curious.

He Zhenghao hurriedly explained.

"Previously, because of the incident with the Spirit Mist Grass, I lost most of my savings from these years. I'm getting farther and farther away from the Nascent Soul technique I want to exchange for. I'm not reconciled."

"Coincidentally, a few fellow Daoists recently discovered an ancient cave, and they invited me to explore it together. According to them, this cave should have been sealed before the great calamity, and there are bound to be many rare treasures inside, and even the existence of techniques is not impossible."

"If I can make some gains, it can also compensate for my losses. So, I've decided to take a chance."

Li Fan thought for a moment and didn't immediately reply. Instead, he asked, "I wonder how long you need me to oversee temporarily?"

He Zhenghao quickly replied, "I won't take long. At least one or two years, at most three or four years."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 78: The Opening of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace


"Sorry. I'm indeed helpless in this matter. I have a premonition that a breakthrough is imminent, and I need to go out to seek opportunities within the next two years. I can't guard Liuli Island for an extended period," Li Fan replied.

The Cloud Water Heavenly Palace would open in a little over a year. Li Fan was determined not to miss the opportunity to enter early just for a small amount of contribution points obtained guarding duty.

He straightforwardly declined He Zhenghao's request.

"I see. I'll have to find someone else then. I wish you success in reaching Foundation Establishment soon!" He Zhenghao regretfully responded.

No more messages were exchanged through the Communication Talisman.

Li Fan didn't pay much attention and, instead, spent contribution points to activate the auxiliary cultivation mode.

He began cultivating "Stalking Shadow Technique."

After all, it was an auxiliary technique, and cultivating "Stalking Shadow Technique" was much simpler compared to the other two techniques.

With the double boosts from the augmented cultivation and the Golden Liuli Pearl, in less than ten days, Li Fan had cultivated it to the later stage of the Qi Condensation.

At the moment, Li Fan was testing the effects of the "Stalking Shadow Technique."

With 100 contribution points, he simulated a hunt for a Foundation Establishment cultivator in the Tianxuan Mirror.

The surrounding space transformed into continuous mountain ranges.

In the mountains, a figure was swiftly flying away into the distance.

That was the target set for the hunt.

As Li Fan watched the figure getting farther away, he activated the technique, and his figure suddenly darkened.

It was as if he was covered with a dark veil, making him hard to detect amidst the ubiquitous shadows.

As the target was about to disappear from sight, Li Fan accelerated abruptly, catching up in a burst of speed.

Compared to the simple wind-controlling flight he had learned before, Li Fan's speed had greatly increased.

There seemed to be a subtle connection with the locked target, boosting Li Fan's speed to a certain extent.

It was as if Li Fan had truly become the target's shadow, making it impossible for the target to shake him off.

He could continuously leap and navigate through the shadows on the ground.

In no time at all, Li Fan caught up with the figure ahead.

The surroundings blurred for a moment, and the illusion of mountains, rivers, and the cultivator vanished simultaneously.

Once again, it returned to a pitch-black space.

The hunt concluded, and Li Fan was quite satisfied with the "Stalking Shadow Technique."

Its effect of concealing one's aura was outstanding, especially when combined with the Concealing Form Talisman. It would make it even more difficult for others to detect him.

Although Sikong Yi seemed a bit mysterious, his cultivation should be in the late stage of Qi Condensation. Li Fan had made ample preparations and had a well-devised plan. The heist of the "Cloud Water Map" should not pose significant problems.

Now that everything was in place, he awaited the intelligence from Jiao Xiuyuan and the official opening of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan's eyes were deep as he gazed into the distance.

...

Two months later, Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance Island, Thousand Mile Hall.

Having received a message from Jiao Xiuyuan, Li Fan activated the Concealing Form Talisman and hurried over.

Upon meeting Jiao Xiuyuan, he pretended to be angry, saying, "How is Thousand Mile Hall operating? Just a mere Qi Condensation cultivator and it took so long to gather intelligence. I thought you all had forgotten about it and I was preparing to find someone else!"

Jiao Xiuyuan looked a bit embarrassed, but he quickly grabbed Li Fan and activated the shop's formation to isolate prying eyes.

He then explained in a low voice, "Please lower your voice! There were reasons for the delay."

"Hmm?" Li Fan's expression changed slightly, waiting for further explanation.

"Hehe, to be honest, this task's difficulty was beyond my expectations. The fifty contribution points we agreed upon last time were really too little! You know, I had to seek help from a senior in the late stage of Foundation Establishment to complete this task..." Jiao Xiuyuan looked at Li Fan, making obvious implications.

"What, are you trying to renegotiate the price?" Li Fan squinted his eyes, staring at Jiao Xiuyuan with a displeased expression.

Jiao Xiuyuan scratched her head. "Could you add a few more points...?"

Li Fan turned to leave.

Jiao Xiuyuan panicked and almost jumped up. "Oh my goodness, my dear ancestor, my luck is really bad! Two consecutive money-losing deals."

"Alright, alright, I'll stick to what we agreed upon—fifty it is!" he gritted his teeth and said.

"Here, added the previous deposit, it sums up to exactly fifty contribution points," Li Fan said coldly, tossing four medium-grade spirit stones over.

"I'm not making much money off you," Jiao Xiuyuan said, receiving the spirit stones with a wry face, then handed a jade slip to Li Fan.

Li Fan took the jade slip and examined it with his divine sense, his expression changing.

He then put away the jade slip and left.

Watching Li Fan's departing figure, the obsequious expression on Jiao Xiuyuan's face vanished suddenly.

He caressed the spirit stones in his hand, emitting a sneer.

"One is mysterious, with an unknown background; the other is secretive, with unclear motives."

"I'd like to see what you two are up to."

...

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan carefully read the contents of the jade slip again and then destroyed it.

"Two people?"

Li Fan frowned slightly, feeling a bit troublesome.

According to the information gathered by Jiao Xiuyuan, Sikong Yi usually kept a low profile and rarely showed up.

She had a good friend named Baili Chen, also a male cultivator.

Baili Chen's strength was slightly weaker, at the mid Qi Condensation level.

Sikong Yi and Baili Chen seemed to have an extremely good relationship, always staying together whenever they went out, inseparable.

Moreover, the two of them seemed to have a certain kind of combined attack technique.

During battles, they cooperated seamlessly, their minds connected, resembling one person.

These two individuals usually stayed on Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance Island and rarely ventured out except to complete tasks and accumulate contribution points.

However, during Jiao Xiuyuan's investigation, the two of them had mysteriously disappeared once.

After leaving Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance Island, they disappeared, and it was unknown where they had gone.

"Who is this Baili Chen, and why do I have no impression of him?" Li Fan carefully recollected but couldn't find any information about Baili Chen in his memory.

"It seems this person might have perished in the ruins of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace."

"However, I didn't expect to have to deal with another cultivator. My current preparations seem insufficient."

"Fortunately, there's still plenty of time."

Thoughts surged in his mind, and Li Fan began to plan again.

...

One year later.

In the eleventh year in the central region of the Congyun Sea.

The thunderstorm that had been brewing in the sky for several months roared continuously.

The thick vortex cloud layer had turned black and was slowly rotating, continuously gathering power.

The clouds seemed like thick walls guarding the center of the vortex.

There, blue lights were constantly flickering.

With each flicker, some inexplicable changes seemed to occur in this central sea area.

This abnormality naturally attracted countless cultivators.

There were even rumors that an ancient sect's ruin was about to manifest in this location.

So, in these past few months, the gathering of cultivators has become more and more prominent.

Li Fan, naturally, was among them.

His gaze swept over the crowd and discreetly paused on Sikong Yi and Baili Chen.

Then, he spotted Jiao Xiuyuan in the crowd.

Jiao Xiuyuan was staring at the vortex cloud layer in the sky, looking quite excited.

"He probably thinks he's stumbled upon an opportunity and can gain some profits."

"Little does he know, he's just digging his own grave."

A cold glint flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 79: Chief of the Teaching Hall


As the vortex cloud continued to rotate, it seemed to generate an inexplicable attraction.

All the clouds in the entire Cong Yun Sea's sky were slowly absorbed and merged into it.

The scale grew increasingly vast, occupying the entire field of vision. Just looking up gave one a suffocating sensation.

The frequency of the blue flashes at the center of the vortex also accelerated.

Finally, when everything reached a critical point.

In the center of the vortex, the blue light erupted suddenly.

After forming a ring, it spread outward continuously from the center of the vortex.

The speed at which the ring expanded was extremely fast.

When people first saw it, it was still inside the vortex cloud layer.

In the blink of an eye, it swept across all the cultivators present.

Without time for their faces to show a shocked expression, those who were swept by the blue light disappeared like illusions.

The blue light continued to spread outward.

If one could overlook the phenomena from ten thousand meters in the sky, they would see that this blue light ring spread from the central sea area to the entire Cong Yun Sea in an extremely short time.

It reached the end of the sea area and stopped.

Then...

It suddenly contracted.

With a speed several times faster than the expansion, it collapsed back to its original point.

The blue light instantly became extremely bright.

The thunderstorm in the vortex cloud layer stopped.

The thick cumulus clouds, which were thousands of kilometers thick and tens of thousands of miles long, seemed to be squeezed and kneaded by an invisible giant hand.

At the same time, in the Cong Yun Sea.

Countless blue dots separated from the sea surface from various places, floating and gathering.

Swiftly moving towards the clouds above.

Gradually, the thick cumulus clouds, in their constant silent movement, formed a continuous building-like structure.

Then, the blue dots attracted misty water vapor floating up from below.

The cloud layer gradually turned azure and transparent.

This anomaly lasted for a quarter of an hour.

Finally, a massive heavenly palace, gathering the clouds and water, translucent and blue all over, appeared above the Cong Yun Sea.

The Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, sealed for thousands of years, reappeared in the world!

...

"In front, the battle is intense, and all major sects have suffered heavy losses. My Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, as the leader of the sects in Cong Yun Sea, is no exception."

"I don't know how many senior brothers have died on the battlefield."

"The Sect Master entrusted me to go out and recruit disciples before he left. I can't fail his entrustment."

"Fortunately, this trip was quite fruitful."

Li Fan gradually regained consciousness.

Looking around, he saw a plaza with over a hundred cultivators lying all over the place.

However, all the cultivators' clothes had turned blue and white, with faintly visible characters "cloud" and "water" on them.

In front of the crowd, a tall and handsome man in white was muttering something to himself.

The white-clad man looked quite handsome, but a hint of nonchalance could be seen in his expression.

Seeing this scene, Li Fan, recalling what he had heard in his previous life, knew that he had successfully entered the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

At present, he couldn't act rashly and had to wait quietly for the "plot" to unfold.

So he concealed his breath and remained motionless.

Gradually, the group of cultivators on the plaza began to wake up.

When they saw their situation clearly, some of them became a little excited.

"What's going on? Where is this place? I remember we were near that vortex cloud, weren't we?"

"Also, what's the deal with these clothes?"

They noticed the man in white in front of them, who stood out from the crowd.

Immediately, someone asked impatiently, "Hey! You, the guy in white, did you bring us here? Who are you? What's your purpose?"

The man in white finally woke up from his mumbling.

Looking at the group of cultivators in front of him, a joyful smile appeared on his face. "Oh, you're finally awake. Next, stay quiet. I'm going to explain some important matters to you."

Before he could finish speaking, he was impatiently interrupted.

"Stop the nonsense and tell us, where is this place?"

A hint of amusement appeared at the corner of the man's mouth. He shook his head, "It seems the newcomers this time aren't very obedient."

Without much movement, he glanced at the person who spoke up.

A blue light flashed, and the person who had spoken before had their head severed.

The previously noisy square suddenly became extremely quiet.

Some of the cultivators were frightened, while others suddenly realized something.

The man in white looked satisfied as he observed the now quiet crowd. He spoke calmly, "I am Qin Tang, the Chief of the Teaching Hall in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace. You should address me as Senior Brother Qin."

"You are all outer disciples recruited by me this time. In the next few months, as long as you can pass my various tests, you will be able to officially join the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace."

"Of course, there are a few points that you must remember."

"The first point is to show enough respect to Senior Brother Qin. Whatever I say, you must do. As you've seen, the consequences of disobedience."

"The second point..."

Qin Tang continued to explain.

The cultivators below seemed quiet on the surface but were already communicating with each other through their divine senses.

"Does anyone know what's going on?"

"This is strange! The Cloud Water Heavenly Palace seems to be a sect ruin shrouded in anomalies."

"Is Qin Tang a real person?"

"Definitely not a living person! Haven't you seen that he has no aura at all?"

"Don't panic, the anomaly has its own rules. As long as we follow what Qin Tang says, there shouldn't be any immediate danger."

Li Fan subtly glanced towards Sikong Yi and Baili Chen.

These two individuals remained composed as if they had already known they would encounter an anomaly.

Or perhaps, even if it was an anomaly, these two were completely prepared for it?

Li Fan then looked at Qin Tang.

Based on his memories of the exploration of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace from his previous life, Qin Tang was the first checkpoint to enter the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

He wasn't a living person but an entity similar to an anomaly.

Whatever he said was the rule of this anomaly.

If you wanted to stay alive, you had to abide by it.

And only by passing his tests could you obtain the qualification to explore various parts of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

...

Qin Tang finally finished speaking.

He clapped his hands, "It's getting late today. Let me take you to rest. Early tomorrow, we will officially begin the tests."

"Follow me."

Saying this, he turned and walked towards the outside of the square.

The vast majority of the cultivators, including Sikong Yi and Baili Chen, obediently followed behind Qin Tang in white.

Li Fan also followed closely.

Only a very small number of people exchanged glances and did not follow the crowd.

Instead, they rushed in the opposite direction, attempting to leave.

Qin Tang seemed to be unaware of these people's actions, showing no reaction.

These people were about to escape, and their flying speed increased.

They failed to notice that as they moved further away from Qin Tang, more and more blue light emerged from their bodies.

Finally, after flying a distance.

All these people turned into dried corpses, falling heavily to the ground.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 80: Remember to Sleep Early


The cultivators following behind Qin Tang noticed the scene in the distance and were all shocked.

"What a bunch of fools. I already said we encountered an anomaly, yet they attempted to escape. They truly don't know how to spell 'death.'"

"I know one of them, a Foundation Establishment cultivator named Sun Kairong. His Dao techniques were quite impressive, I never expected him to die so quietly."

"Strange, when they died, why didn't we see any declaration by the heavens and earth?"

"Friend, is this the first time you've heard of an anomaly? Under the shroud of anomaly, its own rules are established. Most common knowledge is invalid. So, we must be careful."

"Thank you for the advice."

...

As they walked, they communicated through their divine senses, their expressions varying.

Not long after, Qin Tang led everyone to a tall building.

In the center was a straight corridor.

On either side of the corridor were small rooms.

Inside each room, there were no other decorations.

There were only five wooden beds placed simply.

"Alright! Rest here for the night! Gather in the square early tomorrow morning!" Qin Tang turned around and said to everyone.

After speaking, he shook his head and left.

"Oh right, remember to sleep early!"

After his figure disappeared, Qin Tang's voice faintly echoed again.

Seeing the anomaly vanish, the cultivators in the square finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Most of them were familiar with each other, so they found rooms together.

Sikong Yi and Baili Chen naturally stayed in the same room.

Li Fan didn't force himself to go over and just chose another room relatively close to theirs.

There were already two people inside the room.

These two were also acquainted, currently communicating with each other using their divine senses.

Li Fan didn't greet them.

He lay directly on the bed, circulating the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, calming his mind and dissipating distractions.

Before long, he fell into a deep sleep.

The two people still conversing noticed this and were momentarily stunned.

Then, they realized what was going on. Their faces suddenly turned pale, as if struck by a sudden horror.

So, they hastily stopped communicating and forced themselves to enter sleep.

However, not everyone could keenly perceive what was about to happen.

There were still many people exchanging what they had seen and heard today with their companions and expressing their excitement for the possible treasures in this brand-new Cloud Water Heavenly Palace ruins.

Their expressions were full of excitement, making it difficult to fall asleep.

Time passed bit by bit.

It was unknown how long had passed.

Suddenly, all the lights in this tall building went out.

In the darkness, Qin Tang's voice echoed softly.

"Oh dear, these newcomers aren't very obedient, are they?"

"I already said to sleep early."

"How come, until now, so many people still haven't rested?"

"If it delays tomorrow's test, that wouldn't be good."

"Since you can't sleep, let me help you."

Splurt!

Splurt!

Splurt!

Chilling sounds kept ringing.

Countless cultivators lost their lives without being able to utter a scream.

At this moment, everyone present finally understood that Qin Tang's earlier words, "remember to sleep early," were not a joke.

But it was too late.

The breaths of many cultivators were continuously vanishing.

Some wanted to shout, waking those who were already asleep.

But as soon as the sound came out, it abruptly stopped.

Murder and death spread in the darkness.

Under this terrifying atmosphere, some cultivators who hadn't fallen asleep finally couldn't bear it.

Their auras surged, preparing to use all their strength and confront Qin Tang in white to the death.

Qin Tang snorted coldly, seemingly offended.

The blue light flickered and then extinguished.

As a result, those cultivators who wanted to resist fell silently without a ripple.

After killing these people, Qin Tang's mood seemed to improve a bit. "Oh, this task is really tiring. If it weren't for the fact that the Sect Master, senior martial brothers, and senior martial sisters have all disappeared, they wouldn't have needed me to step in."

"Boring, really boring. I'd rather go for a drink!"

The words of Qin Tang were incoherent, and his actions were arbitrary.

As his words faded away, the surviving cultivators inside the building all breathed a sigh of relief.

However, no one could be sure when Qin Tang might return.

So, they all wanted to take the opportunity to fall asleep.

But...

Sleeping, for those who often suffer from insomnia, was certainly a familiar struggle.

If there were no mental burdens, falling asleep was natural.

However, on the contrary, if one kept worrying about something, forcing oneself to sleep.

More often than not, they would startle awake just as they were about to fall asleep.

In addition, many of these cultivators had become accustomed to using closed-door cultivation to replace sleep.

They had seemingly lost the ability to sleep.

Thus, even though they knew they would die if they didn't sleep, many cultivators still couldn't fall asleep.

Seeing that the life-threatening Qin Tang could return at any moment, these people were helpless.

They secretly regretted not learning a few hypnotic spells before coming here and could only choose to knock themselves out, hoping to bluff their way through.

Unfortunately, in Qin Tang's eyes, sleeping and being unconscious were clearly two different concepts.

So, in the latter half of the night, when Qin Tang returned again.

It was another scene of bloodshed and carnage.

Early the next morning, when Li Fan woke up.

What he saw was corpses covering the ground inside the building.

Jiao Xiuyuan, as Li Fan expected, hadn't been able to pass this test.

Headless, lying silently there.

Li Fan naturally wouldn't have any pity for him.

Without delay, Li Fan headed straight to yesterday's square.

With the lesson from yesterday, the cultivators didn't wander around randomly and gathered obediently on the square.

The crowd was sparse, and the surviving cultivators were less than two-thirds of yesterday.

The trial hadn't officially started, and there were already so many casualties.

The survivors were pessimistic about what they would face next, their faces gloomy.

Li Fan knew that this was just the beginning.

In the end, less than one-tenth of the first batch of cultivators who entered the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace could make it out alive.

In the crowd, Li Fan also saw the figures of Sikong Yi and Baili Chen.

He just swept his gaze over them, not dwelling for long.

Quietly waiting for Qin Tang to arrive.

Not long after, Qin Tang appeared in front of everyone again.

He held a gourd flask and was chugging it as he walked.

"Good wine! Such good wine!"

Qin Tang shouted joyfully while looking at the surviving cultivators on the square.

"Alright, it looks like everyone is here."

"Then, let's officially begin the first trial."

His eyes narrowed, as if reminiscing about something.

"My master once said that in the pursuit of immortality and enlightenment, three things are crucial."

"Natural talent, character, and luck."

"My master believed that among these three, natural talent is the most important."

"But I think differently."

"I believe that among the three, character is the most important."

"So, I've arranged three trials, all related to character."

Qin Tang spoke slowly, leading everyone to a tower.

The tower had three floors.

The first floor where everyone was situated had hundreds of bookshelves.

Each bookshelf was filled with books.

Everyone looked carefully.

"Flight of the Clouds," "Flying Thunder," "Wood Rejuvenation Technique"...

Each book was indeed a cultivation technique.

The breathing of everyone suddenly became rapid.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 81: The Trial of Focus


In the hearts of all the cultivators, a single thought emerged simultaneously.

"This is a windfall."

Just by looking at this first level, the number of cultivation techniques exceeded tens of thousands! Taking some of them out at random would be equivalent to years of hard work.

A wave of desire surged in the hearts of the cultivators.

Although these cultivators were already very envious of the techniques on the bookshelves, they were still restrained by Qin Tang's previous display of power and didn't dare to act recklessly.

However, it seemed that Qin Tang was unaware of the abnormality among the cultivators.

He looked at the rows of bookshelves, a look of nostalgia in his eyes, and slowly said, "The path of the heart lies in focus, courage, and perseverance."

"This first trial is to test your level of focus."

"There are 36,541 techniques here. For the next period, stay here and transcribe these techniques. You have three months."

"After three months, I will assess you based on the quantity and quality of the techniques you transcribed."

Upon hearing Qin Tang's words, all the cultivators present showed wild excitement.

So many techniques were actually made available for them to transcribe?

As long as they could remember a few techniques, even if they gained nothing else later, this adventure would still be worth it.

Ignoring the reactions of the cultivators present, Qin Tang casually pointed, and hundreds of sets of tables and chairs floated up in the attic.

On the tables were brushes, ink, paper, and inkstones.

"Alright, you may begin. I hope you don't disappoint me," Qin Tang said and took out a wine gourd from somewhere, drinking from it again.

Then he leaned against the wall, motionless, seemingly falling asleep.

Seeing Qin Tang giving the order, these cultivators couldn't hold back.

They rushed to the bookshelves, picked up the techniques, and checked them out.

After a while, the attic erupted into a commotion.

"What is this? How is this possible?"

"'Golden Flame Intense Fire Technique,' a fire attribute technique. You can cultivate it all the way to the Nascent Soul stage?"

"This book, and this one too, they're all Nascent Soul level techniques?"

"Haha, it's a windfall, a complete windfall this time!"

...

Watching the cultivators, seemingly insane, Li Fan couldn't help but sneer inwardly.

He randomly picked up a technique, chose a table, and began transcribing.

He didn't bother to delve into the contents of the technique; he just patiently copied it word by word.

Because he knew, these techniques were all illusory!

In the previous life, the cultivators who had explored this trial had already reached a conclusion about the techniques that appeared in this trial.

No matter how you recorded the techniques during the trial, once you left the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, all the records would disappear.

As if they never existed.

These tempting techniques were like a mirror's reflection or a moon in water, tools to lure one's mind.

Although some of the cultivators present had a vague idea of the truth...

But...

When faced with genuine Nascent Soul level techniques, how many could resist the temptation and not read them carefully?

There were even one or two individuals who were directly captivated by the profound and miraculous aspects of the techniques, and they hadn't begun transcribing even after being reminded by others.

Even when they finally came to their senses due to others' reminders...

They still transcribed intermittently, unable to resist looking back and reading.

Few were as focused as Li Fan, writing tirelessly and paying no attention to the techniques.

Paper and ink seemed endless, and soon Li Fan finished transcribing the technique in his hands.

He returned it to the bookshelf and picked up another one.

Li Fan's indifferent behavior caught the attention of some people.

After some contemplation, they also gave up the idea of trying to memorize the techniques.

They focused on transcribing instead.

As for those still immersed in the techniques, they didn't have the kindness to remind them.

...

Time passed day by day.

Transcribing continuously was a monotonous and arduous task.

With the previous lesson in mind, nobody dared to use their magical powers to cheat.

Soon, some couldn't endure it.

They couldn't help but stop to take a break.

Some closed their eyes and rested for a while, then immediately resumed transcribing.

Some thoroughly rested before regrouping.

Li Fan, however, never rested for a moment.

There were about two or three others like Li Fan, seemingly tireless, likely due to their good endurance and mental strength from practicing cultivation techniques.

Even after staying awake for a very long time, there was no apparent exhaustion.

Li Fan persisted unendingly.

Because he was clear that in this trial, Qin Tang's evaluation was not only based on the quantity of transcribed techniques and the number of mistakes made but also on an essential criterion: the duration from the moment one picked up the brush to when they put it down.

As Qin Tang had mentioned earlier, this trial was about focus.

Since they started transcribing techniques, stopping for any reason would mean a disruption in that "focus."

Li Fan was single-minded, immersed in transcribing the techniques.

All physical and mental fatigue was forcibly suppressed.

He didn't know how much time had passed.

"Oh, I had such a good sleep!" Qin Tang's voice suddenly echoed in Li Fan's ear.

He stretched lazily, and the pen and paper in front of Li Fan disappeared.

"The time is up, let me see how you've performed."

"Tsk tsk tsk, it's really worse than the previous years." Qin Tang squinted as if inspecting something and shook his head repeatedly.

"Oh, wait a moment..."

"This is interesting."

As if he had discovered something, he glanced towards Li Fan, a hint of a smile appearing at the corner of his mouth.

But Qin Tang didn't say anything more; he quickly withdrew his gaze.

"The first trial is now over. Rest for a day, and on the day after tomorrow, we'll begin the second trial."

He clapped his hands, and Li Fan felt a sudden shift in his surroundings.

In the blink of an eye, he was back in the tall building where he had slept earlier.

Qin Tang's figure didn't appear this time.

The cultivators finally relaxed.

They were excited, sharing their thoughts with each other.

"This was a real stroke of luck. I transcribed while memorizing, and I recorded a total of fifteen techniques. Most of them are Golden Core techniques, and a few are Nascent Soul techniques."

"I recorded quite a few as well."

"What's the use of recording so many? It only matters if we survive."

"That's not entirely true. With my abilities, if everything goes as expected, I'll probably stop at Foundation Establishment in this lifetime. Now, I have the rare opportunity to glimpse into the mysteries of Nascent Soul techniques. Even if I die tomorrow, I'll have no regrets!"

"Friend, you speak to my heart."

"Some people are just stubborn and won't listen to good advice. Hmph!"

...

Apart from the arguments, some cultivators began eyeing the belongings of those who had perished.

Unfortunately, after some investigation, they all wore disappointed expressions.

Li Fan even heard someone nearby sneering, "Don't bother. I checked that night. After being killed by Qin Tang, all the storage rings, magical items, and the like on their bodies disappeared, not a trace left."

Li Fan shook his head upon hearing this, preparing to go back and rest. But then, almost by accident, he saw a corpse.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 82: Trial of Courage


It was indeed the corpse of Jiao Xiuyuan.

After three months had passed, it gradually revealed something unusual.

Unlike normal flesh and blood, it looked more like withered wood, presenting a yellowish color.

Li Fan kicked it, and the sound was exactly like kicking on wood.

At this moment, a voice came from behind Li Fan.

"This is just a puppet, not the real body. It's Jiao Xiuyuan's usual method. Fellow Daoist, there's no need to be surprised," said the voice.

Li Fan turned around and saw that the speaker was also a Qi Condensation stage cultivator.

He immediately cupped his hands, "Thank you for the guidance. Is the fellow Daoist also a member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?"

The person nodded, "Yes, I am Chen An. I've been a member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for over thirty years."

"I'm Li Fan. From what the fellow Daoist said, it seems you are quite familiar with Jiao Xiuyuan?"

Chen An smiled, "Familiar is not the right word. But, you know some things after living here for so long."

"Take Jiao Xiuyuan, for example. He opened a grocery store called Thousand Mile Hall on the island, selling everything. It is said he has official connections with the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and occasionally he can sell some good stuff."

"In addition, he often does some intelligence business. However, this guy never takes risks himself; he always uses puppets to pave the way."

Li Fan nodded after hearing this, "Greedy for money and afraid of death, I see."

Chen An laughed heartily, "Fellow Daoist summarized it perfectly! 'Greedy for money and afraid of death' describes Jiao Xiuyuan very accurately!"

After the laughter, Chen An suddenly said, "When we were transcribing the techniques in the book pavilion before, I saw others transcribing for a while and then taking a break when tired. They would transcribe again after recharging. Only you, fellow Daoist, didn't rest for three months. I truly admire that!"

"But I wonder, fellow Daoist, what's the profound meaning behind your actions? If we only consider the speed of transcription, after all, when you stopped due to physical and mental exhaustion later on, you were certainly slower than those who took frequent breaks."

"I don't know if you can enlighten me on this," Chen An asked respectfully.

Li Fan contemplated for a moment before speaking, "I dare not claim a profound meaning; it's just a gut feeling."

"Regarding what Qin Tang said about the first trial being about 'focus,' to be focused means having undivided attention. Not being disturbed by any external factors can be called true focus. Is physical and mental fatigue also an external factor? If you stop because of it, doesn't that mean you're no longer 'focused'?"

"It's just a humble opinion; you can take it as you wish," Li Fan humbly said.

Chen An seemed lost in thought upon hearing this.

Li Fan didn't say anything further and returned to the room to rest.

The next day, Qin Tang did not appear again.

No one dared to run around, and they just patiently waited inside the building.

On the third day, early in the morning, Qin Tang appeared in front of everyone while staggering and drinking wine.

"Good wine, good wine!"

After burping, he squinted at the group of cultivators.

"Today, we start the second trial!"

"This time, I will test your courage!"

"On the path of immortality, there are countless hardships and challenges. Do you have the courage to face them all?"

Qin Tang smiled faintly.

The crowd felt a momentary dizziness and suddenly found themselves by the seashore.

Their own cultivation realm was sealed, and they became no different from an ordinary person.

However, Qin Tang was nowhere to be seen.

Only his voice came from afar.

"I'll wait for you on the other side of the sea. Use your courage to cross this vast ocean!"

Hearing this, everyone looked at each other.

Some brave individuals walked to the edge of the sea and took a step forward.

The sea instantly froze into ice and safely held the person.

The person was overjoyed and continued to walk forward, quickly disappearing from the sight of the others.

The remaining people, seeing someone take the lead, hurriedly walked into the sea.

Li Fan noticed Baili Chen doing the same and followed into the sea.

However, Sikong Yi remained by the shore, not moving.

Li Fan didn't pay further attention and focused on traversing the sea.

The water under his feet solidified into ice, but there was no trace of the others in his field of vision.

On the vast sea, he was left alone in an instant.

Li Fan remained composed, steadily moving forward step by step.

The sun rose and set above him, and he lost track of how much time had passed.

The scenery Li Fan saw remained unchanged.

It seemed like this vast sea had no end.

Even though Li Fan knew the solution in advance, various feelings of powerlessness and hesitation arose within him.

At this moment, Li Fan could feel the thickness of the ice beneath his feet gradually decreasing.

Taking a deep breath, he dispelled the doubts in his heart.

He continued resolutely moving forward.

The ice beneath his feet solidified again.

This second trial was testing "courage."

It was not only testing the courage to face external circumstances but also the courage to face one's own inner fears.

On the vast sea, after walking for a long time, he still hadn't seen the opposite shore.

Would doubts arise in your heart, wondering if you had lost your way? Would anxiety creep in, questioning whether this vast sea had an end? Would fear start to take over, robbing you of the courage to move forward?

Or would you give up and stop moving forward?

Li Fan walked step by step, questioning his own heart.

Even after hundreds of years of reincarnation, he had never experienced anything like this.

Temporarily putting aside all external matters, he contemplated while walking.

This journey across the ice was like the path of immortality.

The road ahead was boundless, and the endpoint was not visible.

Halfway through, looking around, he couldn't be certain if he had lost his direction.

From start to finish, he was alone, with nothing to rely on.

Time passed, and it seemed like he would walk like this forever.

Endlessly.

...

Even so, could you still firmly hold on to your faith and never lose the courage to move forward?

Even though you knew that this trial would eventually end.

But Li Fan had wavered in his heart as well.

Because this journey across the sea seemed to last forever.

A year, two years...

Decades passed.

Li Fan's hair turned gray, his body hunched over, and he still didn't stop his steps.

Until his body became too old and he could no longer walk.

He collapsed weakly on the surface of the sea.

His vision became blurry, and before losing consciousness, Li Fan seemed to see it.

On the coast not far ahead, Qin Tang, dressed in white, stood there in solitude.

He raised his wine gourd towards Li Fan and took a sip, smiling.

...

Opening his eyes, Li Fan found that he and the other cultivators were still in that building.

However, a long time had passed compared to the memories, and many people looked dazed.

After a long time, they regained their clarity.

"Crossing the Nine Nether River is easy, but crossing the sea within one's heart is difficult."

"The second trial of courage has ended."

"Two days from now, early in the morning, we will proceed to the final trial."

After saying this, Qin Tang, with his ever-present wine gourd, shook his head and left.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 83: Trial of Eternity


"Crossing the sea within one's heart is difficult."

Upon hearing Qin Tang's words, some of the cultivators present seemed lost in thought, as if they had grasped something. Others seemed indifferent, paying no attention.

And so, the second day quickly passed.

Early on the third day, Qin Tang, as usual, appeared before the eyes of everyone.

However, this time, he didn't drink. He appeared sober, much more spirited than before.

"Today is the final trial," Qin Tang assessed the cultivators present with a serious expression.

"On the path of cultivation, you will always encounter countless challenges and temptations. Will you be able to persevere and stay true to your initial intentions?"

"Let me wait and see."

In Qin Tang's words, everyone felt a sudden darkness before losing consciousness.

...

In a small village amidst the mountains and fields, Li Fan lay on the roof, watching the setting sun. He had a feeling that he had forgotten something.

Growing up in this mountain village, he led a simple and happy life, working with the sunrise and resting with the sunset every day.

It was a plain and fulfilling life. If he continued like this, it didn't seem bad at all.

But there was a vague restlessness in his heart, a feeling that he shouldn't end his life so ordinarily.

"Fan, Fan, where are you? Come home for dinner!"

Li Fan remained unmoved by his mother's call.

He looked up at the sky, at the birds soaring freely, at the sun and moon, ancient and steadfast, not subject to human will, lost in thought.

He spent the whole night like this until dawn was approaching. Suddenly, it seemed like he had a realization.

In a swift motion, he jumped down from the house.

He rushed into the house and loudly said to his still-sleeping mother, "Mother, cancel the marriage arrangement with the girl next door."

"I'm not getting married. I want to cultivate immortality!"

His mother was alarmed by the abrupt statement, thinking her child had gone mad, and hurriedly got up to hold Li Fan's hand. "What immortal are you talking about? There's no such thing as immortality! Wake up, my child!"

Li Fan pulled away from his mother's grip, his youthful face full of determination. "I don't know where the immortals are, but I will definitely find them."

With that said, he, in the midst of his mother's tears, packed his belongings and strode out of the door.

Six months later, while exploring in the mountains, Li Fan tragically fell into a tiger's mouth and lost his life.

...

In front of the dilapidated Taoist temple, amidst the flickering fire and the cries of the people, Li Fan felt lost.

"Senior Brother, Master is dead. What should we do after we leave Ascending Clouds Sect?" A timid voice asked by his side.

Li Fan was about to speak when he heard angry voices from all around.

"What else can we do? Of course, everyone should divide the things in the temple and leave the mountain!"

"We thought there was a real immortal on the mountain, that's why everyone endured hardships to come up. Who would have thought this old Taoist was an out-and-out fraud!"

"Yeah, can a real immortal suddenly fall ill and die like this?"

As everyone got more and more agitated, Li Fan didn't know how to explain, so he let them plunder and empty the Ascending Clouds Sect.

After a while, only Li Fan remained alone on the mountain.

He collected his master's ashes and buried them. Li Fan thought about the look in his master's eyes before he passed away.

Unwillingness, regret, sorrow, hope...

Was his master a fraud?

Was the "Ascending to the Clouds" scripture he imparted just a fabrication?

Li Fan felt that perhaps it wasn't what everyone thought.

Perhaps, immortals truly existed.

In the end, Li Fan still didn't leave the mountain.

He spent the latter half of his life alone in the Taoist temple, watching the clouds change and the days pass.

He spent his days comprehending the "Ascending to the Clouds" scripture.

He was over fifty years old, but he couldn't make any progress.

He passed away with regrets.

...

In the imperial palace.

Li Fan looked at the wooden plaques on the golden plate in front of him, filled with names, and a trace of impatience appeared in his eyes.

"Take them away. Tonight, I still want to cultivate."

"Your Majesty, you haven't visited the palace concubines in three months..."

"Hmm?" A flash of fierceness passed through Li Fan's eyes.

"...I will comply with Your Majesty's orders."

Watching the eunuch supervisor leave in fear, Li Fan snorted.

"The position of emperor is truly tedious." A thought suddenly surfaced in his mind.

His purpose was to scour the resources of the entire country for his cultivation.

Externally, he still appeared to be an ordinary human, but in reality, he had already stepped into the realm of Golden Core.

Worldly matters were so boring!

With this in mind, three months later, during the morning court, Li Fan vanished into thin air in front of the civil and military officials.

For the next 216 years, while exploring an ancient subworld mansion, Li Fan unfortunately fell victim to an assassination plot.

He died, vanishing from the world of cultivation.

.....

At the Lingyun Sect.

"Why is this tribulation cloud taking so long to condense and descend?"

"The might of this heavenly tribulation seems stronger than when the Sect Master ascended back then, right?"

"Of course, in terms of strength alone, Junior Martial Brother can be considered the strongest in our sect in a thousand years!"

Li Fan looked at the increasing might of the tribulation cloud above the Lingyun Peak and felt a surge of confidence.

After three hundred years of cultivation, what fear did he have of a mere heavenly tribulation?

A beam of sword light shot up into the sky from the Lingyun Peak.

Splitting the sky, it cut through the tribulation clouds!

Sunlight poured down through the rift in the tribulation clouds, illuminating the Lingyun Peak.

Flowers fell from the sky, and the gates to the immortal realm opened.

Li Fan flew into the immortal gates without a moment's hesitation.

In the immortal realm, Li Fan was infuriated to discover that all the senior martial brothers who had ascended two thousand years ago had been mysteriously killed by an unknown enemy.

While practicing and searching for the culprit, he was suddenly ambushed by a close friend during an exploration of an ancient cultivation secret realm and died in a state of shock and unwillingness.

...

In the Northern Immortal Region.

Since the unification of the Qingtian Immortal Region by Emperor Fantian two thousand years ago, a bloody conquest had begun.

In these years, with the heads of five immortal emperors and sixteen immortal kings, Emperor Fantian had gained an infamous reputation.

In the end, only the Northern Immortal Region was barely holding on in the entire immortal realm.

Now, the army was pressing in, vowing to overthrow the Northern Immortal Region within a year.

In the center of the army, Qin Tang looked at the Fantian Emperor who was resting with closed eyes, hesitating whether to speak or not.

Li Fan opened his eyes and looked at Qin Tang, his trusted confidant who had come a long way with him, and rarely showed a faint smile.

"Qin Tang, it seems like you have something to ask me?"

"I won't hide it, Your Majesty. There is indeed something I don't understand."

"Feel free to ask."

"Since Your Majesty started as a mere mortal and experienced countless hardships, eventually achieving the position of a Heavenly Emperor, your power is overwhelming. All the immortals in the immortal realm tremble at your name. But why does Your Majesty never seem to stop? What is it that you relentlessly pursue?"

"After annihilating the Zhaotian Emperor and completely unifying the immortal realm, what plans does Your Majesty have?"

Qin Tang stared at Li Fan, expressing the doubts in his heart.

"Hehe." Li Fan chuckled lightly.

"What I seek is simply the phrase 'eternal life,'" he said calmly.

Qin Tang was dumbfounded, seemingly unable to believe his ears.

"Eternal life? With Your Majesty's current cultivation, can't it already be considered eternal life? If there are no accidents, even if Your Majesty lives for millions of years, it shouldn't be difficult, right?" he asked in astonishment, finding it hard to understand.

"A hundred thousand years of life, can it be called eternal life?" Li Fan smiled and counter-questioned.

"In the burial mound, hundreds of ancient immortal emperors have long turned into dry bones in their graves."

"Even the ancient immortals rumored to have created the immortal realm and possessing supreme power are now nothing more than ashes beneath the mountains, suppressed under my palace."

"Now, I intend to unify the immortal realm, gather the power of all the immortals, and create a grand formation covering the entire immortal realm. Through this, I will break free from the supposed ancient restriction on immortality."

"I want to step above the immortals and advance even further." Li Fan's tone was casual, but resolute, leaving no room for dissent.

Qin Tang fell silent.

Because he knew that there was nothing beyond the immortal realm.

So all he could do was lower his head in silence.

Everything proceeded according to Li Fan's plan.

In just one year, Li Fan unified the entire immortal realm.

After this, he used extremely brutal methods to suppress all opposing opinions. He collected resources from all over the immortal realm and successfully created the grand formation to break the shackles of the immortal realm.

As the formation was activated, the entire immortal realm trembled.

Countless cracks appeared in the sky, and it seemed like everything in the world was shattering.

Li Fan laughed heartily and rushed into the cracks.

What awaited him was only endless darkness.

...

Thus, the Trial of Eternity had come to an end.

Because Qin Tang knew there was no need to continue the test.

In this trial, an anomaly appeared.

Even if he constructed an infinite world, it seemed he couldn't wear down this person's unwavering determination.

If the master was here, witnessing such a prodigy, he would probably be very pleased.

But it's a pity...

A tinge of sorrow flashed in Qin Tang's eyes.

Letting out a long sigh, everyone gradually awoke from the illusion.

However, they were still in the same square as at the very beginning.

Some were dazed, some woke up and turned pale, and some seemed to have a moment of realization.

...

Qin Tang looked at the various cultivators with different reactions and smiled, saying, "The three trials have come to an end."

"Among you, some have exceeded my expectations, and some are just not up to par."

"The Sect Master once said to me that in Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, quality matters more than quantity."

He looked at the people, his expression gentle. "Therefore, among you, I'll let half stay."

The cultivators who were originally happy upon hearing Qin Tang's words suddenly changed their expressions upon learning that he intended to kill half of those present.

"What do you mean?"

They knew well how they performed in the three trials.

Now, upon hearing that Qin Tang wanted to kill half of them, they were shocked and angry.

With no way out, they launched an attack against Qin Tang.

Qin Tang remained unruffled.

He just smiled calmly, saying, "Qin Tang, Chief of the Teaching Hall at Cloud Water Heavenly Palace."

"I invite you all to advise me."

With Qin Tang's words, blue figures suddenly appeared around half of the cultivators.

They were like mirror images of the targets, identical in appearance, aura, and even strength.

As soon as they appeared, they launched relentless attacks on their targets.

"The Sect Master is stern. But the master once told me not to be ruthless in our actions. If you can survive from your own mirror image, I won't trouble you further."

Seeing the struggling cultivators, Qin Tang spoke slowly.

The other half of the cultivators who weren't attacked, including Li Fan, chose to move away from the battlefield to avoid being affected.

Li Fan retreated to a safe place and observed the situation in the field.

The blue mirror images were extremely fierce in their attacks, tireless and immune to harm.

Ordinary cultivators were no match for them. In no time, many cultivators met their end under their own mirror images.

As more cultivators died, those left struggling wouldn't last much longer.

Cornered, they began to curse Qin Tang.

"Snap out of it! Why are you still accepting disciples? Cloud Water Heavenly Palace has been destroyed for countless years!"

"What nonsense master and senior brother! Under the great calamity, they're all going to kill each other!"

...

"Kill each other?" Qin Tang shook his head repeatedly at these words.

"In Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, we are united. We respect and love each other. Even if we must sacrifice ourselves for our fellow disciples, there wouldn't be much hesitation."

"How could we possibly kill each other?"

As Qin Tang spoke, his voice suddenly lowered.

"The great calamity, the great calamity..."

He frowned, as if recalling something.

"The great calamity..."

He repeated in a low voice continuously, and the sky over the square suddenly darkened.

The blue phantom figures attacking the group of cultivators also underwent a transformation.

Thick darkness continuously surged from within the phantoms. In an instant, the phantoms turned into a terrifying ink-black color.

The ink-black mirror images were much more ferocious than the previous blue phantoms. In the blink of an eye, most of the struggling cultivators were killed.

Only a few remained, barely hanging on.

Qin Tang, however, hadn't recovered from his trance. He was still murmuring.

The ground in the square began to shake violently, and the sky was pressed down by heavy clouds.

Lightning and thunder incessantly roared.

The cultivators who hadn't been attacked by the mirror images and were watching from the sidelines suddenly felt something amiss.

But facing Qin Tang, who was already entranced, no one dared to act rashly.

For a moment, everyone didn't know what to do.

At this moment, Li Fan slowly walked to Qin Tang's side.

He carried a wine gourd and patted Qin Tang's shoulder, offering it to him.

With a faint smile, Li Fan said to Qin Tang, "Senior Qin, have a drink."

"Don't worry, there's really no great calamity at all."

Qin Tang turned around, sniffed the air, and instinctively took the wine gourd and drank from it.

Then, he looked at Li Fan with some confusion. "No great calamity?"

Li Fan nodded confidently and repeated, "Exactly, there is no great calamity."

Qin Tang's eyes gradually brightened, repeating murmurs of "no great calamity, no great calamity, no great calamity..."

"Hahaha, you're right! There's really no great calamity!"

After a long time, Qin Tang burst into laughter and finally returned to normal.

The anomaly in the square also disappeared, and everything returned to normalcy.

Seeing this, everyone breathed a sigh of relief and expressed grateful looks towards Li Fan.

However, Li Fan suddenly had a thought.

He sensed that there were two faint killing intents locked onto him.

Although these killing intents were extremely weak, Li Fan was very sensitive to them and wouldn't make a mistake.

And the owners of these two killing intents were none other than Sikong Yi and Baili Chen!

Li Fan pretended not to notice and secretly locked onto the two through the formless killing intent.

But he didn't take action.

The brief episode quickly passed, and the battle between the cultivators and the blue mirror images came to an end.

In the end, only two fortunate cultivators survived.

Qin Tang looked at the surviving cultivators with a gentle expression. "The trial is over, you may go."

The cultivators were puzzled and were about to speak, but they saw each other's figures gradually fading and disappearing from the square.

Soon, only Li Fan was left in the square.

Qin Tang looked at Li Fan, a complex expression flickering in his eyes.

"Why aren't you leaving?" Qin Tang asked.

Li Fan smiled calmly. "Senior brother, you owe me a good bottle of wine."

Seemingly surprised by Li Fan's response, Qin Tang was momentarily taken aback, and then burst into laughter.

"Exactly, I owe you a good bottle of wine!"

His expression suddenly changed, and he looked at Li Fan seriously.

Extending his right hand, he lightly tapped Li Fan's forehead with his index finger.

"This 'Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art' is a technique I created, painstakingly integrating all my lifelong learning. I hope you won't let it go to waste!"

After a while, Qin Tang retracted his finger.

Li Fan's figure also slowly disappeared.

In front of him was a towering gate with four characters engraved on it: "Cloud Water Heavenly Palace."

Below the gate stood a broken statue.

The statue was in a terrible state, covered in wounds.

It appeared to have been pierced through the heart, revealing a huge hollow.

Through the blurry face of the statue, Qin Tang's appearance could still be vaguely seen.

Li Fan silently watched the statue for a moment, then took out a wine gourd from his storage ring.

He placed it gently in front of the statue.

Then, activating the Stalking Shadow Technique, he swiftly headed towards the direction where the formless killing intent had locked onto.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 84: Demon Refining Gu Daoist


The remains of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace were incredibly vast. Even in his previous life, after over a decade of continuous exploration by cultivators from the Cong Yun Sea, the complete layout had not been fully revealed.

Not to mention the current situation, where the entire Cloud Water Heavenly Palace was shrouded in dense mist.

The cultivators who awakened from the stone statue of Qin Tang soon split into several different factions.

Some felt that the interior of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace was extremely perilous. To survive under Qin Tang's subordinates was already a great stroke of luck. If they continued to explore, they would undoubtedly face certain death.

On the other hand, some believed that with just a stone statue at the entrance of this palace, they had already gained such an opportunity. What kind of great fortune might await inside the rumored alchemy rooms, teaching halls, and treasure vaults?

Once greed arose, it rapidly expanded in their hearts and could no longer be suppressed.

Thus, these people, as if possessed, disappeared one after another into the mist.

So, when Li Fan caught up from behind, he found that he had lost the trace of all the cultivators. If it weren't for the fact that the killing intent had already locked onto Sikong Yi and the others in advance, he would likely have lost them.

However, strangely, Sikong Yi and Baili Chen seemed to be very familiar with the layout of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

They could always find a way through the seemingly impassable mist. Their objectives were clear, constantly bypassing buildings shrouded in mist, moving deeper inside.

Was this the reason why Sikong Yi managed to obtain the "Cloud Water Map" in the previous life? After all, Li Fan had knowledge of the simulated experiences from his previous life, so he could understand the various secrets within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

But how did Sikong Yi know all this?

Li Fan's interest was suddenly piqued.

At the same time, he became increasingly vigilant. These two individuals obviously had significant secrets!

He concealed his presence even more, closely trailing behind them.

Suddenly, the actions of the two came to a halt.

They stopped in their tracks, and Sikong Yi and Bai Lichen separated, each heading in an opposite direction.

"Splitting up? Have they discovered me?" Li Fan squinted, hesitated for a moment, and then followed the direction in which Sikong Yi had left.

Entering deeper into the mist, he arrived at a tower-like structure.

Sikong Yi suddenly stopped at the base of the tower, turned back toward the direction where Li Fan was, and showed a provocative smile.

Then he promptly entered the tower.

"Quite interesting. Are you trying to kill me using the peril of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace?" Li Fan looked at the eerie tower in front of him, shrouded in white mist, and the memories from his previous life involuntarily surged in his mind.

The Demon Refining Tower, one of the most dangerous areas in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

In the first ten years of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace's opening, no cultivator had ever returned alive from the Demon Refining Tower. It was once regarded as a forbidden zone within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace by cultivators from the Cong Yun Sea.

In the previous life, it was finally cracked only after anchoring it for 21 years. A master alchemist risked his life to enter and eventually deciphered its bizarre rules.

"If this is your plan, I'm afraid I'll disappoint you," Li Fan sneered and also entered the Demon Refining Tower.

Upon entering, he felt gusts of cold wind, accompanied by a foul and putrid smell that assaulted him.

The bottom of the tower consisted of prison cells.

However, it seemed that much time had passed, and the prison cells were now filled only with peculiar and monstrous skeletal remains.

Li Fan continued upwards, and the second floor was similar.

He reached the top of the tower.

In the distance, he could hear a murmuring voice.

"All the senior brothers and sisters are fighting at the front line, and I can't help much."

"I must refine more pills so that I can enhance their strength as much as possible."

"For every extra pill I refine, the possibility of senior brothers and sisters surviving increases."

"But the monsters and demons inside this Demon Refining Tower are all dead, and without the alchemy materials, what should I do?"

A disheveled man wearing a loose blue robe was lamenting and seemed at a loss.

Beside him, suspended in mid-air, were three figures bound by invisible ropes.

One of them was Sikong Yi.

The other two were cultivators who had entered the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace together this time, but for some reason had ended up here.

These two had pale faces, and their lips were moving, but no sound came out.

Li Fan hadn't made any moves yet, and he suddenly felt as if his hands and feet were bound by ropes, unable to move.

He was then drawn into the air and fixed in place, just like the other three.

Having anticipated this encounter, Li Fan remained unfazed.

It was at this moment that he clearly heard the self-talk of the man.

"Oh my, it's time to refine the pills!" At this moment, the man in the blue robe suddenly woke up from his murmuring.

"Refining pills, refining pills..." The man reached into his loose, wide robe and moved around. In no time, he took out two black pills.

"The pills are ready, just don't know how effective they'll be this time." The man scratched his head, seemingly troubled.

Then, he slapped his thigh, "Right, I just captured a few bugs. It's perfect to use them for the experiment!"

Saying this, he looked towards Li Fan and the others, who were suspended in the air, his gaze constantly shifting, "Which bug should I choose?"

Seeing that the man had fixed his gaze on them, a strange chill ran through them.

They all became still, not daring to move, and held their breath, maintaining silence.

"Let's choose this one," said the man in the blue robe after looking at them for a while, and he reached out to grab one.

Seeing this, the person couldn't maintain their calm anymore.

But their struggles were obviously in vain, and they could no longer make any sound.

Their bodies flew towards the man in the blue robe, gradually shrinking in the process.

In the end, they truly turned into a small flying insect and fell into the man's palm.

The head of the flying insect still faintly resembled a human face, with an expression of extreme fear.

Gently pinched by the man in the blue robe, the human-faced insect emitted a buzzing sound from its trembling wings.

However, it was all in vain. The man in the blue robe held the insect in one hand and a black pill in the other.

The pill was many times larger than the flying insect, yet it was forcibly stuffed inside the insect.

The human-faced insect struggled in pain, forcefully swallowing the pill.

Its belly swelled many times over, becoming a giant round ball.

The insect's breath gradually weakened, but the suffering had only just begun.

After the pill entered its belly, it seemed to be digested, and its size began to decrease.

However, a buzzing sound, like a swarm of mosquitoes, suddenly resounded.

The body of the human-faced insect began to convulse uncontrollably.

Tiny black dots emerged one after another from its abdomen.

Looking closely, these black dots were newly born insects.

After emerging from the body, the insects didn't fly around randomly but stopped on the human-faced insect and greedily began to gnaw.

Soon, the human-faced insect was devoured completely.

The man in the blue robe shook his head, looking regretful.

"It seems the test failed. The potency of the medicine was probably too strong."

Saying this, he opened his mouth and sucked the black mist of the insect into his stomach.

Even though Li Fan had heard about the events in the Demon Refining Tower beforehand and was mentally prepared, he still couldn't help but feel a jolt in his eyelids.

The scene was too horrifying.

The man in the blue robe looked at the remaining black pill in his hand, seemingly a bit distressed.

"Should I try this pill again?"

He glanced at Li Fan and the others.

All three of them held their breath, immobilized.

After a while, the man in the blue robe sighed, "Forget it, it should be close enough, considering it was refined in a furnace."

With that, the man opened his mouth and casually threw the black pill inside his mouth.

After swallowing the pill, the man in the blue robe remained unaffected.

However, he became even more deranged.

He started muttering again, ignoring the three people bound in the air and talking about not having enough alchemy materials.

Among the three survivors, Li Fan remained silent.

Sikong Yi showed no expression.

The remaining person was already in a state of collapse.

"I should have died in Qin Tang's hands earlier. At least I could have died quickly."

Time in the Demon Refining Tower seemed to lose its meaning.

The lives of everyone depended entirely on the actions of the man in the blue robe.

After an unknown amount of time, the man regained consciousness from his deranged state.

Once again, he pulled out two pills from under his wide robe, but this time they were eerie green.

"Which insect should I choose for the experiment?"

The man hesitated this time, but his gaze landed on Sikong Yi.

"Let's choose this one!"

Li Fan suddenly became alert. He wanted to see what Sikong Yi was relying on to dare lead him into this perilous place.

To Li Fan's surprise, Sikong Yi didn't put up any resistance.

After being forced to transform into an insect and swallow the green pill, Sikong Yi turned into a puddle of green water immediately.

Sikong Yi was dead!

"What's going on? Was there an unexpected change? Could it be that, in this life, because of my tracking, the development of events is different from the previous life?"

"No, Sikong Yi clearly enticed me into this Demon Refining Tower. How could he die so easily?"

"Did he bring me into this death trap just to exchange life for a life?"

While Li Fan was immersed in endless doubts, he suddenly sensed something and looked up.

Outside the Demon Refining Tower, Bai Lichen, who was targeted by the formless killing intent, was slowly approaching.

Beside him, Li Fan felt that the previously lost lock-ons of the formless killing intent had once again captured the target: Sikong Yi.

Sikong Yi, who was supposed to be dead, had reappeared outside the Demon Refining Tower.

"A puppet? An external incarnation? It doesn't feel like either."

Li Fan stared at the puddle of green water on the ground, unable to help but laugh.

"It seems that the secrets these two hold are even bigger than I imagined."

"However, once I lock onto them, these secrets will no longer be secrets."

In Li Fan's senses, Sikong Yi and Baili Chen continued to advance towards the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

"There's the lock-on with the formless killing intent; I'm not afraid they'll escape. I just need to extricate myself from this Demon Refining Tower as soon as possible."

However, the actions of the man in the blue robe followed their own patterns, and Li Fan couldn't control them. All he could do was wait patiently.

Soon, the third round of drug testing arrived.

This time, Li Fan still wasn't chosen. This left him somewhat bemused, not knowing whether it was lucky or unlucky.

The man in the blue robe took out two pink pills and fed them to the human-faced insect.

With a bang, the insect exploded into pink smoke.

In the smoke, painful faces kept appearing.

As the pink mist drifted, the faces contorted and twisted, appearing even more grotesque and terrifying.

Li Fan, witnessing this scene, couldn't help but shiver with goosebumps.

In the end, it was the man in the blue robe who, muttering to himself, inhaled the smoke, finally ending this eternal agony.

The man in the blue robe fell into mumbling again.

The fourth round of drug testing finally arrived.

At this point, only Li Fan remained inside the Demon Refining Tower.

The man in the blue robe was about to pick Li Fan for the test, but Li Fan suddenly spoke up.

"Junior Brother, I heard you don't have enough alchemy materials."

The Gu Daoist [1], upon hearing this, instinctively stopped his reaching hand and nodded, somewhat guilty. "Yes, I don't have enough alchemy materials. I haven't been able to produce new pills for a long time."

He said with a hint of remorse, "I can't make good pills, and my progress in cultivation has been slow. I've been a burden to everyone."

The Gu Daoist's words faltered, and he looked at Li Fan for a while, realizing what he was wearing. He became a bit flustered. "Oh, it's Senior Brother! I thought it was just another insect!"

"Senior Brother, I'm really sorry! I'll release you right away."

With the Gu Daoist's words, Li Fan felt the restraints loosen, regaining control of his body.

The Gu Daoist held his head, lowering it as if unable to face this senior brother.

He said in self-blame, "I messed up again. Every time it's like this. I can't make good pills, and my cultivation progress has been slow. I've been a burden to everyone."

Li Fan approached and held the Gu Daoist's shoulder, saying gently, "Don't say that, Junior Brother. The pills you make have great effects, and everyone likes them."

Upon hearing this, the Gu Daoist suddenly lifted his head, eyes filled with joy. "Really, Senior Brother? Everyone likes the pills I make?"

"Why, don't you believe your senior brother?" Li Fan put on a stern face.

The Gu Daoist hurriedly shook his head. "I believe everything Senior Brother says."

Then he dejectedly said, "But I don't have any more alchemy materials. I can't make the pills everyone likes."

Li Fan patted the Gu Daoist's head and said softly, "It's okay, I'm still here."

"Turn me into a pill, and everyone will have pills to eat again."

"Senior Brother, you..." The Gu Daoist seemed shocked by Li Fan's words, staring at him wide-eyed.

Li Fan sighed deeply and continued, "Although I joined the sect early, my talent isn't enough, and my cultivation has always been low. Senior brothers and senior sisters are fighting on the front lines, and I can't help much."

"Every time I think about this, my heart aches, hating my own incompetence."

"So, turn me into a pill. That way, I can still help a little."

Li Fan grabbed the Gu Daoist's hand, excitedly saying.

The Gu Daoist stared at Li Fan, seemingly deeply moved.

"So, Senior Brother is just like me."

"But Senior Brother is much greater than me. He'd rather sacrifice himself to help the senior brothers and sisters on the front lines."

"And me, I just keep avoiding my problems. Hiding in this tower."

The Gu Daoist twisted his hair in distress.

"No, I can't just watch Senior Brother sacrifice himself."

He seemed to suddenly realize something, and excitedly said to Li Fan, "Senior Brother, I can refine pills for you! As long as you eat the pills I refine, your strength will definitely not be low, and you can help on the front lines!"

The Gu Daoist seemed to have found a goal to strive for. "Pill refining, I want to refine pills!"

He reached into his wide robe and started fumbling.

Not long after, he took out two golden pills.

"Senior Brother, here are the pills for you."

The Gu Daoist held them in his hands, his face beaming with a smile, offering the pills to Li Fan.

Li Fan didn't accept the pills but instead untied the Gu Daoist's robe.

Under the wide robe, only an empty skeleton remained.

On the skeleton, there were only a few traces of barely visible flesh and blood.

The Gu Daoist used his own flesh and blood to refine pills.

*****

TL Note: Gu = Chinese poisonous insect refining

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 85: All Things are Like Insects


Watching this horrifying scene before him, Li Fan was moved.

This is indeed an anomaly!

Caught between life and death, between clarity and confusion, bound by obsessions, one can only follow established rules and repeat the eternal cycle.

Unable to break free.

Qin Tang was like this, and so was this Gu Daoist.

Seeing that Li Fan didn't respond, the Gu Daoist held up two golden pills and waved them in front of him. "Senior Brother, pills."

He looked at Li Fan with hope.

However, Li Fan shook his head regretfully. "My aptitude is too poor. Even if I eat this pill, my cultivation won't increase much. So, I definitely can't take this pill. I'll leave it for the senior brothers with better aptitude; it'll be more useful for them."

The Gu Daoist was a bit disappointed and was about to persuade him.

Li Fan continued, "However, I would like to ask Junior Brother for a favor. I don't know if Junior Brother is willing to agree."

The Gu Daoist became happy again. "Of course, I agree. Senior Brother, what's your request, just tell me."

"I want to learn from Junior Brother the method of capturing insects," Li Fan said slowly.

Anomalies have their own rules.

If you don't follow the rules of the anomaly, you will surely die under the anomaly.

But if you understand the rules, you can not only stay unharmed in the anomaly but also gain various benefits from it.

Like the previous statue in the Qin Tang's trial.

In Qin Tang's trial, if you performed well in all three tests, you could ask Qin Tang for help before leaving, using good wine.

Qin Tang would then help based on the specific performance in the tests, either by enhancing one's cultivation or by imparting a technique.

In the case of this Gu Daoist, if you chose to swallow the golden pills, you could obtain the Gu Daoist's alchemy technique.

However...

This alchemy technique is not a normal alchemy practice. It's the way of insect pills.

Not only are the materials for alchemy mostly from various bizarre flying insects, but the resulting pills also resemble flying insects.

What's more deadly is that the more insect pills you refine, the more you will gradually become like the Gu Daoist.

Becoming an inhuman, ghostly existence.

So Li Fan did not choose the golden pills as a reward but chose something else, which was completely comparable to the way of insect pills.

When the Gu Daoist heard Li Fan's words, he touched the back of his head somewhat embarrassedly. "Senior Brother, my Insect Binding Technique is just something I play with usually. Why do you want to learn this..."

Li Fan explained seriously, "Our senior brothers are fighting on the front lines, and annoying insects may harass them. Although my strength is weak and I can't personally fight, if I learn your art of capturing insects, I can help the senior brothers by dealing with these annoying insects from the sidelines."

Upon hearing this, the Gu Daoist suddenly realized, "I didn't expect the Insect Binding Technique to have such a use. Senior Brother, you're really clever!"

Li Fan sincerely said, "Thank you, Junior Brother, for teaching me."

The Gu Daoist was excited and blushed, "Okay, Senior Brother, I will teach you how to catch insects."

With a buzzing sound, the Gu Daoist revealed four pairs of transparent wings.

He reached behind him and tore off one.

The wing, still with wet with bloodstains, was handed to Li Fan.

Li Fan gently touched it, and the transparent wing turned into a burst of radiance, absorbed into his body.

At the same time, countless intersecting threads seemed to appear in the world before Li Fan's eyes.

He felt as if he could manipulate these threads at will, weaving them into a giant net that captured all creatures in his field of vision.

"This is it, the Insect Binding Technique."

The illusion of the threads in front of him gradually disappeared, but Li Fan knew that he had obtained this extremely powerful technique.

As long as the opponent's realm was lower than his own, once he activated the Insect Binding Technique, he could instantly restrain the opponent.

A cultivator bound by the Insect Binding Technique couldn't be cast any of their supernatural techniques or abilities.

They could only be like insects in a web, at the mercy of others.

At first glance, this Insect Binding Technique seemed to only be effective against cultivators lower in realm than oneself, making it seemingly not very useful.

But that's not the case.

You see, the realm does not necessarily represent actual combat power.

When exploring outside, which cultivator doesn't have a few tricks up their sleeves?

Under an unexpected outburst, even if the opponent's cultivation is higher, they wouldn't dare to guarantee they could retreat unharmed.

However, with this Insect Binding Technique, there was no such concern.

As long as the opponent's realm was lower, they could ignore any miraculous trump cards and directly capture the opponent.

It's most suitable for dealing with those whose realm is low but seem to have many secrets...

The figures of Sikong Yi and Baili Chen flashed in Li Fan's mind.

Having gained this technique, Li Fan didn't want to delay any longer.

"Junior Brother, I have learned the Insect Binding Technique. I will now go to the front lines to find our senior brothers. Take care!" Li Fan said.

The Gu Daoist was somewhat reluctant. "Senior Brother, you must be careful. Make sure to come back safely!"

And with Li Fan's departure, that worried expression slowly faded.

After an unknown amount of time, in the quiet Demon Refining Tower, the Gu Daoist's muttering once again echoed.

"...without alchemy materials, what should I do..."

...

Exiting the Demon Refining Tower, Li Fan sensed the location of Sikong Yi and Baili Chen.

They were very close to the central core area of Cloud Water Heavenly Palace: the Taiyi Hall.

Information about the Taiyi Hall instantly appeared in Li Fan's mind.

The Taiyi Hall is said to be the place where Cloud Water Heavenly Palace receives distinguished guests and holds sect discussions.

There was no particular risk, but the situation was quite unique.

Looking at Sikong Yi and Baili Chen, it seemed that they had stopped for some reason, moving slowly toward the central area.

Li Fan instantly had a clear idea.

He sneered and hurried towards the direction where the two were.

In front of the Taiyi Hall, countless broken swords were inserted into the ground.

The sword blades crisscrossed, forming a forest of swords blocking the way to the Taiyi Hall.

Sikong Yi and Baili Chen were standing on the sword handles, walking towards the Taiyi Hall.

With each step forward, a virtual shadow corresponding to the broken sword under their feet would appear above them.

Then it pierced through their hearts.

No blood spattered. After piercing, the virtual shadow would disappear.

It wouldn't cause actual harm, and would only bring pain.

The intense pain made them tremble uncontrollably, and sweat poured down their foreheads like raindrops.

After a long time, they finally eased from this indescribable pain.

The two took a deep breath and continued to step on the sword handles, moving forward.

Another sword shadow pierced through.

This was the reason why the speed of their progress was so slow.

Although it was extremely painful, there was no retreat in their eyes.

What they had worked so hard for was right in front of them, within reach.

How could they possibly give up now?

With firm determination, they gritted their teeth and continued to move forward.

At this moment, they sensed someone approaching from behind.

Looking back, they were shocked and couldn't help but exclaim, "It's you?! How is this possible?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 86: The Revelation of the Cloud Water Map


Two voices sounded simultaneously, echoing in front of the Taiyi Hall.

"Impossible! How could you possibly come out alive from that cursed place?" The two exclaimed in unison, their faces full of disbelief.

In front of the forest of swords, Li Fan stood with his hands crossed, looking at the pale-faced Sikong Yi and Baili Chen, sneering without a word.

He just stepped onto the sword hilts, like he was about to chase after them.

The phantom sword pierced through, and an excruciating pain followed.

Li Fan almost couldn't control his body and nearly fell down.

Falling from the sword hilt wouldn't lead to death, but it would just teleport him back to the outer periphery of the sword forest, starting anew.

Of course, if someone couldn't accept it and tried to fly over the top of the sword forest...

Then they would truly experience what it felt like to have a thousand swords pierce through their hearts.

This was the trial in front of the Taiyi Hall, the trial of the sword forest.

As opposed to the other parts of the Cloud Water Celestial Palace, as long as you didn't act recklessly, there was no fatal danger here.

At most, it was experiencing the feeling of being pierced through the heart by sword after sword.

In the previous life, many cultivators endured the intense pain and passed through the sword forest, entering the interior of the Taiyi Hall.

However...

The hall was empty, completely devoid of anything!

"Could it be that the treasures in the Taiyi Hall were taken by Sikong Yi in the first place?"

"The opportunity in this Taiyi Hall is the 'Cloud Water Map'?"

Although Li Fan could use the Insect Binding Technique to capture these two now, he couldn't guarantee that he would be able to force them to reveal how they obtained the "Cloud Water Map."

Li Fan knew there were methods of soul searching in the ancient cultivation world that forcibly read a cultivator's memories.

Unfortunately, Li Fan didn't know how to perform them yet.

So, to be on the safe side, he had to wait for these two to take out the "Cloud Water Map."

Li Fan contemplated, and the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit emerged in his mind.

His body temperature gradually dropped, and Li Fan felt himself becoming extremely calm and rational.

Nothing could disturb his state of mind.

Stepping forward, he stood on the sword hilt.

Although he could still feel the pain, Li Fan wasn't afraid.

He took several steps forward in a row. To avoid scaring Sikong Yi and Baili Chen too much, he stopped and pretended to rest.

Sikong Yi and Baili Chen, seeing that Li Fan was still alive, were greatly shocked.

At this moment, seeing Li Fan getting closer and closer, they couldn't help but become anxious.

At that moment, they became ruthless, clenched their teeth, and took a few violent steps towards the front.

Four sharp swords were added to their body at the same time, and the pain brought about was not as simple as simply adding up the pain of each sword.

The agony multiplied several times, making it almost difficult for the duo to maintain the stability of their figures.

Fortunately, they were able to stabilize themselves by supporting each other for a moment before they were about to fall.

Seeing this, Li Fan also took three steps forward, and then he looked like he was having trouble maintaining his stance again.

In this way, Li Fan always maintained a distance from the duo, pulling down the other's guard.

But yet, he was threatening to catch up, giving them a sense of oppression.

As if they were prey being chased by hounds, Sikong Yi and Baili Dust, step by step, were getting closer and closer to the Taiyi Hall.

Eventually, they walked to the end of the sword forest.

Jumping down from the hilt of the sword, the two of them fell to the ground as if they were deflated.

However, with Li Fan pressing step by step behind them, getting closer and closer, they could not afford to rest.

In a hurry, Baili Chen took out a blue token from his chest and shouted loudly in the direction of the Taiyi Hall.

"I am Baili Chen, the 165th generation direct disciple of the Cloud Water Celestial Palace, and I request an audience with Patriarch Taiyi!"

Baili Chen's voice echoed continuously.

Li Fan abruptly stopped the steps he was about to take and stared ahead.

The majestic Taiyi Hall seemed to come alive at this moment, slowly rising into the air amidst constant tremors.

The ground beneath their feet started to shake.

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

Four thick legs like pillars emerged from below the Taiyi Hall and stomped forcefully on the ground.

A hideous monster head appeared before Li Fan like a demon descending on the world.

The broken swords in the sword forest kept trembling.

"Roar!"

Accompanied by a strange roar, a giant turtle finally fully manifested.

The Taiyi Hall was carried on the back of the giant turtle.

And as the giant turtle continued to howl, inside the Taiyi Hall, two giant black snakes crawled out.

One moved forward, entwining itself around the head.

The other moved backward, opening a huge bloody mouth, acting as the turtle's tail.

If the massive creature of this turtle-snake combination was visually impressive enough, then the scenes on this creature's body were making Li Fan feel physically uncomfortable.

Every inch of the monster's body was stabbed with broken swords.

It was incredibly bloody, and one couldn't make out how many swords were actually stuck in the creature's body.

At first glance, this monster seemed to be composed entirely of swords.

And the small sword forest in front of the Taiyi Hall seemed like an extremely insignificant part of it.

"Cloud Water Celestial Palace's Patriarch Taiyi? So many years have passed, and he's still alive? Or has he become something anomalous like Qin Tang and the Gu Daoist?" Li Fan couldn't be sure.

In the previous life, there was no rumor at all about this Patriarch Taiyi.

Li Fan didn't dare to act recklessly for a moment and just observed from a distance.

Baili Chen was extremely excited to see the true appearance of the patriarch.

He knelt down and kept kowtowing.

"Your name is Baili Chen? Are you a direct disciple of my Cloud Water Celestial Palace?"

An old voice rang out.

The turtle-snake monster slightly lowered its head, as if wanting to see Baili Chen's appearance clearly.

"Reporting to Patriarch Taiyi, disciple is from the Whisking Cloud lineage," Baili Chen replied with a trembling voice.

"Whisking Cloud, huh..." The old voice seemed to be lost in memories.

"Yes, you indeed carry the Whisking Cloud lineage's aura."

"So, that kid still has descendants alive?" The turtle-snake monster vaguely felt that something was wrong.

But he was already too old.

So old that even simple thoughts became a problem.

The pain from the countless broken swords on his body was like a malicious curse, constantly affecting his thinking.

After a moment of fruitless contemplation, he slowly spoke, "So, why did you wake me up?"

Baili Chen seemed to breathe a sigh of relief, suppressing his excited expression, and quickly said, "Disciple wishes to ask Patriarch for the 'Cloud Water Map.'"

"The 'Cloud Water Map'? What is that? Let me think..."

After a moment.

"Oh. So, it's this, not something significant."

The turtle-snake monster's tone carried a hint of nostalgia. "Back then, Hanhai mentioned that this thing can only be given to the Cloud Water Celestial Palace disciples."

"Since you're a descendant of Whisking Cloud..."

Saying this, the turtle-snake monster hesitated for a moment.

Then he slowly said, "In that case, I suppose it's fine to give it to you."

Baili Chen's face revealed an ecstatic look, and he couldn't stop kowtowing. "Thank you, Patriarch! Thank you, Patriarch!"

Just as the turtle-snake monster was about to hand over the 'Cloud Water Map' to Baili Chen, a voice suddenly rang out.

"Hold on!"

Baili Chen and the turtle-snake monster looked towards the direction of the voice.

They saw Li Fan swiftly approaching, stepping through the sword hilts.

Swords continuously passed through his body, but the pain seemed to have no effect on him.

Li Fan took three steps and glided through the sword forest, then descended gracefully.

Sighing in relief, Li Fan cupped his hands towards the turtle-snake monster. "Disciple Li Fan, also a direct disciple of the Cloud Water Celestial Palace. I also wish to ask Patriarch for the 'Cloud Water Map!'"

As he spoke, he began to activate the "Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 87: Treasure Obtained


Seeing the treasure within reach but obstructed by unexpected complications infuriated Baili Chen.

He looked at Li Fan and couldn't help but shout angrily, "Where did this imposter come from! The disciples of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace have long been exterminated..."

Mid-sentence, Baili Chen realized the inappropriateness of his words and stopped abruptly.

"Divine Ancestor, this person definitely cannot be an authentic disciple!" he gritted his teeth and said to the turtle-snake creature.

However, the turtle-snake creature paid no attention to his words, carefully discerning the aura operating within Li Fan.

"Hmm... Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art. It's unexpected that Junior Qin also has a successor."

"Good, good."

Seeming highly excited, the massive form of the turtle-snake creature trembled slightly, and its ferocious visage relaxed a bit.

"Indeed, my cultivation technique is the direct transmission from Senior Brother Qin. Naturally, I can be considered a disciple of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace," Li Fan nodded and said with an unchanged expression.

They hadn't expected that what Li Fan said was actually true, causing Baili Chen's expression to darken instantly.

Both he and Sikong Yi stared fixedly at Li Fan, their eyes brimming with murderous intent.

Feeling the rapidly swelling killing intent emanating from them, Li Fan merely smiled slightly in response.

"Hmm, you are both direct disciples, and this young man is also a direct disciple. You both want this 'Cloud Water Map'..."

"It's truly a headache..."

The turtle-snake creature seemed a bit confused, its gaze shifting back and forth between Li Fan and Baili Chen.

After a while, its slow-thinking mind finally came up with a solution.

"Since that's the case, according to the rules of the sect, why don't you two compete against each other?"

"Whoever wins, I will give this 'Cloud Water Map' to them."

The turtle-snake creature seemed quite satisfied with its own solution.

It shook its body and moved its stiff body.

Several broken swords fell from its body, drifting towards the edge of the sword forest below in a very unusual trajectory, increasing the size of the sword forest.

"Cloud Water Heavenly Palace disciples should respect and love each other. The two of you, be careful not to go too far during your sparring."

The turtle-snake creature cautioned in its old, hoarse voice.

Then, numerous broken swords flew out from its body.

They fell into the ground around Li Fan and Sikong Yi, leaving only a blank area in the middle, forming a natural arena.

"Hmm. You may begin!"

The turtle-snake creature said in a muffled voice.

Li Fan chuckled, "Divine Ancestor, rest assured, I will definitely spare Baili Chen's life."

Baili Chen remained silent, his murderous intent reaching its peak.

Above his head, twenty-one constantly rotating blue water swords suddenly appeared.

Forming a sword formation, they whizzed towards Li Fan.

But Li Fan simply extended his right hand and lightly grabbed towards Baili Chen.

Everything became still.

Even if there were a thousand other means, they could no longer be executed at this moment.

As if caught in an invisible giant net, Baili Chen was firmly trapped, suspended in mid-air, unable to move.

The twenty-four water swords also dissipated midway in their flight.

Patriarch Taiyi, who had been asleep for thousands of years, was now enthusiastically commentating.

However, his thought process seemed rusty, making his commentary always a beat slow.

Baili Chen had already been subdued by Li Fan before his voice slowly came out.

"Hmm, not bad. It's the Sea Fixing Sword Technique! It's already practiced twenty one swords, it's close to the grand completion..."

"Surprising... this is the binding technique of that little insect child? I never thought it would be passed on to an outsider..."

Through the commentary of the turtle-snake creature, Baili Chen and Sikong Yi had expressions of unimaginable horror.

They naturally understood what technique had so effortlessly restrained Baili Chen.

It was exactly the same as the method the strange cultivator used in the Demon Refining Tower.

To escape from that peculiar cultivator was one thing, but to learn his supernatural abilities?

How was that achieved?

Could it be that this person was truly a disciple of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace?

Otherwise, none of this could be explained!

However, the disciples of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace had clearly died out in the Great Calamity thousands of years ago!

Who was he, really?

Endless doubts and fears surged within Baili Chen and Sikong Yi.

No, this person was too mysterious. If they fell into his hands...

Looking at Li Fan's "friendly" face, the two couldn't help but shiver.

Escape!

So, under the gaze of the turtle-snake creature and Li Fan, a strange scene unfolded.

Baili Chen, who was bound by the insect, suddenly transformed and in the blink of an eye became Sikong Yi.

Meanwhile, Sikong Yi, who was watching from the side, now appeared as Baili Chen!

It wasn't just an exchange of appearance.

Their auras, cultivation bases, and even the lock-on from Li Fan through the 'Formless Killing Intent' all exchanged in an instant.

Li Fan's expression changed, but he heard Baili Chen shout, "My skills are inferior to you, I admit defeat! I'll let Senior Brother have the 'Cloud Water Map'! Please, Divine Ancestor Taiyi, escort me out of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace!"

"Hmm... what is this..."

The turtle-snake creature was curious about the scene unfolding before its eyes, but was interrupted by Baili Chen's shout.

"You want to leave here?"

"Yes, leaving is good. Leaving is good..."

In the turtle-snake creature's lament, a blue light shrouded Baili Chen.

His figure twisted for a moment, and he glared hatefully at Li Fan, then disappeared without a trace.

As for Sikong Yi, who was bound by Li Fan, he instantly lost vitality.

Under Li Fan's gaze, he slowly turned into ashes.

Just like what happened in the Demon Refining Tower a while ago.

In Li Fan's senses, outside the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, Sikong Yi once again appeared next to Baili Chen.

The two were doing their utmost to escape from this place.

"Humph, you want to escape? Not so easy!"

Under the lock-on of the Formless Killing Intent, unless they were too far away, no matter what they did, they couldn't escape from Li Fan's grasp.

Not in a hurry to chase them, Li Fan instead inquired the turtle-snake creature before him.

"Divine Ancestor Taiyi, I wonder which technique Baili Chen cultivated? To transform between different living beings is indeed quite amazing."

"Hmm... it looks somewhat familiar, seems like I heard of it somewhere."

After a while, he lamented, "I'm getting old, my memory isn't so good. I can't recall."

"Well, while I still remember, I'll give you the 'Cloud Water Map'."

The black snake entwined around Patriarch Taiyi's head opened its mouth.

A miniaturized version of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, emitting colorful light, slowly flew to Li Fan.

Li Fan held it in his hand, sensing the information appearing in his mind, he couldn't help but be somewhat astonished.

Just this?

Is this really worth a hundred thousand contribution points?

This 'Cloud Water Map' was indeed what it seemed like, just a miniature model of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Every detail was faithfully reproduced, including all the sizes and structures within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Moreover, within it preserved a trace of spiritual consciousness left behind by the disciples of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace from that era.

Fixed in a special way, they became miniaturized figures, moving about in this miniature Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 88: Executing Sikong Yi


Li Fan's divine sense wandered through this colorful model, making it feel as if he were personally touring the ancient Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

But...

Apart from this, it seemed like the "Cloud Water Map" had no other special purpose.

"This 'Cloud Water Map,' perhaps it would be more fitting to call it the 'Cloud Water Model.'"

"Or perhaps, does it hide some other secrets inside? Otherwise, why would someone offer a reward of one hundred thousand contribution points?"

Li Fan suddenly had many doubts.

However, this wasn't the time to delve deeply into them.

He stored the colorful model in his storage ring and then politely bowed to the turtle-snake creature. "Divine Ancestor Taiyi, please escort me out of here. I still have to find my Junior Brother Baili Chen."After a moment, Taiyi's aged voice sounded, "Yes, leaving is good. Leaving is good..."

It was the same reaction as when he sent Baili Chen away earlier.

A blue light enveloped Li Fan, and then his figure disappeared.

In front of Taiyi's palace, silence reigned once again for a long time.

After some unknown duration, a strange noise shattered the tranquility.

"Zzz..."

"Zzz..."

"Zzz..."

It was like the sound of a sword constantly grinding against a whetstone, and also like a giant serpent shedding its old skin.

Each time this sound occurred, countless sword shadows appeared from the void and impaled the turtle-snake creature.

"Boom!"

The Taiyi Hall suddenly sank, and the turtle-snake creature's limbs were forcibly retracted.

The two black serpents on its head and tail let out painful howls as they writhed and returned to the Taiyi Hall.

"Pain..."

"Pain..."

Taiyi's aged and mad voice thundered across the entire Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Buildings shrouded in white mist seemed to respond with various horrifying sounds, continuously echoing.

The virtual sword shadows intensified like a torrential rain.

"Roar!"

Finally, the figure of the turtle-snake creature vanished.

Only an empty Taiyi Hall remained, along with the increasingly vast sword forest, silently witnessing Taiyi's eternal suffering.

In the Cong Yun Sea.

Li Fan's vision blurred, and he felt like he had returned to the azure ocean.

However, he had already left the central area of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace ruins.

Sensing the positions of Sikong Yi and Baili Chen, Li Fan activated the Stalking Shadow Technique, following closely behind them.

At the same time, the previously dormant Formless Killing Intent was suddenly activated.

Sikong Yi and Baili Chen immediately encountered resistance, causing their speed to greatly decrease.

Meanwhile, Li Fan's speed continued to increase.

The distance grew closer and closer, and in no time, their figures became faintly visible.

"What exactly are you? I've already given you the 'Cloud Water Map,' so why are you still hounding us?" Sikong Yi's angry voice sounded.

Li Fan didn't reply, only accelerating his speed.

"You're truly pushing it!" Seeing the situation, Sikong Yi actually gave up on running and turned to confront Li Fan.

Golden sword qi appeared one after another around him, winding like a dragon.

With a point from Sikong Yi, under the activation of the sword qi, they surged towards Li Fan like a multitude of flying dragons.

As for Baili Chen, he had somehow used a secret technique, and his speed suddenly increased several times, attempting to flee towards a distant island.

"Are you trying to use the same trick as before? Are you planning to use the island's teleportation array to return to Ten Thousand Immortals Island?"

"Not a bad idea."

"It's a pity I was prepared for this."

Li Fan watched them closely, his eyes shining with an inexplicable light.

Ever since he had learned that Sikong Yi and Baili Chen often acted together from Jiao Xiuyuan, Li Fan had specifically purchased some targeted magical tools in the Heavenly Profound Realm to better deal with them.

For example...

A shield surrounded by flames appeared in front of him, blocking all of Sikong Yi's golden sword qi.

Redflame Shield, 350 contribution points.

It had a natural restraining effect on Sikong Yi's golden attribute sword qi.

Li Fan also took a black chain from his storage ring.

One end of the chain was aimed at Sikong Yi, while the other end targeted Baili Chen.

With a gentle toss, the black chain rapidly extended, reaching out like a bolt of lightning, binding Sikong Yi and Baili Chen together.

The chain suddenly tightened. Baili Chen, who was frantically trying to escape, was abruptly yanked back towards Sikong Yi.

Soul-Locking Chain.

Li Fan had spent 958 contribution points to have a Foundation Establishment artificer from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance specially create it.

Once the two were connected by the chain, they couldn't move too far apart from each other.

Finally, watching the two captives chained together, Li Fan took out a set of formations.

The Blue Wood Purple Fire Formation.

A total of 1500 contribution points.

It was incredibly powerful. Once activated, it could reduce the average Qi Condensation stage cultivator to ashes within moments.

Li Fan remained expressionless and activated the formation, enveloping Sikong Yi and Baili Chen.

From the moment Li Fan blocked Sikong Yi's golden sword qi to when he trapped the two with the formation, it had all occurred in the blink of an eye.

The two never had a chance to react; they had become sitting ducks and could no longer escape.

"Who exactly are you?!" Sikong Yi saw that each of Li Fan's moves was highly targeted, making it clear that he had been planning this all along.

Now he couldn't help but be baffled.

Li Fan didn't reply. Instead, he used his Insect Binding Technique to control Baili Chen.

Ignoring Sikong Yi's curses, Li Fan activated the formation, burning Sikong Yi.

"Ahh!"

Amidst the cries of agony, Sikong Yi turned into ashes.

However...

There was no peculiar phenomenon in the sky above.

Following this, just as Li Fan had anticipated, the scene unfolded.

A faint phantom slowly appeared beside Baili Chen. After the phantom wriggled for a while, it gradually took on a solid form.

Sikong Yi had been resurrected!

Li Fan squinted his eyes and once again activated the formation.

The wails continued.

Sikong Yi died once more.

After this resurrection, his cultivation fell from the late Qi Condensation stage to the mid Qi Condensation stage.

Li Fan seemed to understand something.

Purple flames leaped, and Sikong Yi faced another round of death.

Sikong Yi went from cursing to begging for mercy, and then to tearfully pleading in agony.

But Li Fan was unmoved.

Sikong Yi was enigmatic and had extraordinary means of self-preservation. Stealing the "Cloud Water Map," worth one hundred thousand contribution points, from him had already made him a mortal enemy.

Even if Li Fan couldn't force his secrets out of him, there was no way he would let him go.

The Blue Wood Purple Fire Formation was activated repeatedly.

Soon, Sikong Yi's cultivation had dropped to the early Qi Condensation stage.

Desperation showed on his face.

He collapsed, begging Li Fan to spare him.

In order to save his own life, he chose to reveal his secrets to Li Fan.

Li Fan listened silently, his expression still.

Finally, purple flames shimmered.

After dying three times in a row, Sikong Yi could no longer resurrect.

As for Baili Chen, after Sikong Yi's final death, he turned into dust and completely disappeared from this world.

At the place where Sikong Yi vanished, a black token hovered silently in the air.

Li Fan picked up the token, and a piece of information immediately appeared in his mind.

"The bearer of this token shall rule the Sun Stealing Sect."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 89: The Sun Stealing Sect


The fall of a Qi Condensation stage cultivator, compared to a Foundation Establishment stage cultivator, was much less spectacular. There were no magnificent displays of the Foundational Treasure, only two streaks of crimson clouds that suddenly appeared in the sky.

"Qi Condensation stage cultivator, Sikong Yi, cultivated for thirty-five years, slain by Qi Condensation stage cultivator Li Fan in the Cong Yun Sea region..."

"Qi Condensation stage cultivator Baili Chen, cultivated for three years, slain by Qi Condensation stage cultivator Li Fan in the Cong Yun Sea region..."

"Now they have perished, returning to the heavens!"

Under the fiery clouds, Li Fan stood quietly, fiddling with the Sun Stealing Token in his hand.

After a long while, he suppressed the greed rising within him.

"A remarkable treasure, but... it's not for me."

The Sun Stealing Token was the supreme treasure of the Sun Stealing Sect.

The Sun Stealing Sect was a secretive sect that had existed since ancient times. Unlike other sects that founded schools and accepted many disciples, the Sun Stealing Sect had no fixed base and often had only one disciple per generation.

As a result, when the Great Calamity befell the world, other sects experienced a bloodbath, but it had little impact on the Sun Stealing Sect.

The reason the Sun Stealing Sect survived for thousands of years with only one disciple in each generation, maintaining their heritage, was largely due to their unique cultivation technique.

Sun Stealing Technique: This technique allowed the creation of a special clone using one's blood and some specific materials. Unlike regular clone techniques, this clone possessed its unique appearance, aura, soul, cultivation level, and realm, as well as its own luck and fate.

This clone could be treated as a completely separate person.

Furthermore, when creating a clone, if bones from deceased cultivators or the blood of a living one were added, it could strip away some of the target's innate talents, luck, and more, grafting them onto the clone.

However, this alone did not demonstrate the full power of the Sun Stealing Sect.

The Sun Stealing Technique, when combined with the Sun Stealing Token in Li Fan's hand, was the complete form.

This Sun Stealing Token had been forged by Sikong Yue, the 38th generation disciple of the Sun Stealing Sect, thousands of years ago.

She had witnessed the Great Calamity, where countless cultivators slaughtered each other like ants. Frightened, she deeply desired to find a perfect method of self-preservation.

After more than a hundred years of painstaking research and exploration, she finally created this Sun Stealing Token.

Its uses were endless. It had an extensive storage space. After a sacrifice ceremony, the token could freely transfer between the master and the clone, ignoring spatial limitations.

Most importantly, using the Sun Stealing Technique, she transferred the life essence of her clone and even her true self onto this token.

As long as the token remained intact, even if the master and the clone were killed, they could reconstruct a new body by consuming the blood stored in the token, effectively "resurrecting."

In simple terms, after the completion of the cultivation technique, what was seen by outsiders, whether it was the master or the clone, was just an empty shell.

The Sun Stealing Token was the true essence.

After being modified by Sikong Yue in an unconventional way, the technique had become somewhat unorthodox, but it was effective.

Over thousands of years, with the help of this bizarre technique, Sun Stealing Sect disciples had always managed to escape any perilous situation.

Thus, the Sun Stealing Sect had survived for thousands of years without being extinguished, until Sikong Yi encountered an extraordinary anomaly like Li Fan who was capable of warping time and space.

The Sun Stealing Technique was far from perfect and had some fatal drawbacks.

For instance, there needed to be a certain distance between the primary body and the clone. The farther the clone was from the primary body, the more its power diminished. If the distance exceeded the limit, the clone's cultivation would drop to the minimum, typically at the early Qi Condensation stage.

Another example was that due to their life essence being connected to the token, when a Sun Stealing Sect disciple died, a portion of their lingering soul would be bound within the token, unable to escape. These lingering souls often preserved some crucial memories from their previous lives.

In times of crisis, these memories could be unleashed against enemies by the token's master.

Li Fan's divine sense entered the Sun Stealing Token, and although the storage space was vast, it was empty except for Sikong Yi and another indistinct soul drifting within.

His divine sense transformed into a giant hand, seizing these two lingering souls and delving into their remaining memories.

After a long time, Li Fan finally understood why the millennia-old Sun Stealing Sect had fallen into such a desperate state.

The origins of the situation stemmed from Sikong Yi's master, Sikong Bo.

Over the centuries, the Sun Stealing Sect had traversed numerous dangerous situations without harm, which had made them increasingly arrogant. However, Sikong Bo had taken this audacity to an extreme.

On a distant continent, when Sikong Bo, who had broken through to the Foundation Establishment stage, was dissatisfied with a clone he had previously refined, he decided to gather materials for a new one.

During this time, he encountered a child of five or six in a remote mountain village.

This child had a natural affinity for cultivation. Not only was their strength boundless, but their cultivation speed was astonishing. At such a young age, they had perfected Qi Condensation and were ready to advance to the Foundation Establishment stage.

This piqued Sikong Bo's interest. After discreetly observing the child for a while, he realized that the child's luck was extraordinary. Every time the child ventured into the deep mountains to hunt, they returned with various rare treasures from the earth and heavens.

If he could strip away the child's luck, the clone he would create would undoubtedly be remarkable.

Therefore, Sikong Bo attempted to steal the child's essence during the night when the child was asleep.

However, this child had long been selected by a Nascent Soul stage powerhouse who was approaching the end of their lifespan. This senior had been searching for a host for their next incarnation.

Ordinarily, the process of taking over another's body would somewhat damage the target's foundation. But the Nascent Soul stage cultivator, who had given up on advancing further, didn't want to jeopardize their chances for further progress by allowing this to happen.

So, they chose an extreme method: turning themselves into a Heavenly Treasure, waiting for the child to reach the Foundation Establishment stage, and then perfectly merging with them.

Yes, according to Sikong Bo's residual memories, humans could be refined into Heavenly Treasures. Or rather, a significant portion of the many Heavenly Treasures appearing in the world were transformed from fallen cultivators.

After a cultivator's death, their Dao underwent a transformation over countless years in the natural world. Based on their characteristics, temperament, and the nature of the techniques they had practiced in life, they would gradually form various Heavenly Treasures that would reappear in the world.

In life, they could not practice the same techniques as others, and after death, they still had a role to play. This was the world's way of showing its regard for cultivators.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 90: Everything Has a Cause


Li Fan had seen quite a few Heavenly Treasures in the past.

Besides the Cong Yun Sea's Canghai Pearl, there was Kou Hong's Gnarled Dragon Branch and Dao Xuanzi's Rust Sword Dao Xuan. Now, it seemed that these were mostly formed by the deceased cultivators of the past.

The Gnarled Dragon Branch focused on absorbing and devouring; Rust Sword Dao Xuan had a will that was unbending and could decelerate rusting.

From them, one could vaguely see the shadow of the cultivators.

Suddenly learning the secrets of Heavenly Treasures, Li Fan was somewhat shocked. But considering the grand scenes he had witnessed during the incineration of the sea, he quickly calmed down.

In Li Fan's eyes, the conflict between the heavens and the cultivators had clearly escalated to an extreme.

In the intensifying conflict, any bizarre occurrences were possible.

Li Fan then continued to examine the memories of Sikong Bo.

The Nascent Soul expert had already turned himself into a Foundation Treasure and possessed the child as his host.

He mostly remained in slumber and only awakened when guiding the child in cultivation or when the child faced life-threatening situations.

Thus, he didn't detect Sikong Bo's secret observation or malicious intentions.

Only until that night when Sikong Bo tried to steal the child's essence blood did he wake up.

The Nascent Soul expert immediately flew into a rage. The child was his hope to reach Soul Transformation or even Dao Integration, and he would not tolerate anyone coveting the child.

He revealed his true form on the spot, turning into a green willow tree, intending to kill Sikong Bo.

One was a Nascent Soul cultivator transformed into a Heavenly Treasure, suffering a significant decrease in strength. The other, while only at the Foundation Establishment stage, possessed various methods due to a millennia-old esoteric sect inheritance.

For a time, the two fought neck and neck.

They used all their means, engaged in a true battle, and neither was willing to retreat.

After a prolonged fight, both of them suffered heavy injuries and began to consider withdrawal.

At this moment, the child suddenly appeared.

With a cold expression, he looked at the two with indifference, utterly different from the innocent child from a few days earlier.

He had already reached the limits of the Qi Condensation stage. As long as there was a Heavenly Treasure, he could step into the Foundation Establishment stage at any time.

The green willow sensed that something was wrong and wanted to escape, but it was too late. During his slumber, the child had secretly placed various restrictions on him.

Now, these restrictions suddenly activated, and the green willow was instantly absorbed into the child.

Seeing this scene, Sikong Bo was utterly horrified and fled without any regard for anything.

The child, despite just entering the Foundation Establishment stage, displayed a martial master's demeanor. His every move struck the vital points of Sikong Bo.

Moreover, it seemed that he knew a lot about Sikong Bo's background.

Every time Sikong Bo tried to escape and separate from his split body, the child would immediately destroy it.

Both of them chased each other until Sikong Bo's split body was completely destroyed. The main body was severely injured and cornered.

In desperation, he chose to release all the remaining souls of his sect elders contained in the Sun Stealing Token to withstand for a moment.

Those souls did indeed cause some interference for the child. Sikong Bo managed to get far away.

However, he soon saw a purple thunderbolt descending from the sky, annihilating all the souls.

Sikong Bo was utterly terrified and didn't look back, running madly.

He continued to flee until he reached this remote Cong Yun Sea area, where he finally stopped.

However, his injuries were too severe, and his time was running out.

Before his death, Sikong Bo found Sikong Yi and took him as his disciple.

After hurriedly handing over the Sun Stealing Technique and the token to him, he perished.

As for Sikong Yi's memories, compared to his master's thrilling adventures, they were much simpler.

He received the Sun Stealing Sect's inheritance, but his benevolent master left almost nothing to him before his death.

Cultivating as an unaffiliated cultivator was indeed tough. Even gathering the materials to create a clone was difficult. So, he explored on his own until he reached the Qi Condensation stage, and he made the decisive choice to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

After breaking through to the middle stage of Qi Condensation, he began to collect materials and crafted his own clone.

In a fortunate coincidence, he found a corpse while exploring the seabed. Sikong Yi had a vague sense that this corpse was extraordinary, possibly belonging to a powerful cultivator in their previous life. Thus, he used this corpse as material to create his own clone, who was known as Baili Chen.

When the clone was successfully crafted, fuzzy images appeared in his mind. It turned out that this corpse had once been a disciple of the ancient Cloud Water Heavenly Palace. When the Great Calamity arrived, he was seriously injured and fled from the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace but couldn't last long and eventually lost his life at sea. Thousands of years later, Sikong Yi turned him into a clone.

Through this clone, Sikong Yi not only obtained a cultivation technique called the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique" but also learned some secrets about the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace from the past. Unfortunately, they were just fragments, and he couldn't gain a complete understanding. Besides, the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace had long been hidden by a grand formation and was not visible to the world. Sikong Yi wanted to explore it, but it was impossible.

Later, he found that the highly rewarded "Cloud Water Map" was located within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace. He was overjoyed, knowing that his opportunity had come. He kept a close eye on the changes in the central area of the Cong Yun Sea, waiting for the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace to open.

However, he didn't expect to encounter Li Fan.

Sikong Yi didn't even know until his death that he had been killed. How had his killer noticed him? He had learned from his master's lesson and acted very cautiously.

Feeling the strong unwillingness in Sikong Yi's remaining soul, Li Fan maintained his calm expression. He summoned the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit and completely obliterated the two remaining souls.

"If it weren't for me, Sikong Yi would probably have successfully obtained the 'Cloud Water Map,' exchanged it for one hundred thousand contribution points, and then used the long-distance teleportation array to leave the Cong Yun Sea before anyone else could react."

"No, something is wrong." Thinking back to what had happened in his previous life, Li Fan shook his head inwardly.

"In my previous life, many people saw Sikong Yi leaving alone through the teleportation array. However, no one noticed Baili Chen..."

"Perhaps, this should be Sikong Yi's mirroring of a golden cicada shedding its shell. In the end, he probably never left the Cong Yun Sea."

"There's no need to deceive the Tianxuan Mirror. Just disappearing from the sight of those who covet the one hundred thousand contribution points will be enough..."

"A good method. Perhaps I can do it this time. After all, the temptation of one hundred thousand contribution points is simply too great."

Li Fan put away the Sun Stealing Token and flew towards a nearby island.

He wanted to pay a visit to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island. This trip to the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace had yielded an immense harvest, even a bit overwhelming. He needed to spend some time digesting it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 91: Creating a Clone


After returning to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island via the teleportation array, Li Fan found out that the news about the reappearance of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace in the mortal world had already spread.

"Quick Look! Mysterious Sect Revives After Thousands of Years," "Gentle Senior Brother Attempts Misdeeds at Night...," "Top-Secret Information, Only 10 Contribution Points, No Deception."

At first, it was the information sold by Jiao Xiuyuan, related only to the first trial of the Qin Hall. However, since it was first-hand information, it still fetched a high price of 30 contribution points per copy.

Jiao Xiuyuan made a considerable profit from this.

However, as survivors returned from the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, information about this mysterious sect's remnants gradually became richer, and the prices fell accordingly.

Of course, the information available on the market was currently limited to the information about the Qin Tang statue and several other anomalies around it.

There was still a lack of information about the deeper areas of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, such as the Demon Refining Tower and the Taiyi Hall.

Li Fan shook his head and returned to the Tianxuan Mirror to assess his gains from this journey.

The "Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art" taught by Qin Tang, the "Insect Binding Technique" from the Gu Daoist, and the "Cloud Water Map."

There was also the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique" and the "Sun Stealing Technique" received from Sikong Yi, as well as the "Sun Stealing Token."

Li Fan had already cultivated the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra," the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique," and the "Stalking Shadow Technique."

With his multiple techniques, he needed to make choices about which technique to specialize in.

The Insect Binding Technique was an innate technique, so it didn't require cultivation.

The "Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art" had endless uses. It was incredibly valuable for Li Fan's future plans, so he had to cultivate it.

The "Sun Stealing Technique" could be cultivated, but...

Li Fan's divine sense swept across the Sun Stealing Token inside his storage ring.

The method for creating a clone might be worth a try.

As for the technique that Sikong Yue had developed later, which transformed one's essence into the Sun Stealing Token, it didn't need to be cultivated. In Li Fan's eyes, this self-preservation method was far from perfect. As long as he could trap the main body and the clone, followed by continuous extermination, the so-called resurrection was just a joke.

In this world, for self-preservation, what could be stronger than his [Truth]?

Why chase after trivial gains and ignore the big picture?

Moreover...

As he looked at the somewhat eerie, lifelike token, Li Fan had a faint premonition.

"Sun Stealing. Who replaces whom? It's hard to say."

"There's no need to risk it. Let's put it aside for now, and verify it at a later date."

"'Sea Fixing Sword Technique' can be cultivated all the way to the Golden Core Realm. When perfected, you can condense 108

Sea Fixing Swords in your dantian."

"It's a first-class martial technique for killing, with considerable power, but there's no need to hurry with cultivation."

"Now, it's been 12 years. In my previous life, the Crimson Flame's burning of the sea took place in the 31st year. At that time, I was still hesitant about whether to participate in this major event. Now, with this opportunity, if I use my clone with the 'Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art,' even if my main body escapes to a distant continent, I can still stir up some commotion in the Cong Yun Sea."

In an instant, Li Fan's mind was flooded with various schemes. After a long time, he decided to put them aside for now.

He took out a small, colorful model from his storage ring and examined it carefully.

"If I hadn't acquired this item directly from Patriarch Taiyi himself, I'm afraid I wouldn't believe that this is the legendary 'Cloud Water Map.' After studying it, I still can't see any mysteries," Li Fan couldn't help but exclaim.

"Perhaps there really is a secret hidden inside this. But if I can't crack it, it's just like trash sitting in my hands. It's more appropriate to exchange it for 100,000 contribution points."

"But if I submit it right now, it will attract too much attention. I should create a clone first."

Li Fan checked his current contribution points.

Previously, to deal with Sikong Yi, he had nearly spent all of his contribution points.

He was left with just over 500 points.

Thankfully, the materials needed for creating a clone were mostly not too expensive.

Superior Bones, Heavenly Spirit Milk, Shattered Bone Essence...

Li Fan purchased these materials one by one.

Finally, when he had only 135 points left, Li Fan bought all the other materials except for the last one, Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand.

As for the Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand, Sikong Yi's memories indicated that it could be collected in some places within the Cong Yun Sea.

Afterward, Li Fan activated the auxiliary cultivation mode and began cultivating the "Sun Stealing Technique."

The "Sun Stealing Technique" was somewhat similar to the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" that Li Fan primarily cultivated.

The "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" involved cultivating Qi, while the "Sun Stealing Technique" focused on stealing destiny.

Both Qi and destiny were profound and challenging to sense, yet they existed as truths.

With the boost from the Enlightenment Mode, Li Fan spent three days to cultivate it to the middle Qi Condensation stage.

However, his contribution points were now down to a meager 35 points.

In any case, the "Sun Stealing Technique" allowed him to create a clone at the middle Qi Condensation stage, so he decided to halt his cultivation.

Bringing the materials with him, Li Fan left the Ten Thousand Immortals Island through the teleportation array and arrived in the western Cong Yun Sea, specifically on Lingyun Island.

The location where the Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand could be found wasn't far from Lingyun Island.

He greeted the guardian of Lingyun Island, activated a Concealing Form Talisman, and flew toward the location.

After several days, he stopped in an area of the sea filled with whirlpools of various sizes and then dove beneath the sea.

The seawater here was relatively shallow, only about three to four hundred meters deep, and he soon reached the seabed.

The seabed was littered with collapsed architectural remnants, indicating that it was the site of some ancient ruins. The scale of the ruins was quite large, and it was still possible to imagine its former prosperity. However, it had sunk to the bottom of the sea for some unknown reason.

Such ruins were scattered throughout the Cong Yun Sea, and Li Fan didn't find them unusual.

After all, when Li Fan had just arrived in the Cong Yun Sea, he had heard about the great windstorm disaster that had struck and caused hundreds of islands to sink.

Arriving next to an oblique stone column, Li Fan slipped through the gaps in the stone.

Inside, it appeared as though a pitch-black cave, with hundreds of luminescent jellyfish drifting about.

They looked like moving stars.

The cave's floor was covered with a layer of shimmering sand.

In the center of the cave, a giant rock had been hollowed out, serving as the jellyfish's habitat.

The glowing sand on the floor was naturally the Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand.

Li Fan collected the Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand from the ground and then gazed at the giant rock in the center, marveling at the wonder of creation.

This place was also discovered by Sikong Yi by chance.

The central boulder was originally an ordinary Heavenly Spirit Ore.

But after being consumed and digested by these unknown jellyfish, it had transformed into a precious material, the Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand.

It was truly incredible.

To put it in perspective, even a Foundation Establishment alchemist would have to spend quite a bit of time to refine Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 92: Li Fan and Fan Lin


After obtaining the Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand, Li Fan left the cave and returned to the sea surface. With all the necessary materials collected, he was now ready to start creating his clone. However, this was something he couldn't do under the watchful eyes of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Li Fan thought for a moment and continued flying westward. On a deserted island in that direction, there was a subworld that Sikong Yi had once opened. He had concealed it using the techniques of the Sun Stealing Sect, making it difficult for ordinary cultivators to detect. This was where Sikong Yi had created his own clone.

So, Li Fan decided to head for that subworld.

After flying for another two days, he was nearing the deserted island. However, he faintly sensed that someone was present on the island. He immediately became alert, concealed his presence, and stealthily approached.

"Strange, it should be on this island."

A somewhat familiar voice echoed from a distance.

Li Fan focused his vision and saw a figure that looked furtive. It was none other than Jiao Xiuyuan. He was scratching his head with his left hand while holding a square-shaped object in his right hand.

The object resembled a compass, but it had more intricate patterns and symbols on it. A red light emitted from it and spread into the surroundings, soon returning with a "beep" sound.

"It's impossible; I should be in the right place. But why isn't this Spirit Discernment Disk working?"

Jiao Xiuyuan seemed puzzled.

"What are you looking for..." Just then, Li Fan's voice abruptly sounded.

Jiao Xiuyuan was startled, and the Spirit Discernment Plate almost slipped from his hand.

"Is that you, Senior Sikong?" He turned around and looked at the figure that had suddenly appeared, concealed by a Concealing Form Talisman, making it impossible to discern his appearance. He asked tentatively.

"Did you send someone to secretly follow us before to sneak into my subworld while I was away?" Li Fan asked coldly, his tone unfriendly.

Jiao Xiuyuan chuckled, "Misunderstanding, it's all a misunderstanding."

His eyes darted around, and he quickly asked, "I wonder where Senior Baili is?"

Li Fan didn't reply. Instead, he took out the Blue Wood Purple Fire Formation and enveloped Jiao Xiuyuan.

The purple flames flashed, and amid Jiao Xiuyuan's miserable screams, he turned into ash.

The air carried a scent akin to charred wood.

"As expected, just a puppet."

Li Fan wasn't surprised. He looked at the deserted island below and activated the Sun Stealing Technique.

He faintly sensed the existence of a hidden subworld in the island's jungle.

He flew toward it and stopped in front of a seemingly ordinary coconut tree.

Gently touching it, he felt a gravitational force.

Releasing his resistance, he was drawn into the tree.

The so-called subworld was actually quite simple. It could barely accommodate two people without feeling crowded.

There was nothing valuable inside.

But Li Fan was only borrowing this place temporarily and didn't care much about its furnishings.

He also wasn't worried about retaliation from Jiao Xiuyuan because sneaking into another person's subworld wasn't a noble act.

Moreover, this place was quite remote. Even if Jiao Xiuyuan wanted to seek revenge, by the time he traveled a long distance, Li Fan would have already created his clone and left.

Li Fan didn't dwell on such matters. He took out the necessary materials, held his breath, and focused on the task at hand.

This time, when creating the clone, Li Fan didn't intend to put too much effort into taking away the life force from other cultivators.

In his plan, this clone was only meant to deceive others, draw attention away, and acquire the 100,000 contribution points he needed.

He would also leave this clone behind to observe the events of the sea's incineration.

Since, in the end, they would all face death, he didn't need to be overly meticulous about it.

The creation process began. Li Fan used a drop of his own essence blood as the core and controlled the blood of various animals and beasts, condensing them into a humanoid form.

Then, he activated his techniques and sensed the scattered life forces in the surrounding world. Most of these life forces belonged to the plants and animals on the nearby islands. Each one was weak, but there were a great number of them.

Li Fan carefully extracted a strand of life force from each of these sources and converged them into one place.

As he continued to extract life forces, it became increasingly challenging to control them. Li Fan knew that he couldn't be too greedy; otherwise, he might lose control, resulting in the life forces backfiring on him.

Once he felt that he had reached the limit of what he could control, Li Fan stopped extracting more life force.

Li Fan incorporated this new collection of extracted life force into the humanoid figure's flesh.

Instantly, a faint sign of vitality emerged from it.

The process of creating the clone was already more than halfway complete, and Li Fan added the remaining materials one by one.

Bones, organs, skin, and hair slowly took shape.

Li Fan then adjusted the appearance of the clone. He didn't make it exceptionally handsome or ugly but gave it an average, forgettable face that would blend into a crowd.

After a while, an expressionless face appeared before him.

Li Fan observed it carefully and nodded in satisfaction.

Now, there was just one final step.

Li Fan concentrated his thoughts and pointed at the clone's head.

"Sever!"

He severed the connection between the clone's life force and its origins.

Finally, the clone became a separate entity.

Li Fan and the clone looked at each other.

An extra body and a whole new perspective.

It felt somewhat peculiar.

Controlling the clone, making it move, sit, stand... it took a while for Li Fan to adapt.

He retrieved clothes from his storage ring and dressed the clone. He bowed to the original, "Greetings, fellow Daoist!"

The original Li Fan smiled, "From now on, you shall be called Fan Lin!"

"Very well!"

Fan Lin, the clone, had a slightly lower cultivation level than the original. He was only at the Qi Condensation Intermediate Stage and hadn't cultivated any techniques; he was a blank slate.

Now that the clone had been successfully created, the next step was to integrate him into the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

There was no need for the original Li Fan to introduce him.

Fan Lin carried the storage ring containing the "Cloud Water Map" and flew to the vicinity of Lingyun Island. The original Li Fan followed quietly, prepared for any unforeseen circumstances.

Thankfully, nothing unexpected occurred.

Fan Lin successfully met with the guardian of Lingyun Island and requested to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

His request was readily accepted.

After completing the familiar procedures, Fan Lin arrived on Ten Thousand Immortals Island and entered his own Tianxuan Mirror Space.

The original Li Fan also returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, but they didn't meet in person.

Fan Lin then took out the "Cloud Water Map" and chose to complete the mission worth 100,000 contribution points.

At the same time, the original Li Fan concentrated his mental power and sensed the situation on Fan Lin's side.

The Tianxuan Mirror remained silent for a much longer time than usual.

For a while, there was no response.

Li Fan thought something might have gone wrong.

Finally, the Tianxuan Mirror's voice spoke again.

"Unable to verify the authenticity of the 'Cloud Water Map.' Please wait."

...

"The mission issuer requests to visit your space. Do you accept?"

Fan Lin was taken aback, then chose to accept.

A moment later, a white-haired old man with a benevolent expression appeared before Fan Lin. There was no trace of a cultivator's aura about him; he appeared just like an ordinary mortal.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 93: The Heavenly Doctor’s Immortal Sutra


The elderly man with white hair seemed somewhat familiar, yet Fan Lin couldn't recall where he had seen him before. He appeared gentle and friendly, just like a kindly grandfather, radiating a positive impression.

Of course, Fan Lin didn't believe that this person was an ordinary mortal. It was undoubtedly his cultivation level that was beyond what Fan Lin could perceive at the moment. So Fan Lin became even more cautious.

He paid his respects, "Greetings, senior."

The white-haired man responded with a warm smile, "No need to be so formal; I'm just an old man who hasn't died yet."

After a pause, he asked kindly, "You want to hand over the 'Cloud Water Map'?"

Li Fan nodded and then handed over the model.

The white-haired man accepted the miniature Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, carefully examining it. His eyes filled with boundless nostalgia.

"That's right, this is it."

"Han Hai, Taiyi, Fu Yun..."

"It's been a long time."

Seemingly lost in memories, the old man's gaze became somewhat cloudy.

Hearing the words of the old man, Fan Lin's heart skipped a beat. He stood quietly to the side, not daring to move.

From the old man's words, it seemed that he was of the same generation as that turtle-snake Taiyi. The destruction of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace happened many years ago. How could this guy have survived all this time? After all, following the Great Calamity, cultivators were generally targeted by the malicious will of the heavens and the earth, and they couldn't live as long as the ancient cultivators. Living for a thousand years was already very difficult. What kind of cultivation level was needed to live this long? Soul Transformation? Dao Integration? Fan Lin didn't dare to speculate but became even more cautious.

In a world where different schools of cultivation couldn't coexist, someone who had managed to survive from the time of the Great Calamity until now was a big shot. If anyone thought they'd be as "kind" as they appeared, they were being too naive.

The white-haired man, seeing Fan Lin somewhat nervous, chuckled.

"How is the scene in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace today?" he asked.

Fan Lin then gave a detailed description of the situation, mentioning how Qin Tang had turned into a statue, the Gu Daoist who refined elixirs using his own body, and Taiyi, whose body was stabbed with broken swords.

"If it weren't for some special circumstances preventing me from entering the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, I wouldn't idly sit by watching them suffer."

After a long silence, the old man sighed deeply.

"To be able to come out of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace alive, you are indeed quite resourceful," he praised Fan Lin after sizing him up.

"It's just a matter of luck," Fan Lin modestly replied.

"I have a request, would you be willing to accept it?" the white-haired man suddenly asked.

"Senior, please speak."

"I need you to pay a visit to the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace for me. Place this object there." The white-haired man took out a small white jade figurine and handed it to Fan Lin.

The figurine didn't seem to have any special aura; it appeared to be made of ordinary white jade. The figurine's appearance was identical to the old man standing before Fan Lin.

"Since I can't personally enter the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, I will use this figurine to accompany them continuously. As for the reward..."

After contemplating for a moment, the white-haired man pointed at Fan Lin's forehead.

Suddenly, Fan Lin's mind was flooded with countless pieces of information. Even with his Qi Condensation Intermediate Stage level of mental power, he couldn't help but feel dizzy, and his head began to throb.

When he regained his senses, the image of the white-haired man had already disappeared from the Tianxuan Mirror, and he had received 100,000 contribution points.

Slowly, Fan Lin organized the vast amount of information in his mind. After a long while, he finally understood the reward from the white-haired man.

It was the "Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra."

It wasn't a cultivation technique but instead a medical treatise. It encompassed knowledge about human physiology, pathology, diagnosis, treatment, and various aspects of medicine. The scope of the treatise even extended to all kinds of animals and plants in the world, making it incredibly comprehensive.

The volume of information contained within was massive. Fan Lin estimated that just a single read-through would take at least a dozen years.

This vast and invaluable repository of knowledge had been casually given to Fan Lin by the white-haired man.

"This is indeed a blessing, but unfortunately, learning it is too mentally exhausting. I can only put it aside for now and slowly digest it later."

Fan Lin couldn't afford to neglect the request from the white-haired man, especially when he had already received the reward in advance. So, Fan Lin visited the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace once again.

He had expected that, upon entering the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, his clone would relive Qin Tang's dream-like test. However, after the figurine emitted a burst of white light from his storage ring, Fan Lin found himself standing right in front of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace's gate.

The figurine left his storage ring and flew into the sky, slowly dissolving like ice melting.

"Is the task considered completed like this? It seems too simple and smooth," Fan Lin mumbled to himself.

After waiting for a while, nothing unusual happened within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

"I wonder what this figurine is for."

Fan Lin couldn't discern any mysteries in it, so he decided to leave. Safely back inside the Tianxuan Mirror, Fan Lin stared at his balance of 100,000 contribution points, lost in thought.

Originally, Fan Lin had planned to have his clone acquire the necessary cultivation techniques and treasures and then give them to his main body, much like the way Xiao Heng had exchanged the "Minor Yan Water Technique" in his previous life. However, after encountering the white-haired man, Fan Lin dispelled this idea.

At present, it seemed best to avoid any connection between the clone and the main body. This white-haired man gave Fan Lin a strong sense of danger. As the clone had already fallen under his gaze, if the main body and the clone had direct contact, there was a risk that the connection between them would be discovered.

Even with the mystical Sun Stealing Technique, in this dangerous world of cultivation, people could be refined into Heavenly Treasures. So, no matter how cautious he was, it wasn't excessive.

As for whether these 100,000 contribution points would go to waste in the hands of the clone and couldn't be spent, there was no need to worry about that. After all, the most valuable thing in this world was various types of knowledge, including cultivation techniques!

While the clone browsed through various knowledge, the main body would be also learning. So, these 100,000 contribution points would be effectively spent by the clone in the same way they would be spent by the main body.

With a focused mind, Fan Lin started by searching for information about the "Ancient War."

During his time in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, he was greatly interested in the constant references made by Qin Tang and the Gu Daoist cultivator about a war that appeared to be quite tragic, causing them to remember it even after becoming anomalies.

Quickly, Fan Lin found some fragmentary information. Unfortunately, all the related records were vague and incomplete, with the rest being lost to history.

What could be confirmed was that there was indeed such a great war. This war seemed to have lasted for a long time, starting even before the Immortal Ancestor's Preaching. It had continued until the arrival of the Great Calamity.

Fan Lin next searched for information about Heavenly Treasures.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 94: Zhang Haobo’s Rebirth


"Treatise on Heavenly Treasures."

Cost: 2000 contribution points.

Without even blinking, Fan Lin made the purchase.

He carefully began to peruse the contents.

Heavenly Treasures were key to a cultivator's foundation. They could be categorized into three main types: Celestial Treasures, Earthly Treasures, and Human Treasures.

Celestial Treasures were mysterious and elusive, closely aligned with the heavens, and were rarely encountered. The book only gave one example: the foundation of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Yanfa Jue [1].

The specific owner of this Foundation Treasure remained unknown. Its special effect allowed the spontaneous generation of new techniques day and night.

When Fan Lin read this, he stopped and thought, "Previously, I heard from Kou Hong that the cultivation techniques that cultivators use nowadays were all newly created techniques. I assumed that there must be some genius who was capable of inventing so many diverse techniques."

"But it's not a result of human innovation; it's reliant on this Heavenly Treasure."

Fan Lin pondered this revelation and continued reading.

Earthly Treasures were rare as well, but they were less elusive than Celestial Treasures. They often appeared alongside extraordinary natural phenomena. The book gave some examples.

The disappearance of the Cangwu Province's four rivers and twenty-eight mountains left behind a seemingly bottomless abyss and led to the creation of the Cangwu Landscape Map Earthly Treasure.

The continent's water system, which originally flowed from west to east into the sea, suddenly reversed one year, with all waters converging at Penglai Mountain, which persisted for three months, leading to the emergence of the World Water Mother.

Fan Lin found this information engrossing and thought, "Does that mean the Canghai Pearl is also an earthly wonder?" It was still more than a decade before the emergence of the Canghai Pearl, and it appeared to be near Flowing Cloud Island. He couldn't afford to forget about this matter.

Next, there was the category of Human Treasures. The majority of Heavenly Treasures in the world belonged to this category. They often formed over several thousand years from the remains of fallen cultivators and could be classified into three grades based on their quality: upper, middle, and lower grades. The higher the quality, the more powerful a cultivator could become by using them.

Fan Lin couldn't help but think of the Gnarled Dragon Branch and the Rust Sword Dao Xuan. He wondered what grade these two wonders were. Based on their displayed power, they were at least of medium grade.

As Fan Lin's clone delved deep into the secrets of the cultivation world, the main body, Li Fan, was quietly traversing the teleportation array to reach Liuli Island. He didn't encounter He Zhenghao but instead met a stranger guarding the island's large formation. He suspected that He Zhenghao was still exploring the cave and hadn't returned yet.

Fan Lin didn't think too much about it and merely nodded to the guardian. He then exited the formation, concealed his presence, and silently arrived at Captain Zhang Haobo's home.

Seeing Zhang Haobo fast asleep, Fan Lin smiled faintly.

Nineteen years remained until the burning of the sea.

With the clone now complete, some preparations could be made in advance. Fan Lin activated the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art.

Zhang Haobo abruptly awoke from a terrifying nightmare, drenched in cold sweat. He was panting heavily, and the fear in his heart had yet to subside.

After a while, he finally regained his senses, gazing around at the unfamiliar surroundings.

Where was he... Liuli Island?

Could it be that everything was just a terrible nightmare?

But when had he ever had such vivid dreams?

In the dream, he had once gone fishing at sea and pulled up a corpse, along with a book. Even after being submerged in seawater for a long time, the text on the pages remained clear.

"Sea Fixing Sword Technique."

It was a cultivation secret technique from the ancient Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, capable of carrying practitioners through to the Foundation Establishment stage. With it, twenty-four Sea Fixing Swords could be condensed in the dantian, making it exceptionally powerful.

With this secret technique, he had made significant progress in just over a decade.

All the way from an ordinary person to reaching the late Qi Condensation stage.

Originally, he had hoped to build his foundation, but he hadn't expected...

Whenever Zhang Haobo thought about the terrifying scenes in his dream, he couldn't help but shudder uncontrollably.

In the sky above the Cong Yun Sea, a sudden appearance emerged—a translucent figure of crimson.

In its hand, there was a seemingly feeble flame.

But it was this very flame that, in the subsequent ten years, slowly evaporated the entire expanse of the Cong Yun Sea.

His relatives, his homeland, and everything around him were utterly obliterated by it.

The cultivators of Ten Thousand Immortals Island fought desperately against it, but unfortunately, the power of that figure was overwhelming.

Moreover, its appearance had been so sudden.

The Cong Yun Sea had turned into an impassable dead zone.

Without reinforcements, eventually, the cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island fought with all their might, only managing to severely injure it.

Rolling flames descended from the sky, turning Ten Thousand Immortals Island into ashes.

The nightmare ended at this point, but Zhang Haobo couldn't calm down for a long time.

Was it truly just a dream?

How could he, an ordinary person, dream so vividly about Ten Thousand Immortals Island, the Tianxuan Mirror, and other things that hadn't even existed in his imagination before?

And even the cultivation techniques...

Wait a minute.

Zhang Haobo's eyes narrowed.

The cultivation technique "Sea Fixing Sword Technique" suddenly emerged in his mind!

Every word, every sentence was crystal clear.

He abruptly stood up.

It wasn't a dream?!

Could it be...

Rebirth?!

He had read quite a few novels in the past, which included plots of dying and returning to the past decades ago.

But he never thought he would experience such a thing himself one day.

It took Zhang Haobo a long time to calm down.

He made an effort to recall his previous life's experiences.

Unfortunately, perhaps because the terrifying crimson figure had overwhelmed his entire consciousness, he only had a vague impression of major events from his past life.

However...

It was enough.

He turned to look at his sleeping wife. His gaze became firm.

The tragedy would occur in a little over ten years.

If he prepared in advance and made arrangements, he could undoubtedly kill that crimson figure.

First and foremost, he had to break through to the early Qi Condensation stage.

Then, he would join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The matter of rebirth was too strange to be revealed to others.

He also needed to find a way to make the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance believe that the crimson figure would truly appear.

Zhang Haobo recovered the mindset of the late stage Qi Condensation cultivator from his previous life. His mind was constantly calculating.

...

Li Fan watched as Zhang Haobo's expression continued to change and, seeing that he didn't immediately try to escape, he nodded in secret.

Zhang Haobo's belief in his rebirth was naturally the result of Li Fan's Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art.

Using his real future experiences as a blueprint, Li Fan constructed an illusion to deceive an ordinary person, which was already more than sufficient.

Unfortunately, Li Fan's current level of cultivation was still shallow, and even though he had experienced events from the future, he couldn't know everything.

So, the illusion he created still had some flaws.

In order to increase the credibility of the illusion, Li Fan even brought out the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique," which had been truncated to the Foundation Establishment stage.

The purpose was to have Zhang Haobo, in his stead, drive the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to confront the Crimson Flame.

Li Fan wanted to know how the various cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island would react if they knew in advance about the arrival of the Heavenly Spirit.

Of course, to prevent Zhang Haobo from being frightened by the Crimson Flame's power and choosing to escape immediately, Li Fan implanted some psychological suggestions into his mind, making him feel a sense of responsibility to prevent the tragedy from happening for the sake of his family and comrades.

At the same time, he made modifications to the Crimson Flame's strength, making it appear less invincible and more susceptible to defeat.

Now, it seemed like the effect was quite good.

In the future, Li Fan planned to periodically return to strengthen the illusion using the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art.

With these thoughts in mind, Li Fan employed Formless Killing Intent to secretly lock onto Zhang Haobo to prevent him from slipping away unnoticed.

*****

[1] Yanfa Jue translates roughly to Technique Derivation Jade.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 95: Life and Death Interlocking


The reason why Li Fan chose Zhang Haobo as the "reborn" to provoke the Ten Thousand Immortals League to fight against Crimson Flame was, of course, because this person's fate was extraordinary.

In the previous life, as a mortal, he could vaguely sense the crisis of the burning sea and fled far away before the disaster arrived.

Not only that, it seemed that he had another fate on a distant continent.

In just over twenty years, he transformed from a mortal into a Foundation Establishment powerhouse.

In this life, with the techniques provided by Li Fan, it was likely that he could grow even faster.

Only in this way would he qualify to participate in the great event of resisting the Crimson Flame's burning of the sea.

The seed has been sown, and now one must wait for it to grow into a towering tree.

Of course, during its growth, it would inevitably need some trimming and pruning.

Li Fan looked at Zhang Haobo, who had experienced a drastic change of mind and then fallen into a deep sleep, took off into the air, and prepared to return to the Island of Ten Thousand Immortals.

Under the cover of the night, most of the residents of Liuli Island had already fallen into deep sleep, and the island was dark.

Only one residence was still brightly lit, but the courtyard was hung with white mourning banners.

Li Fan had been to that residence before; it was the home of Steward Zhao, the steward in charge of the island's finances.

So Li Fan's spiritual sense scanned it briefly.

His figure suddenly stopped and hung in mid-air, and a look of surprise flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

He landed in the courtyard of Steward Zhao's residence and walked into the spiritual hall.

Steward Zhao was dressed in mourning, kneeling in front of a memorial tablet.

Li Fan looked at the characters on the memorial tablet, lost in thought.

"The memorial tablet of the late Immortal Master He Zhenghao."

He Zhenghao...

Is he dead?

Li Fan wasn't particularly shocked, just extremely puzzled.

It is said that a person cannot truly witness the event twice.

However, with the [Truth], Li Fan could witness the same event countless times. His slight movements might cause ripples in the river, but he couldn't change the river's course.

He Zhenghao's death was unexpected.

"How did fellow Daoist He die?" Li Fan couldn't help but ask.

Steward Zhao was suddenly taken aback but immediately turned around and answered respectfully, "It is said that Immortal Master He encountered traps while exploring an ancient cave and tragically perished."

"It has been fifty-six days so far."

Li Fan couldn't help but recall He Zhenghao's message from back then.

"Just now, several fellow Daoists of mine discovered an ancient cave and invited me to explore it with them. They say that this cave should have been sealed long before the Great Calamity, and it is bound to contain numerous treasures and perhaps even some techniques."

He Zhenghao wanted Li Fan to oversee Liuli Island because he wanted to explore this cave.

Li Fan refused because he was trying to obtain the "Cloud Water Map." At that time, he hadn't taken this matter to heart, thinking that He Zhenghao would surely return safely.

After all, in the previous life, Li Fan had encountered He Zhenghao more than ten years later, and he was perfectly fine at that time.

But unexpectedly, he had directly perished.

"So, in the previous life, He Zhenghao didn't participate in this exploration of the cave."

"The reason for the change must be..."

"He saved up a lifetime of contributions and lost them all at once. To earn the Nascent Soul technique, he was ready to take a gamble."

"Why did the event of the attack by that beast, the dragonwhale, happen?"

A scene suddenly flashed through Li Fan's mind.

When he was in the stomach of the dragonwhale, he found many unprocessed Liuli beads.

The Liuli bead is the main material for refining the Liuli Pill. After consuming the Liuli Pill, it can produce effects similar to enlightenment.

"Liuli beads can enlighten..."

This beast, the dragonwhale, gradually gained sentience because it had consumed a large number of Liuli beads.

By a stroke of fate, it encountered the island where Spirit Mist Grass was grown.

The Spirit Mist Grass seemed to be of some benefit to it, so the dragonwhale launched a raid and devoured most of the Spirit Mist Grass on the island.

The reason it could consume so many Liuli beads was because...

Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

In the previous life, when he was assimilated into the Canghai Pearl, he had seen the massive skeleton of a Liuli fish.

In the skeleton, a huge Liuli bead shimmered in the sunlight.

So, in this life, when he passed by, he casually slaughtered the leader of the Liuli fish.

With the leader of the Liuli fish gone, the Liuli fish group was leaderless.

They had no resistance and could only be devoured by the dragonwhale.

In the blink of an eye, Li Fan had unraveled the chain of events and was completely stunned.

So, does this mean that his unintentional action back then led to He Zhenghao's death?

And not only He Zhenghao, but how many other people were ruined by the manipulation of Spirit Mist Grass trading?

And how many other people had to take desperate risks, ultimately leading to their deaths?

The cause of this series of subsequent events was just because Li Fan killed a giant Liuli fish.

The death of the leader of the Liuli fish meant that the Liuli fish group could not resist other creatures' predation.

As a result, an exotic beast, the dragonwhale, gained sentience after devouring a large number of Liuli beads.

This sentient dragonwhale, by chance, destroyed all the Spirit Mist Grass on an island.

The destruction of the Spirit Mist Grass, further manipulated by someone, led to countless people's fortunes being ruined.

The ultimate result was the premature deaths of several Foundation Establishment cultivators.

These events were like interlocking shackles.

At first, they were just lightly locking together, but one link led to another, tightening more and more.

Until finally, once the fatal chain was formed, it was difficult to break free.

"So, even Foundation Establishment cultivators are so simple to kill. This is the correct way to use the killing intent of the heavens and earth."

"The 'Formless Killing Intent' still seems a bit crude."

Li Fan couldn't help but be overwhelmed with excitement and contemplation.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Lin Fan, who was immersed in various secrets, suddenly changed his expression.

He quickly activated the auxiliary cultivation mode, and with the enlightenment enhancement, he began to comprehend.

"To kill someone, it is far from necessary to do it personally. With the [Truth]'s foresight and premonition, I can easily kill someone, just like I did with He Zhenghao. Through manipulation, I can kill across time and space."

"Hundreds of thousands of miles away, several years in the past, I can take someone's life."

In other words, the butterfly effect: the flapping of a butterfly's wings could cause a series of events that lead to a hurricane on the other side of the world.

If it weren't for He Zhenghao's unexpected death, Li Fan might have had to wait a long time before comprehending this butterfly effect.

"Fellow Daoist He, it's good that you died!"

Thinking of this, Li Fan sincerely lit a stick of incense in front of He Zhenghao's memorial tablet.

"Rest now. In the next life, I will not treat you unfairly."

Li Fan silently said.

After standing for a moment and waiting for the incense to burn out, Li Fan turned to leave.

Just then, Steward Zhao suddenly spoke.

"Immortal Master, please wait!"

*****

TL Note: And so it begins...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 96: The Opportunity of the Ten Thousand Immortals Pavilion


Li Fan turned his head and looked at Steward Zhao.

Steward Zhao, facing a legendary immortal, couldn't help but be a bit nervous. He carefully chose his words and asked, "Esteemed Immortal, it seems like you had a good relationship with Immortal He?"

Li Fan was about to respond but suddenly remembered something. He contemplated for a moment and then said, "Fellow Daoist He and I have known each other for more than forty years, and he has shown me great care. I was away for a while, and I had no knowledge of his passing. Seeing fellow Daoist He's memorial tablet today was truly a great shock."

"I can only offer a joss stick..."

Saying this, Li Fan shook his head and sighed.

Steward Zhao also sighed and said, "Since I learned of Immortal He's passing and set up this memorial hall, it's been twenty-six days. You are the first and only one to come and pay your respects to him."

"Many immortals on the island have arrived in the past few days, either to search for his possessions or to compete for the position of guarding Liuli Island."

"Now, with the new guardian immortal already in office, it's difficult for me to keep my current position."

"I have been unable to fulfill fellow Daoist He's last wish all this time, and I feel guilty."

"Fortunately, I met you today."

Steward Zhao looked relieved.

"Fellow Daoist He's last wish?" Li Fan asked, puzzled.

"Yes, Immortal He entrusted me with an item before he passed away. He instructed me that if he encountered misfortune in the future, I should hand this item over to the first fellow Daoist who came to offer their respects."

"How could he entrust an item to you, a mortal?" Li Fan was surprised by Steward Zhao's answer.

"I won't hide it from you, Immortal. In my earlier years, I once saved Immortal He's life by a stroke of luck. Originally, Immortal He wanted to take me on as his disciple, but I was afraid of the difficulties of cultivation, so I asked for a job instead."

"Over these years, I have been serving Immortal He, and I gained his trust." Steward Zhao said, half proud and half sorrowful.

It seemed like there was such an incident.

Li Fan nodded.

"Moreover, it's very secure to leave it with me. After all, who would think that a mortal would be entrusted with an immortal's belongings? The immortals who have been coming and going these days have never even looked at me..." Steward Zhao explained but realized that he might have said too much and stopped abruptly.

He quickly turned and took out a small square box from under He Zhenghao's memorial tablet.

This small box seemed to have the effect of isolating divine consciousness. Even when Li Fan stood right in front of it, he couldn't detect it.

"The item in this box is Immortal He's possession. I don't know what it's used for." Steward Zhao handed the box over, his voice anxious.

Li Fan opened the box and found a charm with numerous characters that looked like a "Ten Thousand."

It seemed somewhat familiar.

This was...

Li Fan took out an identical charm from his storage ring. The only difference was the aura on the charm.

It was none other than the entry charm given to foreign cultivators for their first entry to Liuli Island.

Li Fan remembered that He Zhenghao had explained at the time that this charm was worth 100 contribution points.

But what was the use of this thing?

For a moment, Li Fan was puzzled.

However, he still put the wooden box away.

Looking at the nervous Steward Zhao, Li Fan thought for a moment and said, "I will go and speak on your behalf to the new guardian immortal. As for whether you can keep your position, I can't guarantee."

Steward Zhao was overjoyed and immediately knelt down, repeatedly kowtowing.

Li Fan waved his hand and left.

Steward Zhao continued to kneel on the ground, not daring to move.

After waiting for a long time, he slowly got up.

Looking at He Zhenghao's memorial tablet, he said softly, "I've finally passed this hot potato to someone else. These days, watching the immortals flying in and out over my head, I couldn't even sleep well."

"Just now, that person didn't lie, and he was the first to come and pay his respects to you. Handing your possession to him is also in line with your last wish."

"My heart is finally at peace."

After remaining silent for a long time, Steward Zhao whispered, "Cultivating immortality but dying even earlier than me. There isn't even anyone to collect your remains."

"It's really meaningless."

...

Li Fan, holding the wooden box, returned to the island's protective formation and met the unfamiliar cultivator once more.

The unfamiliar cultivator was named Yuwen Xing and had taken over as the new guardian of Liuli Island after a series of political maneuvers.

Li Fan didn't mention Steward Zhao's relationship with He Zhenghao. He only said that Steward Zhao had a connection with him and inquired whether he could retain his position as the manager of Liuli Island's finances.

It was just a mortal job, and after thinking for a moment, Yuwen Xing agreed.

Li Fan expressed his gratitude.

After exchanging Communication Talismans, Li Fan hastily returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

After some searching, Li Fan finally understood the purpose of the entry charm. Besides being used as an entry certificate to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, it also served as an item storage and retrieval voucher.

The items weren't stored in the Tianxuan Mirror but in a place called the "Ten Thousand Immortals Pavilion."

Usually, what was stored there wasn't anything precious. It was often the inheritance left by cultivators for their mortal relatives to prevent any accidents.

Only after the cultivator's death could their mortal relatives use the charm to withdraw the inheritance.

So, the Ten Thousand Immortals Pavilion was not on Liuli Island but on the remote island of Youlan, Cong Yun Sea.

With the purpose of the charm clarified, Li Fan didn't delay. He made a trip to Youlan Island and finally retrieved He Zhenghao's possession.

It was a jade slip.

Li Fan initially thought it was some kind of cultivation technique. It wasn't until he read through the content of the jade slip that he understood.

The jade slip contained an unfinished work by He Zhenghao.

"Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram."

The book detailed He Zhenghao's special insights into formations over the years and some innovative ideas.

Along with this book, there was a message from He Zhenghao.

He said that his whole life, he only loved formations. After years of painstaking effort and many setbacks, he had barely completed most of the "Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram."

This time's expedition to the cave was supposed to be relatively low-risk. However, it's better to be safe than sorry. If he met an accident and died, it wouldn't be a big deal. What worried him was that his life's work, the "Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram," would be buried and lost forever.

So, he made arrangements, hoping that the fellow cultivator who received the charm could hand over the "Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram" to any of the formation masters on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, with the hope of completing it.

In the end, He Zhenghao couldn't help but vent his frustration.

He talked about the various benefits of his "Mountain Meditation Technique."

But unfortunately, it was just too difficult to practice.

If not for this, he wouldn't have had to risk his life in that ancient cave to change his cultivation technique.

...

"Mountain Meditation Technique? Fellow Daoist He, you've truly presented me with a challenge."

After putting away the jade slip, Li Fan's eyes shone with an inexplicable gleam.

*****

TL Note: Patreon readers wanted a higher tier so while I'm building a stockpile for that, you guys get consistent 2 chapters per day :)

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 97: Mechanical Death


"Sitting idly on a mountain and reaping the benefits, I never expected such a technique still exists in this world."

"Unfortunately, he just mentioned it briefly and didn't leave the technique behind."

"I wonder if fellow Daoist He's remains can still be found..."

"The 'Mountain Meditation Technique' is just too suitable for me. It can fully leverage the advantages of [Truth]'s precognition and anticipation."

He didn't know about the 'Mountain Meditation Technique' before, but now that he knew its profound aspects, he was determined to master it, and no one could stop him!

He Zhenghao had passed away and apparently hadn't passed on the technique. But it didn't matter. Li Fan had the 'Sun Stealing Technique,' which could strip He Zhenghao's memories using soul puppets. Maybe he could recreate the 'Mountain Meditation Technique.'

If luck wasn't on his side and he failed, he could plan for the next life. Thinking about it, Li Fan became interested in the ancient cave where He Zhenghao had perished.

He Zhenghao, along with five Foundation Establishment stage cultivators, had all perished, with only one Golden Core stage cultivator narrowly surviving.

This shocking news had stirred quite a commotion on Liuli Island. Rumors were flying everywhere.

After some inquiry, Li Fan gradually understood the whole story.

This cave was located inside an underwater volcano. It had remained hidden until recently when the volcano suddenly erupted. Passing cultivators noticed the hidden cave, so He Zhenghao's group decided to explore it.

One Golden Core stage and five Foundation Establishment stage cultivators. It wasn't a weak lineup by any means. According to the information they obtained, the cave belonged to a Golden Core cultivator from ancient times named Tian Yang.

According to common sense, exploring a Golden Core cultivator's cave should not have been too difficult. Even if they couldn't carry everything away, they should have been able to leave safely, even if they encountered danger.

But as they ventured deeper into the cave and triggered a restriction, they found that Tian Yang was a skilled practitioner of a long-lost mechanical art from ancient times.

A dozen or so mechanical puppets were instantly activated, surrounding the group.

Only a cultivator named Zheng Xiaoyun, who was in the Golden Core stage, managed to escape despite severe injuries.

The other five Foundation Establishment stage cultivators all met gruesome ends at the hands of the mechanical puppets.

Because three of the deceased Foundation Establishment stage cultivators were island guardians of Cong Yun Sea Islands, the official authorities of the Ten Thousand Immortals League even sent a Nascent Soul expert to investigate whether there was any intentional foul play involved.

The conclusion was that it was indeed an accident.

The death of the five Foundation Establishment stage cultivators didn't dampen the enthusiasm for exploring the cave. On the contrary, it ignited even more passion among cultivators.

Ignoring the priceless mechanical puppets within the cave, the inheritance left behind by the five Foundation Establishment stage cultivators had already made many people envious.

It was said that the second exploration team had already been assembled.

The leader this time was a Nascent Soul expert, True Lord Gouxuan.

This person was obsessed with various esoteric techniques, and when he heard that a long-lost mechanical art had reappeared in the world, he couldn't contain his excitement. So, he decided to go see for himself.

"I wonder if this exploration will be successful? But this time, the team is made up of Nascent Soul and Golden Core cultivators. I won't join in the excitement."

"There are so many treasures there; surely no one would want to compete with me over fellow Daoist He's remains, right?"

"Maybe I can post a bounty? 1,000 contribution points? That might be too much, 500 should be enough..."

Li Fan wasn't worried about the 'Mountain Meditation Technique' leaking out. Cultivators in this realm usually didn't carry their technique jade slips with them. Generally, after mastering a technique, they chose to destroy the jade slip and re-record it when needed. The need often arose when trading techniques.

Cultivation techniques couldn't be practiced concurrently, making them the most valuable resource in the cultivation world. A technique like the 'Mountain Meditation Technique,' found inadvertently in an ancient cave, can be sold to the Ten Thousand Immortals League or other organizations for a good price if you choose not to practice it.

Techniques like the 'Minor Yan Water Technique,' exchanged from the Tianxuan Mirror, can also be sold back after breaking through to the next realm, thus recovering some contribution points.

After selling a technique, the memories related to it are naturally erased from your mind.

"There are roughly two types of cultivation techniques in the world."

"One type is developed after the Great Calamity, with corresponding backups. Even if the cultivator who practices it accidentally dies, the technique won't be lost but will be collected and sold again, just like the two techniques in Qian Hong's tomb."

"The other type includes techniques that existed before the Great Calamity, but due to various reasons, they aren't known to the world. Only the cultivator practicing it knows about it. If that practitioner passes away without leaving a copy, it usually means the technique is entirely lost. 'Mountain Meditation Technique,' 'Sea Fixing Sword Technique,' and others fall into this category."

"Using the 'Sun Stealing Technique,' I can, with a certain probability, recreate lost techniques from the remains of a cultivator..."

"Or perhaps, this is the correct way to use the 'Sun Stealing Technique'?"

Li Fan fell into contemplation.

After a while, he shook his head.

"Let's get fellow Daoist He's remains out first. Before that, I need to do a few tasks to earn some contribution points."

Creating a clone could only be done by the main body. Furthermore, since he had decided that the clone Fan Lin wouldn't have any connection with the main body, it was better for the main body to issue the task personally.

For most cultivators, 500 contribution points might take half a year or more to accumulate, but for Li Fan, who had knowledge of many secrets in the Cong Yun Sea, it was just one task.

Three years had passed since he last completed the Blue Blood Coral task. Doing one or two tasks at this time wouldn't attract too much attention.

So, Li Fan began browsing the task list.

Soon, he picked a 2,000-point reward bounty mission.

Accepting the task, he replied.

"In the southwest sea area of the Cong Yun Sea, below the Gonghai Island, there is a sea creature matching the description you're looking for."

"Equivalent to late Qi Condensation stage, but they move in groups, making them challenging to deal with."

"Note that this cave has two layers. You need to explore it carefully to find the entrance to the second layer."

"The sea creatures are in the second layer."

...

He still only provided information.

After half a day, the other party confirmed the accuracy of the information.

Quite generously, they awarded Li Fan with 1,000 contribution points.

With the contribution points in hand, Li Fan immediately issued a 500-point contribution task in the Tianxuan Mirror.

In the task description, he mentioned his close friendship with He Zhenghao over almost forty years, describing their bond as inseparable. He expressed his reluctance to leave his remains exposed outside and therefore offered a reward to bring back He Zhenghao's remains for a proper burial.

He originally thought it would take some time for someone to accept the task.

However, to his surprise, it was picked up quickly.

The person who accepted the task was a member of the exploration team currently assembling. He was a Foundation Establishment stage cultivator.

The person sent a message asking Li Fan if he wanted to join them.

"With a Nascent Soul expert leading the team, you're sure to return safely," they reassured Li Fan.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 98: Discerning One’s Fate Through Two Lifetimes


The other person also mentioned that they inquired because it's quite rare to find someone so emotionally attached in the current cultivation world.

Li Fan looked at the person's name.

Song Weiyu, who seemed to be a female cultivator.

Should he go or not? The Golden Core expert's abode had the assurance of safety due to the Nascent Soul powerhouse leading the team.

However, Li Fan thought about it and decided to politely decline.

He only sought He Zhenghao's remains, and if Song Weiyu's mission was successful, she would surely bring them back. There was no need to take unnecessary risks.

If there were any significant opportunities in that abode, Li Fan could inquire about them and explore them in the next lifetime.

Song Weiyu didn't respond further after Li Fan's rejection.

With everything settled, Li Fan began practicing the "Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art."

He was very focused on Zhang Haobo, his pawn.

To ensure he didn't deviate from the path of growth Li Fan had set for him, he needed to periodically use illusory dreams on him.

It was easy during his mortal phase. However, influencing his thoughts once he reached the Qi Condensation stage and especially after breaking through to the Foundation Establishment stage would be much more challenging.

Therefore, Li Fan needed to advance the "Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art" to the second level.

The "Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art" was a unique cultivation technique with seven levels, unrelated to cultivation realms like Foundation Establishment or Qi Condensation. Instead, it depended on the strength of one's spiritual consciousness and the precision of constructing illusions.

The higher the level of this technique one practiced, the stronger the influence of their illusions.

In theory, even an ordinary mortal could, with sufficiently strong spiritual power, submerge a Golden Core or even Nascent Soul stage cultivator in illusions. However, the cultivator's realm usually determined the strength of their spiritual consciousness, so this situation was almost nonexistent.

...

Three months later.

Liuli Island.

On board the Cangyuan ship.

Zhang Haobo stood at the bow, facing the sea breeze, gazing at the ocean.

He furrowed his brows as if searching for something.

Suddenly, he spotted a familiar-looking reef in the distance.

His spirit was rejuvenated, and he immediately leaped into the sea, leaving the surrounding crew astonished.

Zhang Haobo navigated through the dim underwater environment and soon reached the seabed. If an ordinary mortal had ventured this deep underwater, they would have succumbed to the immense pressure and perished.

However, after three months of cultivation, most of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma within Zhang Haobo's body had been cleared away. His constitution had significantly improved, and he was not far from breaking through to the Qi Condensation stage.

Combined with his natural affinity for water, he was unafraid.

Zhang Haobo swam further along the seabed when he suddenly noticed something.

His speed increased sharply as he swam toward a half-buried corpse in the mud.

He pulled the remains out of the muck and found a book resting on the corpse's chest.

It was the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique."

"It's not a dream; I have been reborn." Zhang Haobo stroked the cover of the book as he mumbled to himself.

Although he had previously accepted that he had been reborn, it was still a concept too extraordinary to grasp. Moreover, the memories of his previous life were gradually fading, causing him to doubt this situation.

Fortunately, recently, probably due to his imminent breakthrough to the Qi Condensation stage, some forgotten details had been resurfacing in his mind.

This included the location where he initially salvaged the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique." He took the opportunity of this voyage to verify his rebirth.

Now, with these skeletal remains and the reappearance of the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique," Zhang Haobo had finally confirmed that he had indeed been reborn.

His gaze became resolute, and he tucked the book into his bosom.

"I can't delay any longer; I must improve my cultivation quickly. Only by reaching a higher realm can I prevent that impending calamity."

"Just a mere Qi Condensation stage cultivator won't be enough. I need to gain more strength, or I won't be able to convince anyone."

"At least Foundation Establishment or even Golden Core..."

Thinking this way, Zhang Haobo slowly swam back to the surface and climbed back onto the Cangyuan ship.

The crew members observed their serious captain and refrained from asking too many questions.

Since some time ago, their captain seemed to undergo an inexplicable transformation. The jovial and playful captain they once knew had vanished.

Zhang Haobo was becoming less jovial, and his aura was growing stronger every day, resembling the island's immortal masters. As a result, they became somewhat intimidated and uneasy in his presence.

...

Above the Cangyuan ship, Li Fan, who remained concealed, intently observed Zhang Haobo while using the Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra to examine his fate.

"Indeed, there seems to be a peculiar change in his fate. It's very subtle, but I initiated this change myself, so I naturally pay special attention to it. Thus, I noticed it."

Li Fan carefully considered the subtle differences before and after, and it seemed like he was beginning to understand something.

"In cultivation, it's often one step at a time, with each step being quicker than the last."

"Last lifetime, Zhang Haobo only embarked on the path of cultivation in middle age due to a fortuitous opportunity. While his luck was extraordinary, reaching Foundation Establishment in just over ten years was already his limit. That was his destined fate."

"But this lifetime, under my guidance, he began his cultivation over a decade earlier."

"When fate changes, it naturally flows differently, with small changes compounding upon each other..."

Li Fan murmured softly, his eyes growing brighter.

Being able to personally witness the before-and-after changes in someone's fate was a great opportunity for Li Fan.

If it weren't for the [Truth], which allowed him to compare and verify the destinies of two lifetimes, he wouldn't have been able to know the fate of himself or others.

Just as in his previous life, only by turning into the Canghai Sea could he peek into the killing intent of the heavens.

Only by spanning two lifetimes could one understand the changes in fate.

With this realization, Li Fan couldn't help but let out a deep chuckle.

"Perhaps you will really bring me some surprises."

"I am genuinely looking forward to your performance, Zhang Haobo."

...

In a cheerful mood, Li Fan leisurely flew back to Liuli Island.

Three months had passed, but his avatar, Fan Lin, remained in a state of epiphany over the butterfly effect.

The state of Enlightenment was still ongoing.

Contribution points were being spent like flowing water, and he had used almost 2,000 points so far.

Fortunately, his avatar had a reserve of 100,000 contribution points, so it could endure this level of expenditure.

"I wonder what kind of divine power my avatar will comprehend when it emerges from this epiphany?"

Li Fan contemplated these possibilities as he arrived within the protective array of Liuli Island.

He intended to use the teleportation formation to return to Ten Thousand Immortals Island. However, he noticed that Yuwen Xing, the new guardian immortal of Liuli Island, had a grave expression, filled with worry.

"Daoist Yuwen, what has happened?" Li Fan politely inquired.

Yuwen Xing appeared to be deep in thought, and for a moment, he didn't respond.

"Daoist Yuwen?" Li Fan had to repeat his question.

Finally, Yuwen Xing snapped back to attention and looked at Li Fan with a sigh.

"Something bad has happened."

"The expedition team led by True Lord Gouxuan that went to explore the ancient abode... they're all dead."

"Even True Lord Gouxuan himself didn't manage to escape."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 99: You’re Stronger, So Am I


Li Fan was surprised and asked, "How could this happen? Wasn't it just a Golden Core cultivator's cave? How did even a Nascent Soul master fall?"

Yuwen Xing shook his head and said, "The exact situation is unclear right now. They have temporarily sealed the entrance to that cave to prevent any unsuspecting individuals from entering and meeting their demise."

He continued, "In the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Island, there are only about ten Nascent Soul cultivators. So the sudden loss of one is indeed significant."

"Let alone the four Golden Core and thirteen Foundation Establishment cultivators who perished in two consecutive exploration attempts."

"Now, the island is not in a very peaceful state. With so many cultivators lost, their positions on the island are now vacant. Various factions have started maneuvering behind the scenes to vie for these opportunities."

"Even the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has reopened its investigation into Zheng Xiaoyun. This time, it's being conducted by the Hall of Heavenly Secrets's Elder Gongsun. We don't know if they will find anything substantial."

"It's a tumultuous time."

After listening to Yuwen Xing's concerns, Li Fan realized that there was an additional reason behind his worries. It turned out that Yuwen Xing had relied on the now-deceased True Lord Gouxuan as his backer.

Thanks to this connection, he managed to defeat numerous competitors and became the guardian of Liuli Island. However, with his protector falling, Yuwen Xing seemed anxious about his own position.

Li Fan thought to himself, "If even a Nascent Soul cultivator has fallen, it seems that the cultivation cave is extremely dangerous. It might be a while before I can retrieve the remains of fellow Daoist He."

However, a few days later, there appeared to be a turning point in the situation. The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's investigation results were released, which concluded that a cultivator named Zheng Xiaoyun, who was in the Golden Core stage, was not responsible for the deaths of the explorers.

The reason for the second exploration team's complete annihilation was attributed to the peculiar nature of the mechanisms and puppets within the cave of Tian Yang:

These mechanisms and puppets had the unique characteristic of becoming stronger when faced with stronger opponents. During the first exploration led by Zheng Xiaoyun, these puppets only exhibited the combat strength of Golden Core cultivators, which allowed Zheng Xiaoyun to survive.

However, when True Lord Gouxuan led the second expedition, these puppets suddenly exhibited the power of Nascent Soul cultivators, catching the team off guard and leading to their deaths.

The mechanisms and puppets in the cave were designed to absorb the energy of the underground volcanoes. Over the thousands of years, they had become significantly more potent. The upper limit of their strength was unclear.

Now, it was clear that True Lord Gouxuan's death was not unjust. No one could have expected that within the small cave of a mere Golden Core cultivator, such terrifying combat power was hidden.

The official announcement from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance lifted the heavy atmosphere over Ten Thousand Immortals Island. Most people found the investigation results credible, especially since Elder Gongsun from the Hall of Heavenly Secrets, known for his exceptional ability to predict events and determine causality, was responsible for the inquiry.

Countless Qi Condensation cultivators in the Cong Yun Sea were reinvigorated by the revelation that there were only a dozen puppets at the Qi Condensation stage which didn't pose much of a threat.

If it were possible to bring back even one of those puppets...

Countless Qi Condensation cultivators were immediately filled with all sorts of ideas, their hearts throbbing with excitement.

They began clamoring to form teams to explore the cave of Tian Yang for the third time.

When Li Fan heard this news, he couldn't help but feel tempted himself.

After all, during the Qi Condensation stage, he was practically invincible. Those with lower realms could be easily handled with his Insect Binding Technique. As for those at the same Qi Condensation stage, he had a multitude of techniques, such as the Formless Killing Intent, Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art, Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit, and more.

Li Fan couldn't believe that there would be anyone within the Cong Yun Sea stronger than him. Should he explore this cave?

Li Fan contemplated this for a moment but then thought it over and decided that something wasn't right.

If these puppets really became stronger when facing stronger opponents, then the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance could secretly gather a group of Qi Condensation cultivators to infiltrate the cave, defeating the puppets, and bringing them all back.

The idea of acquiring over a dozen puppets, each at least equivalent to the Nascent Soul stage, would be too enticing for the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to pass up. Why would they foolishly disclose this information to the public?

The only explanation was that there must be other peculiar aspects to these puppets within the cave that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance couldn't predict.

Li Fan had also heard of Elder Gongsun, the Hall of Heavenly Secrets's elder. He had investigated the situation when Li Fan had completed the bounty regarding the dragonwhale.

Elder Gongsun had only determined the immediate cause of death: the whale had been surrounded by several deep-sea behemoths and had exhausted its life.

However, he hadn't uncovered the root cause: Li Fan's activation of the Formless Killing Intent.

Therefore, Li Fan believed that Elder Gongsun could indeed predict events and determine causality, but his abilities were like a blind person touching an elephant, only grasping part of the truth.

This understanding wasn't exclusive to Li Fan; many others shared this viewpoint.

At first, when they were excited and hot-headed, they quickly organized into a group. In total, there were over thirty of them, and they were determined to explore the cave of Tian Yang once again.

Li Fan, on the other hand, simply reposted the bounty for fellow Daoist He's remains and patiently waited to see how it would all unfold.

Ten days later, the exploration team returned in disarray. Most of the thirty-plus people escaped from the cave.

As they tearfully recounted their experiences, the onlookers learned what had happened inside the cave.

The seventeen puppets inside were incredibly powerful! They were constructed from some unknown material, making them incredibly durable. No spell seemed to affect them, leaving no marks or damage whatsoever.

Not even a scratch could be left.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 100: Zhang Haobo Tests His Sword


This is only natural. Although these puppet mechanisms have reduced their combat power to the Qi Condensation stage, their physical strength alone is capable of withstanding attacks from Nascent Soul stage cultivators. How can a group of Qi Condensation cultivators hope to harm them?

After a series of pitiful attacks from the thirty-plus Qi Condensation cultivators, the seventeen puppets remained unfazed. They were impervious to any damage.

In return, the puppets' offensive capabilities, limited to the Qi Condensation stage, didn't appear as menacing. After a grueling battle, the third exploration team, although battered, managed to preserve most of their lives.

Finally, everyone began to understand that this cave of Tian Yang was far beyond the reach of their group of low-level Qi Condensation cultivators. The seventeen high-defense puppet mechanisms were like formidable gatekeepers, keeping all intruders at bay.

Li Fan pondered, wondering how things had turned out for this cave in the past. Since he joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, he had never heard anyone discuss the matter. It seemed the cave had disappeared long ago.

"Perhaps, in the end, a powerful expert will intervene to resolve this matter," Li Fan speculated.

With the storm raised by the cave gradually calming down, cultivators began to deliberately forget about this treasure that they could see but not possess. Some with ulterior motives attempted to secretly rally others, hoping to assemble hundreds of Qi Condensation cultivators for another exploration. The plan was to use a large group to engage the seventeen puppets while the others ventured deep into the mansion to seek opportunities.

But no one paid attention to their proposals. Everyone was a Qi Condensation cultivator, and they were unwilling to take the risks and potentially sacrifice their lives for someone else's gain. Thus, the number of cultivators with the cave in their minds gradually dwindled, and the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance seemed to forget the matter entirely.

The Cong Yun Sea became calm once more, and Li Fan, who seldom had time to focus on his cultivation, finally settled down to practice in peace. Time passed, and half a year later, the 13th year had arrived.

On this day, Li Fan was examining the results of his half-year intensive cultivation. He compared the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" with the "Sun Stealing Technique" and practiced them together. Both techniques had advanced to the later stages of the Qi Condensation realm, and he could sense the existence of bottlenecks. Once he broke through these bottlenecks, he would be able to use a Heavenly Treasure to establish his foundation and become a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

As for the "Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art," it had progressed slowly after reaching the third layer, and he had to temporarily halt his practice. This third layer was already capable of affecting Nascent Soul stage cultivators, with the specific effects determined by the difference in spiritual strength between Li Fan and the opponent.

However, the "Stalking Shadow Technique" and the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" didn't receive much attention over this period.

"Maybe having so many techniques to practice isn't such a good thing. Perhaps I should consider merging and simplifying them... Of course, with my current level of insight into these techniques, I can't achieve that," Li Fan pondered.

However, if one were to use the Tianxuan Mirror's enlightenment over a long period of time, it might not be impossible.

His clone, Fan Lin, was still immersed in enlightenment. He had already consumed over six thousand points of contribution, but Li Fan didn't mind. The longer Fan Lin's enlightenment lasted, the more profound the insights he might gain. Li Fan even hoped that Fan Lin could spend all of his hundred thousand contribution points.

Suddenly, Li Fan felt a subtle weakening of the Formless Killing Intent that had been locked onto Zhang Haobo all along.

Zhang Haobo finally advanced to the Qi Condensation stage?"

"That's great, faster than I expected."

"Who knows, perhaps he'll achieve the Golden Core stage in just over a decade."

In less than a year, Zhang Haobo had transformed from an ordinary mortal into a Qi Condensation stage cultivator. With his altered fate, his cultivation speed had increased significantly compared to the previous life. The faster he cultivated, the stronger his power, and the greater influence he could exert.

Although he might not directly participate in the upcoming incineration of the Cong Yun Sea, Li Fan was well aware of the cascading effects a Golden Core cultivator could trigger.

"The incineration of the sea in this life is really worth looking forward to."

Three months later, Li Fan received a message from Yuwen Xing while in seclusion.

"Li Fan, do you know that we have an incredible individual on our Liuli Island recently?"

Li Fan's eyes lit up. "Oh? I'd like to hear more."

"Hehe, have a look," Yuwen Xing sent over a video.

In the video, seventeen massive puppets, entirely red, wielded huge fists as they fought with a blue water sword in front of them. At the center, surrounded by the seventeen puppets, stood one person, unmistakably Zhang Haobo. He had seven floating blue swords that rotated around him, acting as a protective formation. Zhang Haobo controlled ten more water swords simultaneously, engaging all the puppets in battle.

This kind of combat was clearly extremely taxing on his mental power. After a short time, three puppets broke through the sword blockade and approached Zhang Haobo.

Out of the seven protective swords, Zhang Haobo instantly divided three to face the incoming puppets while retreating.

In the blink of an eye, within the fury and frustration of the puppets, Zhang Haobo left the cave.

After a while, Yuwen Xing's triumphant voice came through.

"What do you think?"

"Are these seventeen puppets from the cave of Tian Yang? Fighting alone against seventeen puppets, although he only lasted for a short time, it's still quite impressive. Who is this person?" Li Fan pretended not to know.

"Hehe, this person is called Zhang Haobo. Just over a year ago, he was just an ordinary mortal."

"A few months ago, he advanced to the Qi Condensation stage, and I introduced him to our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"After hearing about the cave of Tian Yang, he went there alone."

"At first, I didn't know what he was doing, but later, I found out."

"He went there to practice against those seventeen puppet mechanisms!"

"In the beginning, it's said he could only last a few breaths. Then, as time passed, he could endure longer against the puppets."

"The video I sent you was from over half a month ago. I wonder what the situation is like now."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 101: Dragon’s Roar Under the Sea


After telling the story, Yuwen Xing couldn't help but sigh, "This person not only possesses an extraordinary natural talent in cultivation, which is rare in the world, but he also has remarkable willpower and courage, which are equally scarce."

"Those seventeen powerful puppets are formidable, and most cultivators would avoid them at all costs. Yet Zhang Haobo takes a different approach and uses them as sparring partners."

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, if this person doesn't meet an unfortunate end, he's destined for greatness!"

Li Fan agreed, "What you say, fellow Daoist Yuwen, is absolutely true!"

After a long pause, there was no further message from the other side. It seemed that Yuwen Xing had gone to inform others about this matter.

"A cultivator can typically form the twenty-four Sea Fixing Swords only after entering Foundation Establishment, but Zhang Haobo, who recently entered the Qi Condensation stage, managed to form them already."

"Is he particularly suited to this technique? Or is there some other reason? Interesting..."

In a burst of curiosity, Li Fan immediately set out to investigate the situation at the Tian Yang cave.

The Tian Yang cave was located beneath the sea in a dormant underwater volcano in the western part of the Cong Yun Sea. Since its emergence due to a volcanic eruption, the surrounding underwater volcanic activity has increased.

On his way, Li Fan occasionally spotted groups of Qi Condensation stage cultivators who were excited and couldn't stop talking about Zhang Haobo, who was currently engaged in a sword trial. They mentioned that Zhang Haobo was now able to endure the onslaught of the seventeen puppet mechanisms for almost the duration of a joss stick burning.

Many people used the opportunity when Zhang Haobo attracted the puppets' attention to sneak into the mansion and seek opportunities. However, one joss stick's time was too short for them to discover anything, and they would be killed by the enraged puppets before they could react. But there were reports that Zhang Haobo had made significant progress through these repeated trials. Perhaps he would soon advance to the mid-Qi Condensation stage, and at that point, his strength would allow him to restrain the puppets for a longer period. This would enable others to explore the mansion while he held the puppets at bay.

Zhang Haobo didn't seem to mind this behavior, and he didn't express any dissatisfaction. He continued his repetitive cycle of resting, sword trials, and resting.

Therefore, more and more cultivators began harboring various schemes.

Of course, some came purely to witness the remarkable feat of Zhang Haobo fighting seventeen puppets on his own.

Before long, Li Fan arrived in the area where the Tian Yang cave was located. Due to the active underground fires, the water temperature here was noticeably higher than in other areas. The sea's surface was scattered with dead fish, even though it had been cleaned up once.

Fortunately, Li Fan had made preparations before coming. He activated Concealing Form and Fire-Protection Talismans and then submerged into the sea.

As he descended, the water temperature continued to rise. Near the sea floor, the water was almost boiling. Inside an underwater volcano crater, searing magma continuously erupted along with billowing white smoke. Once the magma met the seawater, it cooled rapidly, forming black stone that piled up and spread outward.

Many cultivators had gathered around the volcano. They didn't mind the boiling seawater or the spectacular eruptions of the underwater volcano. All of their attention was focused on Zhang Haobo, who was meditating not far away.

As Li Fan approached, he heard people whispering:

"Just now, in his first battle in the mid-Qi Condensation stage, it seems like he didn't last much longer than before. What's going on?"

"You don't understand. Didn't you notice that his techniques' power is similar to when he was in the early Qi Condensation stage? He's clearly still adapting to his breakthrough."

"That's right, I'm certain he'll endure for the time of two joss sticks burning this time!"

In the midst of the discussions, Zhang Haobo suddenly opened his eyes and stood up.

With a calm expression, he dashed into the crater.

The onlookers didn't follow him. Instead, a watery screen lit up in the center, displaying the scene inside the mansion. It seemed that the seventeen puppets were not just lifeless objects. Anticipating Zhang Haobo's return, they had already set up an ambush at the mansion's entrance.

As soon as he entered, the puppets immediately launched an attack. Zhang Haobo remained calm and immediately surrounded himself with twenty-four deep blue water swords, blocking the puppets' attacks one by one. He swiftly moved through the gaps between the puppets, and in the blink of an eye, he had broken through their blockade and emerged from the encirclement. He then flew into the air.

"What is he trying to do?"

"He's not just defending anymore? Is he planning to use an offensive approach instead?"

Amidst the exclamations of the onlookers, Zhang Haobo gazed at the puppets below with focused eyes and formed a hand seal. In an instant, the twenty-four water swords drastically increased in speed, striking the mechanical puppets like a furious storm. The water swords moved like graceful spirits, creating countless illusions. At a glance, it seemed like hundreds or even thousands of water swords were attacking simultaneously.

The mechanical puppets were incredibly tough, and the water swords left only shallow marks when they struck. But the attacks caused the puppets to momentarily hesitate. However, as soon as they recovered from this brief pause, the water sword attacks continued, trapping them in a cycle of rigid movements.

The onslaught of water sword attacks resembled a rushing waterfall, non-stop and relentless. Zhang Haobo, using his strength alone, was actually suppressing the seventeen puppets!

Outside the mansion, the cultivators who witnessed this scene were left speechless, their hearts filled with amazement.

"Is Zhang Haobo really only in the mid-Qi Condensation stage? What cultivation technique is he practicing? He's incredibly strong!"

"I heard he's been cultivating for just over a year? He's a true genius!"

"Fellow Daoists, let's go. I see that these puppets can't lift their heads now. It's the perfect opportunity for us to explore the mansion!"

In the crowd, someone suddenly spoke up, inciting others.

The idea sounded reasonable, and many began to feel eager.

However, at that moment, a burly man shook his head and said, "I think not. Zhang Haobo's move is truly terrifying, but it must consume a lot of spiritual energy and is difficult to sustain. I'm afraid this time, he won't last as long as the previous attempt."

The crowd fell into deep thought and eventually nodded in agreement.

Li Fan, on the other hand, kept his eyes on Zhang Haobo in the water curtain.

The move that Zhang Haobo had just used was known to Li Fan. It was a deadly technique from the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique."

"Dragon's Roar."

This technique involved the swords moving like dragons, attacking freely and expansively with a wide range and a fast attack frequency, making it a powerful offensive move.

It required an extremely strong consumption of spiritual energy and was typically only usable by those in the Foundation Establishment stage. Even the previous cultivator, Baili Chen, who was also in the mid-Qi Condensation stage and practiced the complete version of the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique," couldn't perform this move.

What puzzled Li Fan was that although Zhang Haobo had extraordinary talent, he was still only in the mid-Qi Condensation stage. The "Dragon's Roar" was not something that could be sustained for long. Yet, looking at Zhang Haobo now, he seemed completely confident and unconcerned about running out of spiritual energy. Why was that?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 102: Tian Yang’s Roar


Just as Li Fan was feeling puzzled, he suddenly sensed something and his expression changed as he looked around.

In the deep sea, tiny specks of blue light were converging from all directions.

Heading towards the Tian Yang cave.

Li Fan reached out and intercepted one of the blue light points, examining it in his hand.

"Pure water elemental spiritual energy..."

In an instant, Li Fan realized what was happening.

He made the most accurate decision.

He activated the "Stalking Shadow Technique" technique in an instant. His figure became like a phantom, rushing into the volcano.

The others were still astonished by the increasing number of blue light points.

"A Water Spirit Body! Zhang Haobo is actually a Water Spirit Body!"

Someone finally reacted and exclaimed.

"I understand now. A Water Spirit Body is naturally attuned to elemental spiritual energy. As long as he's within this vast sea, he doesn't need to worry about running out of spiritual energy. Even if he consumes it quickly, the abundant water elemental spiritual energy in the surroundings can replenish it rapidly!"

"Does that mean..."

"Darn, someone beat us to it!"

"Friends, hurry!"

The knowledgeable Qi Condensation cultivators, like Li Fan, rushed into the volcano to seek opportunities.

But Li Fan, who had moved ahead of them, had already crossed the magma inside the volcano and reached the Tian Yang cave.

Passing through the battling puppets and Zhang Haobo, Li Fan scanned the area with his divine sense, trying to find any traces of He Zhenghao's remains.

However...

This place had witnessed several intense battles and was now in ruins.

The full power of the seventeen Nascent Soul puppets was truly terrifying.

The solid floor of the cave had been eroded as if it had been cut by a strange force. There were no complete bodies to be found, not to mention any storage rings.

Only some fragments of the ground remained.

Li Fan's heart skipped a beat as he saw the approaching cultivators. He couldn't afford to be too picky, so he decided to collect all these fragments in a hurry.

Then he charged deeper into the cave, attempting to find anything valuable.

Just at that moment, he suddenly heard a voice in the cave, a voice that sounded ancient and mechanical.

"Tian..."

Li Fan's figure hesitated as a sense of unease washed over him.

He looked towards the source of the voice and saw one of the puppets. These dark-red mechanical puppets, which had been suppressed by Zhang Haobo's "Dragon's Roar" all this time, seemed to be undergoing some kind of transformation.

Anger had built up within them.

Like a dormant volcano erupting all of a sudden.

Cracks began to appear on the puppets' bodies, revealing a slightly eerie blackness within.

"Yang..."

Seeing this, Zhang Haobo intensified the attack of his Divine Sea Swords.

From the looks of it, he still had reserves of strength even after the intense battle from before.

The puppets were still at a disadvantage, but Li Fan's unease grew stronger.

So, he decided to turn back against the flow of people.

"Soul..."

More and more cracks formed on the puppets, like shattered porcelain, breaking into countless tiny fragments.

The multitude of water swords in the air suddenly halted.

Zhang Haobo gazed in astonishment at the scene unfolding before him, completely dumbfounded.

"How is this possible?"

Not only Zhang Haobo, but all the cultivators present were shocked by this sight.

Their eyes darted back and forth between Zhang Haobo and the scattered fragments, filled with disbelief.

Was this puppet's toughness merely for show?

Or had Zhang Haobo hidden his true cultivation level, appearing to be a Qi Condensation cultivator on the surface but actually being a powerful expert who concealed his true strength?

Li Fan was equally stunned by this unexpected turn of events, coming to a halt in his tracks.

He stared at the scattered puppets, his thoughts racing.

Then, in the midst of the silence, all the fragments started to vibrate.

"Not..."

The mechanical sound resounded once more.

This time, it came from all the fragments combined.

Thousands of voices echoed simultaneously, resonating throughout the Tian Yang cave.

"Weaker..."

In a spine-chilling sound, these black and red fragments trembled as if they were living creatures, slowly moving and converging in one place.

In the midst of the faint, creaking sounds, these fragments slowly merged together.

"Than..."

Li Fan's sense of crisis peaked.

Suddenly, he accelerated and flew towards the exit of the cave.

As he passed by the dazed Zhang Haobo, he slightly altered his course and grabbed him.

"Fellow Daoist Zhang, run!"

To prevent any struggle, he immediately used the Insect Binding Technique to immobilize Zhang Haobo.

Still in a daze from watching the unusual behavior of the puppet fragments, Zhang Haobo felt a sudden loss of control in his body when he heard the voice. Startled, he heard the words spoken and felt somewhat relieved.

Looking towards the person, he noticed that they concealed their appearance, making it impossible to see their form.

However, with a single gesture, they could immobilize him completely, leaving no room for resistance.

Their strength...

Seemed unfathomable.

Zhang Haobo's heart shuddered as he allowed this mysterious individual to lead him through the magma, out of the volcano, and back to the seabed.

"Man..."

As the puppet fragments completed their reformation, a black giant hand, full of cracks, appeared in front of everyone.

A dazzling dark red light flowed through the cracks in the giant hand.

A mechanical and angry roar emanated from the giant hand.

"Tian, Yang's, Soul..."

"Not, Weaker, Than, Man..."

In the midst of a roar reminiscent of an ancient ferocious beast, the giant hand's five fingers clenched into a fist and struck forward.

Seeing this, Li Fan, who was escaping at high speed with Zhang Haobo, changed his expression and increased his speed.

A thunderous explosion resounded from the volcano.

Amidst the intense blast, thick smoke billowed into the sky.

In an instant, it erupted from the sea floor to the sea surface.

And then, into the sky.

After a moment of silence, an even more violent rumbling echoed from the seabed.

Rolling black clouds appeared from the depths of the sea, exploding and spreading in all directions.

Like a rampaging herd, they surged forward.

With each explosion, the range of the black clouds doubled.

From the smoke columns that pierced the heavens and earth, crimson streaks shot in all directions.

Li Fan ran all the way and finally brought Zhang Haobo to a safe area.

Looking back at the raging inferno, he couldn't help but shudder.

However, it seemed that all of this was just the beginning.

The heavens and earth trembled, and the entire Cong Yun Sea seemed to shake.

Like beacons being lit one after another, one underwater volcano after another erupted, starting from the Tian Yang cave!

In this world-annihilating scene, the roar of the puppets could overpower the eruption of the underwater volcanoes.

"Tian, Yang's, Soul!"

...

"Not, Weaker, Than, Man!"

...

A puppet that had been buried in the earth's veins for thousands of years, constantly absorbing the energy of the Earth's core, and tempering itself.

It tore apart the numerous mountains under the sea and stood up in the Cong Yun Sea.

Defying the heavens, it roared with pride!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 103: The Battle of Soul Transformation


The black clouds from the underwater volcanic eruption reached the sky, and countless red-hot stones streaked through the sky, splashing in all directions.

As the Tian Yang Puppet stood firm in the sea, it turned slightly, and its eyes emitted a sinister red light.

It headed in the direction of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, taking giant strides.

"Boom!"

With each step, it caused massive waves to rise a hundred meters high.

Despite appearing slow, it was incredibly fast, rapidly closing in on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Along the way, the tsunamis generated by its movements destroyed countless islands.

Suddenly, the Tian Yang Puppet's colossal body came to a halt.

The sky had abruptly darkened.

The Tian Yang Puppet gazed up, and above it, a massive mountain hung suspended in the air, several times larger than itself.

The mountain's bulk nearly occupied its entire field of vision, with glimpses of flora and fauna on its surface.

"Fellow Daoist, please stop!" A cold, slightly murderous voice echoed through the sky.

The mountain descended, pressing down toward the Tian Yang Puppet.

The Tian Yang Puppet's face displayed defiance, and it roared angrily. Its arms reached out.

They collided with the descending mountain.

A shockwave erupted from their point of impact.

Li Fan and Zhang Haobo, who were watching from a distance, were swept up by this shockwave, their bodies nearly uncontrollable like leaves in the wind.

Both of them had astonished expressions on their faces.

Shortly afterward, a series of explosions were heard.

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

...

Li Fan and Zhang Haobo focused on the descending mountain, where the Tian Yang Puppet's waist began to bend under the pressure. Its feet were directly embedded in the seabed, producing a continuous booming sound of impact.

"Tian..."

The red light on the puppet's body grew more intense, brighter than the midday sun.

"Yang..."

The Tian Yang Puppet looked up at the mountain it was supporting, its eyes filled with madness and unwillingness.

Creaking sounds continued as its hunched body gradually straightened.

The massive mountain was slowly lifted into the air.

"Hmph!"

Seeing that the Tian Yang Puppet remained unyielding, another cold snort echoed through the heavens and earth.

On the hanging mountain's peak, several mountain peaks of varying shapes began to emerge faintly.

They formed a mysterious formation, exuding an immense aura.

The weight of the descending mountain suddenly increased several times over.

The lower part of the Tian Yang Puppet, under this immense pressure, was pushed into the sea.

The surrounding seawater was pushed outward, creating a circle of massive waves that spread in all directions.

The eroded seabed was exposed as the collision continued, and the puppet's lower limbs were crushed bit by bit.

Soon, only the upper half of the Tian Yang Puppet remained, desperately struggling to support itself.

It seemed that the defeat was imminent.

"Soul..."

"Not weaker than humans..."

He continued to repeat these words, but after a few repetitions, the Tian Yang Puppet's head was all that remained.

At the base of the suspended mountain, it opened its eyes wide.

"Not weaker than humans!"

Its head suddenly exploded, transforming into molten lava.

Deep beneath the Cong Yun Sea, the subterranean fires erupted once more.

The countless magma and molten lava formed by the Tian Yang Puppet gathered together, creating a fiery figure.

This reconstituted Tian Yang Puppet, with flames surging and roiling on its body, resembled a fire dragon as it charged head-on toward the hanging mountain.

"Boom!"

The molten dragon burrowed through the base of the mountain.

Amid continuous explosions, cracks appeared one after another in the hanging mountain.

Finally, the fire dragon burst out from the bottom of the mountain, roaring into the sky.

After a moment, it transformed back into a human form.

Coldly gazing down at the shattered hanging mountain.

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

...

The colossal hanging mountain exploded into pieces.

Countless fragments fell like meteorites onto the black, lava-cooled seabed.

"Quite interesting. He truly lives up to being an heir of an ancient body transformation technique," the voice from the heavens and earth sounded once again, lacking the expected rage and instead filled with curiosity.

"With the foundation of a Golden Core, he has achieved such power after thousands of years..."

Above the Tian Yang Puppet, the illusory mountain peaks became more substantial.

As if provoked by the words "with the foundation of a Golden Core," the Tian Yang Puppet, not willing to be outdone, roared again and confronted the illusory mountain peaks.

"If you want to fight, let's change the location."

At this moment, a lazy female voice rang out.

The world suddenly darkened.

Li Fan and Zhang Haobo looked up, only to realize that the sun had disappeared from the sky.

It was as though a large hole had been torn in the sky, revealing a starry night.

The starlight fell lightly, landing on the Tian Yang Puppet.

"Roar!"

The puppet could only let out an angry roar before its massive form vanished.

"Good! Let's change the location and fight properly!"

The illusory mountain peaks also disappeared.

The ruptured sky gradually closed, and the stars began to vanish one by one.

The sun shone brightly, and the world remained serene and peaceful.

Only the nearly shattered fragments of the Cong Yun Sea in the vicinity bore witness to the earth-shattering battle that had just occurred.

"The two figures that appeared just now should be the Soul Transformation stage cultivators staged on the Ten Thousand Immortals Island."

"Their demeanor is truly awe-inspiring. It's something to aspire to."

Li Fan saw a Soul Transformation expert in action for the first time, and he couldn't help but feel his heart pounding with excitement.

When he came back to his senses and looked at Zhang Haobo, the latter was also lost in thought. His face displayed a long-lasting sense of amazement.

"It seems that the illusory realm created by the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art cannot compare to a firsthand experience. Otherwise, after witnessing the burning ocean, one wouldn't be so intimidated by the Soul Transformation battle," Li Fan pondered.

He released the Insect Binding Technique and asked, "How are you feeling, fellow Daoist Zhang?"

Startled, Zhang Haobo awakened from his daze.

He instantly activated the spiritual energy within him, and the twenty-four Sea Fixing Swords appeared around him in an instant.

"Hmm?" Li Fan tilted his head, looking at him.

Realizing what he had done, Zhang Haobo's aura stagnated, and he retracted his blue water sword.

With a somewhat embarrassed smile, he scratched his head and bowed respectfully to Li Fan. He said seriously, "Thank you, fellow Daoist, for saving my life."

Li Fan chuckled and waved his hand, "It's a trivial matter. Fellow Daoist Zhang, with your mid Qi Condensation stage cultivation, you were able to confront seventeen puppets on your own."

"The way you controlled water swords to suppress all the puppets was truly impressive!"

Zhang Haobo hastily shook his head, "I can't compare to your divine abilities."

Then, he looked up at the sky with a somewhat melancholic expression, "Originally, in just a little over a year, I rose from an ordinary mortal to the mid Qi Condensation stage. I was a bit self-satisfied. But today, after seeing true experts in action, I realized..."

"In their eyes, someone in the Qi Condensation stage is no different from an ant."

Li Fan comforted him, "Fellow Daoist Zhang, there's no need to be disheartened. With your talent, given time, you may well become one of these experts.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 104: Forgotten Catastrophes


Zhang Haobo forced a bitter smile and was about to say something when he suddenly stopped.

After a moment, he spoke again, "I don't know your name yet? I dare not forget the favor you've done today. I'll repay it in the future!"

Li Fan smiled and did not answer. He just clasped his hands and said, "We'll meet again if fate allows."

His figure turned into a thin line and quickly disappeared from view.

In the blink of an eye, he had vanished from Zhang Haobo's sight.

Zhang Haobo squinted, "Such incredible speed. That unknown technique is truly formidable if it can render me powerless. So mysterious, I wonder about the person's identity."

After a while, he sighed and thought, "It's a pity that no matter how many secrets they have, it won't make much difference."

Zhang Haobo tilted his head and looked up to the sky, "Heaven and earth have declared killing intent. The numerous beings in the Cong Yun Sea, regardless of cultivation level or wealth, have long been destined for death."

"That red-colored figure that burned the sea......

"A Nascent Soul cultivator is already so powerful, is it really possible to defeat him?"

Zhang Haobo was in a daze.

However, after some time, his gaze gradually became more resolute. "No matter what, I will do my best to stop it."

His resolve became solid once again, and he glanced at the ruins one last time before taking off.

Not long after Zhang Haobo left, Li Fan's hidden figure reappeared.

"It seems that he hasn't lost his fighting spirit. I was overly cautious," Li Fan nodded to himself.

After some consideration, he carefully returned to the original location of the Tian Yang Cave.

He wanted to see if any treasures had survived the recent battle. However, after searching for a while, all he found was the flowing lava and nothing else.

He couldn't help but sigh in disappointment, "It's a shame. I wonder if I can reproduce the 'Mountain Meditation Technique' from the fragments."

His thoughts were mixed as he returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

The location of the Tian Yang Cave had experienced a massive battle that day, and the news had obviously spread. Many cultivators were discussing the matter, but nobody knew what had really happened or how the towering puppet had appeared.

Various opinions were expressed, but no one had the full story.

Li Fan was certainly not going to share the details of the battle.

However, while passing by the cultivators and engaging in casual conversations, he suddenly had a thought.

"Considering the recent events and the destructive power displayed during battles between powerful cultivators, they must have drawn a lot of attention. After such an event, people would discuss it, and the topic would naturally come up in conversation."

"However, when it comes to the killing intent of the heavens and earth to harm cultivators, there have had to be previous disasters. But...”

"Whether in the previous life or this one, the conversations I had with many Qi Condensation cultivators never involved any mentions of major disasters that occurred before the Cong Yun Sea."

"This thinking made me develop a sort of cognitive gap. So, when Zhang Haobo first mentioned that there might be a disaster approaching, I didn't pay much attention to it."

"In my understanding, if a place frequently experiences disasters, the residents would at least occasionally mention it in their conversations. And when outsiders arrive, they should be warned."

"So, since none of the cultivators here ever talked about any disaster, there wouldn't have been any particularly significant disasters in the past.”

Therefore, in his past life, he had merely made an inquiry to the Tianxuan Mirror, and after receiving a negative answer, he quickly forgot about it.

However, was the burning sea the first time the heavens and earth formed killing intent against the cultivators in the Cong Yun Sea?

It was unlikely.

Everything follows a gradual process.

The heavens and the earth have malevolent intentions toward cultivators.

As the number of cultivators within the Cong Yun Sea gradually increases, and their cultivation levels rise, the heavens and the earth will begin killing them off.

At first, it should only be small-scale catastrophes.

Only when the number of cultivators reaches a limit is a final removal plan initiated.

The Heavenly Spirit appears, eradicating all living beings.

Li Fan deduced this because the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance in the Cong Yun Sea had already developed to such a large scale.

Would the murderous intent of the heavens and earth deliberately endure, waiting for cultivators to grow and silently bide their time?

Would it only launch a devastating strike when it couldn't tolerate them anymore?

With Li Fan's comprehension of the killing intent of the heavens and earth, it was obvious that this would not be the case.

The killing intent of the heavens and earth would always exist as long as there were cultivators.

In other words, in the past years, catastrophes must have been constantly recurring.

So what exactly led to all cultivators keeping silent about these disasters?

"Do they actively avoid mentioning them, or..."

"Were they... forgotten?"

Li Fan immediately returned to the Tianxuan Mirror and searched for keywords.

Historical calamities, catastrophes, killing intent of the heavens and earth.

The results sent shivers down Li Fan's spine.

None.

None.

None.

None.

No matter how Li Fan searched, the Tianxuan Mirror displayed no results.

After a while, Li Fan calmed down and took out a Communication Talisman, asking Yuwen Xing.

The response sent a chill down Li Fan's spine.

Yuwen Xing first denied any knowledge of previous catastrophes. Then, after repeated questions from Li Fan, he vaguely recalled that something might have happened, but he couldn't remember clearly.

He didn't think it was very important and had already forgotten about it.

Li Fan also asked several other older cultivators.

They were puzzled as to why Li Fan was asking such questions, but their answers were all similar to Yuwen Xing's.

It seemed like something had happened, but they couldn't remember.

Li Fan fell silent.

Couldn't remember?

Since when did Foundation Establishment cultivators become so forgetful?

Li Fan remembered his first encounter with a wind calamity when he arrived on Liuli Island. Even the ordinary people on the island would tell him about the scene of a more massive wind calamity that occurred over a decade ago.

Weren't cultivators supposed to have better memory than ordinary people?

Remembering disasters should make people more vigilant and help them survive future calamities more easily.

This was the proper reasoning.

But in the world now, this reasoning seems to have been forgotten.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 105: Paradise in Heaven and Earth


"Against the reasoning of heaven and earth..."

Li Fan began to speak slowly but only muttered the second half in his heart.

"To attain immortality!"

Since entering the world of cultivation, Li Fan had witnessed Nascent Soul cultivators move mountains, and he had seen the Dao Integration Realm Crimson Flame burn the sea. However, none of these could compare to this moment, where he glimpsed the awe-inspiring existence of the Immortal Ancestor within various signs that defied common sense.

Invisible and unnoticeable, this influence had an impact that was far more potent than mere destruction.

"I have only been unaffected by this power because the burning of the sea I remember belonged to a calamity that occurred in the future."

"Thus, I was able to perceive the influence of the Immortal Ancestor between the past and the present."

After a while, Li Fan slowly dispelled the fear that had suddenly come over him, caused by the realization that he was constantly living under the shadow of this great entity.

In the world of cultivation, Golden Core stage cultivators were generally called Lords, Nascent Soul stage cultivators were True Lords, Soul Transformation stage cultivators were True Monarchs, and those of the Dao Integration Realm were Immortal Sages.

The highest-level experts, such as the Immortal Ancestor, were referred to as the Immortal Venerables.

The Immortal Venerables in the world were mostly elusive figures. Specific details like their names were generally unknown to ordinary cultivators.

"It seems that under the influence of the Immortal Ancestor, all the cultivators in the world will gradually forget the disasters they once experienced. Or, not just disasters, it seems that any collective memory that would bring pain is under his influence."

"It seems that this world of cultivation is a paradise..."

Li Fan pondered slowly, and at the same time, he began to realize.

In this world, where the heavens and earth harbored so much malice toward cultivators and where the conflicts between immortals were so sharp, he had encountered cultivators like Kou Hong, Dao Xuanzi, He Zhenghao, and Yuwen Xing, who almost completely ignored the malice of the heavens and earth.

There were hardly any of the bitter or hateful types that would seek to destroy the heavens.

They all intentionally or unintentionally overlooked the malicious intent of the heavens and earth.

At most, they lamented the difficulty of the Dao of Immortality and were even cheerful...

It was highly probable that this was the work of that Immortal Ancestor.

Was it for the sake of allowing cultivators throughout the world to cultivate better?

Or did it serve some other purpose?

Li Fan had always been inclined to assume the worst possible motives of others.

...

Longevity was what Li Fan relentlessly pursued, the ultimate goal.

But at this moment, he was still far from his objective.

He had to stay grounded, steadily practicing step by step.

After recovering from the shock brought by the Immortal Ancestor's influence, Li Fan began to search for information on the Ancient Body Transformation Dao.

It was not some closely guarded secret, so it was easy to find relevant information.

The Ancient Body Transformation Dao was not taught by a sect that specialized in mechanical techniques.

Instead, its disciples all cultivated a special method known as "Mind Body Transformation."

They could place their mind, spirit, and thoughts onto external objects.

Once these were placed, they could not only control the object but also fully synchronize with the sensations of the object.

At the highest level of practice, they could abandon their own physical bodies and forever inhabit the object of their choosing.

The reason why it was so easy to find relevant information was not that this method was particularly powerful.

It was because...

In the Tianxuan Mirror, there were indeed many "splendid articles" that described male and female cultivators utilizing the Ancient Body Transformation Dao to engage in intimate activities with various peculiar objects.

The variety of methods made Li Fan marvel.

After browsing for a while, Li Fan shook his head and closed it.

"From this perspective, Lord Tian Yang probably planted the puppet in the depths of the sea's volcanic veins before his death and set up an arrangement. In the end, his soul and thoughts were placed in the puppet."

"Over thousands of years, the puppet incessantly absorbed the geothermal energy to grow. Meanwhile, Lord Tian Yang, once a mere Golden Core stage cultivator, turned into a formidable existence capable of fighting a True Monarch."

"Although it seems that he has lost his consciousness now and can only act instinctively."

"But he probably has no regrets."

"Throughout his life, Lord Tian Yang was no less than a person."

"At the very least, the statement "Tian Yang's soul isn't weak" isn't too far-fetched."

After reflecting on these matters, Li Fan began his closed-door cultivation.

Observing the battle of the Soul Transformation Realm had given him some insights.

He believed that he was not far from breaking through his current bottleneck.

As he had anticipated, it was indeed the case.

Like water flowing to its destined course, five days later, Li Fan felt that the spiritual energy within his body had reached saturation.

Both the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" and the "Sun Stealing Technique" had reached the late Qi Condensation stage simultaneously.

He had made no progress.

However, what pleasantly surprised Li Fan was that as soon as he touched the bottleneck this time, he faintly sensed the location of his opportunity.

Moreover, the path ahead would undoubtedly be fraught with danger and full of surprises.

After some preparations, Li Fan was about to set off.

But before he could leave, a profound insight suddenly surged into his mind.

It was the Li Fan's clone who had been in seclusion for a long time, finally emerging.

With two pieces of good news in a row, everything seemed to be going well. It made Li Fan feel like the heavens and the earth were on his side.

After calming down, Li Fan carefully pondered the abilities that the clone had comprehended this time.

All things in the world were interconnected.

Linked in a chain from life to death, controlled by the butterfly effect.

What Li Fan had comprehended, the "Life and Death Chain," could be described as an upgraded version of the "Formless Killing Intent."

By selecting a predetermined individual as the target of "death", he could backtrack through countless connections and sense the weakest and most fatal "life" chain.

By severing this vital connection, he could subtly drive the predetermined target towards death, unnoticed by either gods or ghosts.

The "Formless Killing Intent" required the target to be locked onto.

The target's strength could not surpass Li Fan too much, or else he would suffer a backlash.

And there was also the risk of being detected by the target.

In contrast, the "Life and Death Chain" was different. It only required knowledge of the target's existence.

It could almost ignore the difference in cultivation realms between them.

With sufficient information, even in the Qi Condensation stage, Li Fan could eliminate a Nascent Soul stage cultivator.

Take the case of the Tian Yang Cave as an example.

If Li Fan wanted to assassinate a Nascent Soul True Lord, he wouldn't have to take action himself. He would only need to trigger the "Life and Death Chain" retrace back through all possibilities of connections between him and the Tian Yang Cave.

From there, he would find the most suitable path.

He would subtly influence the Nascent Soul True Lord to have the idea of exploring the Tian Yang Cave.

As a result, the True Lord would perish within the cave.

While the "Life and Death Chain" was powerful, it also had certain conditions for activation.

It was necessary to determine the "death" chain in advance.

This meant that Li Fan needed to determine how the target would die before he could backtrack.

Moreover, this "method of death" had to be effective.

For example, if Li Fan decided that the Nascent Soul True Lord would accidentally lose control of his spiritual energy and fall from the sky during flight, leading to his death.

Indeed, such an outcome was possible.

However, the complexity of the required reverse derivation to bring about this result was beyond Li Fan's current capabilities.

As a result, the "Life and Death Chain" could not be activated.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 106: Li Fan’s Sudden Enlightenment


However, if it is set reasonably, say, the Nascent Soul True Lord was on a flight and encountered an enemy on the way. After a fierce battle, he was defeated and died.

In this way, after activating the Life and Death Chain, it would be possible to trace the conditions under which these two enemies met. Although it might take a long time for calculations, it would eventually succeed.

In summary, the more abundant the information, especially about the "death" link, the easier it would be to activate the Life and Death Chain. And Li Fan was fortunate enough to fully utilize the advantage of foresight through [Truth].

Therefore, transcending the Qi Condensation stage to kill Nascent Soul True Lords would become a feasible task. For example, Li Fan could lure a targeted Nascent Soul True Lord into the Cong Yun Sea during the burning of the sea. By harnessing the power of the Crimson Flame, he could assassinate the Nascent Soul True Lord.

"Identify the cause and effect, and kill without a trace." Li Fan couldn't help but exclaim, "What a fantastic ability."

What surprised Li Fan even more was that, besides the "Life and Death Chain," his doppelganger had also experienced another revelation, the "Heavenly Sight, Earthly Hearing" technique, which incorporated various insights Li Fan had about Qi and destiny, elevating the Life and Death Chain to a whole new level.

The fate of all things was under the watchful eye of heaven and earth. By observing the intertwining of Qi fluctuations and fate, one could perceive them from the perspective of heaven and earth.

In simpler terms, while the previous Formless Killing Intent could only vaguely lock onto the target's position, now, after comprehending the "Vision of Heaven and Earth," one could observe the target through the perspective of heaven and earth.

After figuring out the function of the Vision of Heaven and Earth, Li Fan was really overjoyed this time.

Even with his state of mind, he could not help but be secretly excited.

The surprises came one after another, even causing Li Fan to be a bit terrified. He experimented with the "Vision of Heaven and Earth" technique. His mind settled down, sensing the Formless Killing Intent that was locked onto Zhang Haobo.

A picture appeared in Li Fan's mind.

On top of the blue waves, Zhang Haobo stood in the void.

Twenty-four increasingly blue water swords were flying around him, forming some sort of arcane formation.

Like the stars of the circumference, they were constantly moving.

Water dragons were born in the water sword formation as it transformed.

Zhang Haobo pointed towards the sea in front of him, and the water dragons in the formation then flew out, dancing wildly in the sky.

"Explode!"

Zhang Haobo gave a low shout, and the group of water dragons exploded.

Each of the water dragons disintegrated into countless tiny water swords.

In an instant, the water swords were like a raging wind and rain, blasting into a large area in front of Zhang Haobo.

The surface of the sea was suddenly startled by countless water columns, which was spectacular.

And Zhang Haobo was tireless as the stars of blue light flew into his body.

He began to test the move once again.

...

Li Fan was almost mesmerized as he watched.

Because, with the perspective of heaven and earth, he saw more than just the scene on the surface.

The route of the aura in Zhang Haobo's body, the flow of the aura in each move, and even the method of operation of this strengthened version of the Water Dragon Breathing Formation were all unreservedly and clearly displayed in front of him.

Although there was still a considerable gap between watching and mastering, seeing so much would surely lead to understanding! In the blink of an eye, a flash of enlightenment pierced Li Fan's mind.

In the midst of his excitement, he exited the state of "Vision of Heaven and Earth" and stood up. He couldn't help but shout, "Today, I finally understand my path!"

What was Li Fan's path? Since the beginning of his cultivation, there had always been a question lingering in his mind. His innate talent was not great, and even expelling the miasma and condensing Qi was quite challenging. The later stages, such as Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, and even the path to Nascent Soul and beyond would certainly become increasingly perilous.

In the world, geniuses were abundant, some possessing astonishing comprehension abilities. They could easily comprehend various techniques and divine abilities.

Li Fan had wondered what he could use to compete with those exceptional individuals. If one day the gap between the two realms became too vast, even if he restarted endlessly, he might never breakthrough. What would he do then? Today, Li Fan had finally found his answer.

A unique path that belonged to him alone, impossible for others to replicate.

[Truth], "Mountain Meditation Technique," "Vision of Heaven and Earth."

"No matter how high their innate talent is, they are always under my gaze. Their lifetime of understanding belongs to me."

Li Fan gradually calmed his emotions and sat back down, speaking softly, "Even though there are many heroes in the world, they must all end up under my command."

Heroes were like carp swimming across a river, emerging year after year. Li Fan's path was to select the most outstanding among them. Gathering the best of the talented individuals and using them as pawns, he would derive extraordinary techniques from them.

He would gather the strengths of thousands and innovate further, forging his unique path. "The path is now established; the next step is to see how to arrange it."

Li Fan stated his path. At the same time, his doppelganger, Fan Lin, felt elated. Another wave of insight was transmitted, but it wasn't about a divine ability; it was information perceived during the enlightenment.

Through this enlightenment, Fan Lin understood that the previous cultivation world that existed before the Great Calamity had placed immense importance on enlightenment. Ancient cultivation emphasized comprehending the ways of the heavens. Some mortals could have sudden insights, advancing from Qi Condensation to Foundation Establishment in a single day, reaching Golden Core in three days, and forming the Nascent Soul in five days. There were even cases of people meditating for a hundred years, having a sudden revelation, and ascending to immortality in one step.

However, such individuals were exceedingly rare, with only a handful throughout the history of cultivation. Most people would use enlightenment to improve slightly within a lower realm or gain insight into certain divine abilities.

Nowadays, very few can achieve enlightenment.

"Peering into the laws of heaven and earth, seizing the essence of heaven and earth, and extracting the marrow of heaven and earth... If heaven doesn't give it to me, I'll take it myself."

"The Dao of enlightenment, the Dao of plundering heaven... but what is my Dao..." Li Fan muttered.

...

After comprehending these two divine abilities, Li Fan spent half a month consolidating his insights within the Tianxuan Mirror. Afterward, he decided to set off in search of an opportunity to breakthrough the bottleneck.

After comparing the location in his mind with the Cong Yun Sea's map, he realized that the place he had to go to this time was a peculiar island called Yin Yin Island. The island earned its strange name because it was devoid of ordinary people. Instead, it was inhabited solely by a cultivator known as Master Yin Yin.

Master Yin Yin's cultivation level was not high; he was only at the Foundation Establishment stage. However, he wasn't very interested in cultivation and preferred to study various eccentric things. Among the objects of his research, the most famous was the "Immortal-Mortal Miasma."

The experiment which involved extracting the Immortal-Mortal Miasma from Su Changyu's body and led to his death was his work. Due to this, many cultivators didn't hold him in high regard and preferred not to associate with him. So, he moved to a remote small island, where he could enjoy the peace and quiet.

How could the opportunity for his breakthrough be related to this person? Li Fan was somewhat curious and immediately set out for Yin Yin Island.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 107: Six-Headed Monstrosity


Yin Yin Island is located in the northeastern corner of the Cong Yun Sea. It took Li Fan over twenty days to arrive in the vicinity.

The island is not large and lacks any significant vegetation. There's a square building standing on the island.

From a distance, you can faintly hear the cries of human suffering carried by the sea breeze.

"Master Yin Yin, are you here?" Li Fan shouted loudly.

His voice spread across the entire island but received no response.

Li Fan patiently asked again, but all that echoed back was the mournful sea wind.

He asked one more time, still without a reply.

After pondering for a while, Li Fan felt that he was indeed in the right place for his opportunity.

With caution, he descended to the square building on the island.

The building appeared to be constructed from a dark blue stone-like material, and apart from a large entrance, it had no other doors or windows. The interior of the building was shrouded in darkness, so dark that it seemed to devour both light and divine perception. It was impossible to discern what was inside.

Only the intermittent cries emanated from within.

The place seemed eerie, and Li Fan had to be on high alert as he advanced.

Just as he was about to enter, he heard hurried footsteps approaching.

A small creature, like a little dog, sprinted out from inside the building, heading straight for Li Fan.

Thinking it was some kind of magical beast attack, Li Fan was about to strike it down. However, when his divine perception scanned it, he realized it was just an ordinary creature.

Not wanting to harm a pet from the owner of the house he was visiting, Li Fan extended his hand, picked it up by the neck, and set it aside.

The creature was taken by surprise, whimpering in fear and trembling.

With a thud, the item it had been carrying in its mouth dropped to the ground.

Examining the small creature closely, Li Fan couldn't help but shiver. It resembled a dog but had hands like those of a human. On the belly of the dog's body, five or six eye-like objects were moving about, blinking and gazing fixedly at Li Fan.

"What in the world is this?" Suppressing the urge to throw it away, Li Fan placed the creature behind him and proceeded cautiously into the darkness.

After a moment, when his eyes adjusted to the darkness, Li Fan observed an unexpected scene. Contrary to his imagination of a horrifying and eerie place, the interior was quite clean. The ground was spotless, with no signs of blood.

Scattered throughout the area were numerous transparent cages containing various bizarre creatures. They all appeared strange and were lying passively in their cages, displaying no signs of aggression.

It seemed that these cages were only transparent one way, as those inside couldn't see out.

Among these odd creatures, there were giant pythons with two heads that were entangled with each other, a creature resembling a large disk covered in squirming, wriggling maggots, and a being that appeared to be a fusion of two different species: a goat-headed turtle.

What most unsettled Li Fan was a monstrosity with six human heads joined together.

Two arms grew out of the top of each head, which held another head, and so on, while the lowest head had two tiny hands on the bottom as well. This "Six-Headed Monstrosity" had a vertical body posture, similar to a giant insect, and it crawled within the cage. During its movements, all six heads faced different directions, with blank, pale faces showing no emotions.

Li Fan hadn't encountered such a disgusting creature even in his most horrifying nightmares. Suppressing the discomfort he felt, he took just a brief look and hurriedly walked past it.

"I must find you, I must find you..."

Listening carefully, deep within the building, there seemed to be a low, murmured repetition.

Li Fan followed the voice and arrived at a massive rectangular transparent cage.

On either side were four small adjoining cages connected to this large rectangular one.

Each small cage contained a mortal with peculiar devices attached to their bodies. It appeared as though something was moving inside them, causing visible protrusions to move rapidly across their bodies.

With each movement of these protrusions, their flesh and blood rapidly decayed. However, as the protrusions shifted, some slowly regenerated, while others worsened. In an instant, a black abyss formed, revealing the white bones inside.

The experiences of these mortals were no less cruel than the most gruesome of executions. They writhed and cried out in agony. Some were left lifeless, reduced to mere piles of flesh and blood, still twitching uncontrollably.

At the front of the large rectangular transparent cage stood a figure. Li Fan gazed at the individual, whose hair was somewhat disheveled, streaked with black and white. His clothes were ragged and unkempt as if they hadn't been changed for many years.

"I must find you, I must find you..."

The figure, as if possessed, stared intently at the transparent cage in front, continuously muttering under his breath.

"Master Yin Yin?"

The individual had the cultivation of Foundation Establishment, and there was no one else around.

Li Fan, maintaining some distance, called out.

However, the figure showed no response, as if completely oblivious.

"Woof, woof, woof!"

Suddenly, the small dog-like creature that Li Fan was holding began to struggle and roar, seemingly seeking help from its master.

Awoken by the dog's barking, the figure, Master Yin Yin, turned abruptly.

Gazing at Li Fan, he suddenly realized, "Oh, there's a guest!"

"Oh, there's a guest!"

...

Two voices, one after the other, echoed within the figure as if reverberating within, and then they were projected outward.

Li Fan's eyelid twitched.

He released the dog and greeted with a bow, "Greetings, fellow Daoist!"

Once the small dog touched the ground, it rushed to Yin Yin's feet, eagerly seeking affection.

Yin Yin tidied his messy hair and seemed somewhat embarrassed, "I was deeply engrossed in my thoughts and didn't hear the calls of fellow Daoist. Please forgive me!"

The two voices, oddly one after another, sounded as Yin Yin addressed Li Fan warmly, "This isn't a suitable place for conversation. Please, this way, fellow cultivator."

Saying so, Yin Yin opened a door beside them, revealing an entrance to another room.

The small dog barked happily and followed suit.

Leading the way ahead, Yin Yin suddenly recalled something and turned back to say to Li Fan, "By the way, my name isn't Yin Yin."

"My name is Yin."

"My name is Yin."

...

But two voices, one after another, resounded again, sounding just like Yin Yin.

"So that's how it is," Li Fan suddenly realized.

Perhaps when the Cong Yun Sea cultivators referred to him as Yin Yin, it wasn't without a hint of mockery.

"Greetings, fellow Daoist Yin!" Li Fan greeted again.

Recognizing that his name had been called correctly, Master Yin was extremely pleased.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 108: A Single Rib


Beyond the small door, there were many exhibits.

Master Yin Yin enthusiastically introduced them to Li Fan, “This is a bone from the Vedic Fish. This species went extinct three thousand five hundred years ago. It took quite an effort to collect this bone. It is said that the Vedic Fish was exceptionally intelligent and could mimic human speech. Eating its flesh allowed people to understand the language of fish. Who knows if that’s true.”

They continued to a gigantic serpent that was lifelike, winding and stretching for over a kilometer.

Master Yin Yin excitedly said, “This is a Cong Yun Sea Serpent. Normally, they hide in the deep sea, burying themselves in the soil. I had to run across a large part of the Cong Yun Sea to catch one this long! Preparing it as a specimen was no small feat.”

Then, Master Yin Yin spoke mysteriously, “Based on my research, these sea serpents are not the true body. They harbor a mysterious parasitic creature inside them, a minuscule parasite that is extremely hard to detect, even by Foundation Establishment stage mental power. However, it’s this tiny parasite that controls the gigantic sea serpent! It’s truly unimaginable!”

...

As they moved forward, the wide array of exhibits widened Li Fan’s horizons.

Both of them stopped in front of two human skeletons placed side by side.

Master Yin Yin pointed to the two skeletons and asked with a hint of pride, “Fellow Daoist, do you notice anything different about these two human skeletons?”

“Different?” Li Fan swept his mental power over them and, at first glance, they seemed like ordinary human remains.

Both skeletons were of men, only varying in size.

But to ask if there was any essential difference...

Li Fan gazed at them for a while, then shook his head, saying, “I apologize, but I cannot see any differences.”

Master Yin Yin chuckled, “Don’t worry, I bet no other could perceive the differences between these two skeletons within the Cong Yun Sea except for me.”

Pointing at the two skeletons, Master Yin Yin moved closer to Li Fan, speaking in an extremely hushed tone, “These two individuals are not of the same kind of people.”

“Not of the same kind?” Li Fan was taken aback. “What do you mean?”

Master Yin Yin gestured with his hands for a while, brooding, as if he couldn’t find suitable words to describe the situation.

After a long while of contemplation, Master Yin Yin suddenly clenched his fist, his face filled with confusion, “It’s just a feeling, you know? Clearly, they’re both humans, but these two humans lived in different eras and regions. Perhaps they look almost identical, and both were dug out from the depths of the Cong Yun Sea by me, but there’s a profoundly unique boundary that distinguishes these two sets of remains...”

Master Yin Yin’s words were cryptic, and he couldn’t explain further.

Nor did he dwell on it, continuing forward.

They stopped in front of an empty display stand.

Master Yin Yin pointed to the vacant stand, his face pale, and his fingers trembling uncontrollably.

He tried to say something, but his lips moved without uttering a word.

“My... my treasure !” Master Yin Yin exclaimed in a panic.

The small dog following behind him whimpered, ears drooping.

It secretly glanced upward and quickly crouched at Master Yin Yin’s feet, trembling.

Seeing this, Li Fan realized something.

Therefore, he asked tentatively, “Fellow Daoist Master Yin Yin, when you mention your ‘treasure,’ you’re not referring to a bone, are you?”

Master Yin Yin was overjoyed and nodded repeatedly, “Yes, have you seen it?”

Li Fan looked peculiar, then led Master Yin Yin back to the entrance of the rectangular building.

Upon their arrival, the little human-dog rammed into Li Fan.

The object it had in its mouth fell to the ground. At that time, Li Fan glanced at it, thinking it was just a toy for the human-dog, so he didn’t bother to pick it up.

However, he didn’t expect that this bone was actually Master Yin Yin’s treasure.

Master Yin Yin carefully picked up the bone, wiping away the saliva on it, and looked at it with affection and tenderness, as if he were gazing at a lover in a dream.

The way he behaved gave Li Fan goosebumps.

Li Fan cleared his throat, trying to awaken Master Yin Yin from his trance.

He couldn’t help but ask, “Fellow Daoist Master Yin Yin, may I inquire about the origin of this bone that you hold in such high regard?”

Master Yin Yin gripped the bone in his hand, as if he were afraid of losing it again. He gazed at the bone and replied somewhat absentmindedly, “Oh, this, this is an extraordinary treasure. I’m willing to part with all my other collections, but this, it’s even more valuable than my life.”

Li Fan felt a chill as he listened. He became curious and gazed at Master Yin Yin inquiringly.

“I’m sure you’ve heard of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, fellow Daoist,” Master Yin Yin began.

“At first, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma only spread among ordinary humans and had no impact on us cultivators.”

“Later, an immortal cultivator, for no apparent reason, got infected, and it began spreading among us cultivators.”

Li Fan looked at the bone in Master Yin Yin’s hand, “Are you saying...”

“Yes, this rib bone belonged to the unfortunate first cultivator who got infected by the Immortal-Mortal Miasma.”

Master Yin Yin smiled foolishly and fondly caressed the rib bone.

However, he saw that Li Fan remained unexcited. He couldn’t help but feel surprised.

“How are you so unfazed by such a treasure? Don’t you understand its importance?”

Li Fan shook his head repeatedly.

“It’s a pity fellow Daoist cannot see its value.”

“The spread of Immortal-Mortal Miasma was one of the greatest events in history. Its effects on our world are only second to the Great Calamity itself.”

“How could a mere plague from common people infect immortal cultivators?”

“If we could understand the source of this anomaly, maybe we could eliminate the Immortal-Mortal Miasma at its root!”

“By then, I would be a prominent figure who will be remembered throughout the entire world of immortal cultivation!”

Master Yin Yin was momentarily lost in his own fantasies.

After a while, seeing Li Fan’s continued indifference, he sighed deeply, as if lamenting Li Fan’s ignorance.

“You might not know that each bone of this Su... Su something. What was his name? Either way, each of his bones is invaluable, with countless cultivators competing to obtain them.”

“I’m extremely lucky to have been able to seize this rib bone.”

“Of course, the most treasure one is his complete skull, stored in the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

Master Yin Yin indulged in his fantasies, and his mouth nearly watered.

Li Fan couldn’t understand this strange fascination and could only shake his head repeatedly.

At this moment, Master Yin Yin suddenly reacted, “Wait. I still don’t know the purpose of your sudden visit. What brings you here?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 109: All Transform Into Heavenly Treasures


After returning to the depths of the building and finding a place to sit, Li Fan explained his purpose to Master Yin.

"Oh? You want to know how to break through to the Foundation Establishment stage?" Master Yin suddenly became excited, and he began to explain energetically. "You've asked the right person! I dare say, no one understands Foundation Establishment better than I do!"

"Please, tell me more," Li Fan replied with a smile, not disputing Master Yin's claim.

At that moment, the human-hand dog walked over on its hind legs, carrying two cups, which it placed on the table. The cups contained a dark, viscous liquid, and it was unknown what was inside.

The human-hand dog then crouched down, continuously circling around Master Yin to seek praise.

"Please, have some tea!" Master Yin said to Li Fan while taking a sip. "This is a valuable brew, cultivated from a spiritual bacterial colony. When consumed, it multiples rapidly and enters symbiosis with the body, which can accelerate the circulation of spiritual energy in your body and enhance the power of your spiritual energy. It has many benefits."

Li Fan scanned the cup with his divine sense and saw countless tiny microorganisms inside, each with unique appearances.

He chose not to drink it and remained still.

Seeing Li Fan's reluctance to drink, Master Yin felt somewhat disappointed.

Without insisting, he continued the conversation, asking, "Do you know exactly what establishing the foundation means?"

Li Fan replied, "The so-called Foundation Establishment stage is exactly what the name implies. After a Qi Condensation cultivator reaches perfection, they need to establish their own foundation to continue their cultivation. Otherwise, even if their cultivation continues to increase, it's like building a hundred-foot tall building on top of sand. A gentle shake, and it will collapse."

When discussing academic matters, Master Yin appeared quite serious. He nodded and said, "That's right. Before the Great Calamity, there were some Qi Condensation cultivators who took a different path and chose not to establish their foundations. They focused solely on refining their Qi."

"They claimed that there was no limit to refining Qi, and that this path could eventually reach Dao Integration. However, they couldn't progress beyond the ninety-ninth layer of Qi Condensation. In the end, a Golden Core cultivator couldn't stand the sight and casually killed them."

"Perhaps their path was indeed feasible, but Qi Condensation cultivators have weak bodies and can't withstand such powerful forces. Second, even with more layers of Qi Condensation, it only results in physical strength. When it comes to fighting against Foundation Establishment or even higher level cultivators, they face many disadvantages."

Master Yin took a sip of tea and continued, "Ancient cultivators followed the principle of learning from nature, observing the laws and rules of the heavens and the earth and comprehending the principles of the Heavenly Dao."

"Then, by combining their personal insights and self-pondering, they formed the foundation of their future cultivation by making crude imitations."

"However, everyone's aptitude varies, and their comprehension abilities differ. The speed and compatibility with which they establish their foundations also vary greatly."

"Some individuals can experience a moment of enlightenment and immediately establish their foundations. But for the vast majority, it takes decades or even centuries of white hair and deep learning with no progress."

"Cultivation is undoubtedly difficult to achieve."

Master Yin sighed suddenly. "But that was the past."

"If we liken the rules of heaven and earth to a towering tree, then in the past, we cultivators were like tiny fairies residing among its branches, observing and learning from the leaves."

"It was too slow and too difficult."

"So, after the Immortal Ancestor passed down his teachings, we cultivators turned into greedy ants. We no longer cared about observing, learning, or emulating. We directly nibbled at the tree's branches and leaves, turning them into our sustenance."

"By doing so, our cultivation speed increased by countless times. Heavenly Treasures are like the branches and leaves of this great tree."

"Each Heavenly Treasure is the aggregation of the laws of heaven and earth in a particular aspect. Cultivators use these miraculous items as their Foundation Treasure and can bypass the process of self-comprehension, immediately forming their own foundation."

Li Fan nodded and said, "I remember 'Treatise on Heavenly Treasures' mentioning something similar."

"'Treatise on Heavenly Treasures'..." Master Yin sneered with a touch of disdain.

He continued, "If we are to say that Foundation Treasures are used to bypass the process of comprehending the heavens and the earth..."

"Then let me ask you this. Nowadays, there are cultivators with exceptional talents who don't need Foundation Treasures to comprehend these laws. Their profound understanding of the heavens and the earth would allow them to directly establish their foundation during ancient times. Can they still do it now?" Master Yin looked intently at Li Fan.

"Of course not. Establishing a foundation requires Foundation Treasures..." Li Fan began to speak but suddenly fell silent, as if he had remembered something.

"That's right. The way of cultivation has been completely changed," Master Yin said coldly. "In the past, cultivators comprehended the laws of the heavens and the earth, following the natural order."

"But after the Immortal Ancestor passed down his teachings, this natural order was reversed. Cultivators now have to go against the heavens, plundering the heavens and earth..."

Li Fan whispered, "Plunder the heavens and earth..."

"In order to attain immortality!" Master Yin continued.

"I don't know how cultivators attained immortality before the Great Calamity."

"But ever since the method of cultivation was changed, the only path to immortality is by going against the order of heaven and earth."

"The original founder of this teaching, the Immortal Ancestor, was the first to propose the theory and also the first to practice it."

"He defied all conventional principles of cultivation and attained immortality. From that moment on, he shared the same lifespan as the heavens and the earth, living freely."

"Since then, all cultivators have no choice but to follow his 'methods' in their cultivation. How overbearing!"

Master Yin's tone was intense, clearly dissatisfied with this Immortal Ancestor who passed down the new way of cultivation.

"Going your own path and then making all living beings follow that same path. How incredible." Li Fan mused, deeply moved.

He thought of the giant statue of an elderly man wearing a tall crown on the island of the Ten Thousand Immortals.

Majestic and overlooking all living beings.

"Could it be that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was founded by the Immortal Ancestor? But if this Immortal Ancestor is still alive, how could he have allowed the Crimson Flame to destroy the Ten Thousand Immortals Island a few years later?" Li Fan was filled with doubt.

Master Yin didn't pay attention to Li Fan and continued, "The key issue now is that since Foundation Establishment requires Foundation Treasures..."

"Then what are the Heavenly Treasures, exactly?"

"You've read 'Treatise on Heavenly Treasures.' You know that when cultivators fall, they are transformed by the heavens and the earth into Heavenly Treasures."

"Doesn't that mean that when cultivators are alive, they can also be seen as Heavenly Treasures that haven't been fully transformed yet?"

Master Yin spoke faster and faster, as if he wanted to share all the years of research that no one had paid attention to.

"The heavens and the earth are like a crucible, and the finished product is the formed Heavenly Treasures. But everything in the heavens and the earth can be seen as unformed Heavenly Treasures!"

"Heavenly Treasures are aggregations of rules, and aren't humans the same? The human body is so intricate, containing endless mysteries. Why can't it be seen as a Heavenly Treasure?"

"Do you also know that some cultivators will refine ordinary people with extraordinary abilities into Heavenly Treasures to use them as their Foundation? In this way, the abilities of those ordinary people become their own."

"I am also a human, so am I a Heavenly Treasure?"

Seeing Master Yin's increasingly absurd statements, Li Fan couldn't help but ask, "Is this your speculation, or..."

Master Yin grinned and said, "It used to be a speculation, but now..."

"I've confirmed it."

With that, his entire body split along the center line, and another face of Master Yin emerged from within.

"Ten years ago, I used myself as a Heavenly Treasure to establish my foundation!"

Both faces, inside and outside, spoke in unison.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 110: Building the Foundation with Myself


No wonder Master Yin had two voices when he spoke, one normally and another echoing. It turned out that he had another "him" inside his body!

This eerie scene left Li Fan astonished. Fortunately, Master Yin seemed to realize that his original appearance was somewhat terrifying. After only displaying it briefly, he closed his body again and returned to his original form.

He continued, "I used myself as an experiment to confirm my hypothesis. Anything existing in the world can be seen as unformed 'Heavenly Treasures.'"

"I call this process 'Heavenly Transformation'."

"However, if you want to establish your Foundation with unformed 'Heavenly Treasures,' you need to complete the uncompleted 'Heavenly Transformation' process yourself."

"This is extremely difficult. Once you fail, it might lead to instant death. Even if you barely survive, your body will undergo various bizarre changes."

"Just like my current appearance." Master Yin grinned.

Li Fan couldn't help but ask, "Didn't you say you successfully built your foundation?"

"I did succeed, but not completely. I still didn't fully understand myself, which caused me to fail at the final moment of establishing the foundation," Master Yin regretfully replied.

"If I had a few more chances... No, just one more chance would suffice. I'm certain I could achieve a perfect 'Self Foundation'."

"Self Foundation?" Li Fan's curiosity was piqued. "What if you succeeded in establishing the foundation with yourself?"

Master Yin's eyes lit up, "That's equivalent to harnessing the power of the heaven and earth's furnace to reshape your body. And this body would be the most perfect constitution one could imagine."

"The most suitable Heavenly Treasure is the best Foundation Treasure. Nowadays, when cultivators establish their foundations, they often need to find Heavenly Treasures that are compatible with themselves to maximize the objects' power."

"But, no matter the level of Heavenly Treasures, not even the legendary 'Celestial Treasure,' they all pale in comparison to 'Self Foundation.'"

"Think about it. What's better suited to you than yourself?"

"Your foundation perfectly aligns with yourself, and all cultivation and techniques become second nature."

Seeing Master Yin getting more and more excited, Li Fan couldn't help but interrupt. "Are these just your speculations?"

Master Yin hesitated, then shook his head, "Although I only completed half of the 'Self Foundation' process, I can clearly feel that I've improved in various aspects compared to before. This includes my aptitude in cultivation, understanding of techniques, affinity with spiritual energy, and even the agility of my thoughts."

"It's beyond comparison to before!"

Li Fan wanted to know more and asked, "So, how high is the success rate for 'Self Foundation'?"

Master Yin explained, "I almost succeeded in one attempt, so the success rate must be quite high. You must believe me, my friend! I've dissected hundreds of Foundation Establishment cultivators' bodies, researching for decades to come to this conclusion. It can't be wrong."

Li Fan replied, "Yes, I'll definitely give it a try... wait, you mentioned that you've dissected hundreds of foundation cultivators' bodies?"

Master Yin thought for a moment, but then his gaze turned blank. "From where did I obtain so many bodies? This is strange; I can't seem to recall."

Li Fan had an idea and quickly said, "It's not important. If you can't remember, just let it be."

Master Yin nodded in agreement. "You're right."

"Thank you for clearing up my doubts. Now that my doubts are gone, I won't bother you any longer."

Just now, when Li Fan heard Master Yin say that "everything in the world can be seen as unformed 'Heavenly Treasures,'" he had a sudden realization, and the bottleneck that had been plaguing him disappeared.

"As long as I have the Heavenly Treasures from heaven and earth in hand, I can immediately start establishing the foundation."

Now that his purpose had been achieved, Li Fan had no desire to linger in this place any longer.

Even though Master Yin might not necessarily have any ill intentions, the atmosphere in this place was uncomfortable.

So, Li Fan chose to take his leave without hesitation.

Master Yin tried to persuade him to stay, but Li Fan declined.

"Fellow Daoist, remember to give my 'Self Foundation' method a try!" Before parting, Master Yin earnestly requested.

Li Fan agreed multiple times, then took flight and left.

For a long time, as he watched Li Fan's departing figure, Master Yin muttered, "You must try it; I really wasn't lying."

After a while, he fell into silence once again.

He turned and returned to the enormous rectangular transparent cage.

All the ordinary people in the four corners had turned into a puddle of flesh and blood, with none of them surviving.

"What a pity, not a single one made it through," he said with a hint of regret.

"There aren't many test subjects left. It looks like I'll have to go out again."

In the four cages, the people who had turned into blood and flesh were removed with a creaking sound.

A new batch of test subjects appeared in the cages.

The agonizing wails began once more.

Master Yin was already accustomed to this, his face showing no sign of strangeness.

He stared intently at the rectangular transparent cage, holding the white rib in his hand tightly.

In a tone that almost sounded pathological, he whispered, "Rest assured, I will avenge you. I will find the person who created the Immortal-Mortal Miasma and avenge you..."

...

"I must find you, I must find you..."

Master Yin's murmurs echoed once more in this eerie building.

...

Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Back in the Heavenly Profound Mirror, Li Fan began searching for "Self Foundation."

It was not considered a well-kept secret at all.

All cultivators treated it as a joke and never believed it.

Because anyone who believed in this would end up dead when trying to establish their foundation.

"Self Foundation..." Li Fan naturally wouldn't fully believe the words of Master Yin. But at least there was one statement that seemed reasonable: "Everything in the world can be seen as unformed Heavenly Treasures."

Li Fan believed that this statement should have no issues.

Then naturally, he had to question the nature of his reincarnations.

Is [Truth] truly a Heavenly Treasure from heaven and earth?

Could he use [Truth] to establish his foundation?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 111: No Chapter


TL Note: Chapter 111 was a short author note about them publishing officially and thanking their readers, which is why it was skipped.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 112: Blue Wind


TL Note: Chapter 111 was a short author note about them publishing officially and thanking their readers, which is why it was skipped.

*****

What exactly is [Truth]? Since awakening to [Truth], this question has been deeply buried in Li Fan's heart.

Was it an ability that awakened within himself as he traversed into this world, or was it a rare treasure hidden within his body?

At certain moments, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sense of fear. What if, one day, he suddenly lost [Truth]? Or in a moment that required turning reality into an illusion, what if [Truth] malfunctioned?

When he first read "Treatise on Heavenly Treasures," Li Fan had also doubted whether [Truth] was a type of Heavenly Treasure from heaven and earth. Could he use it to build his foundation?

Now, after hearing Master Yin's words, Li Fan was somewhat convinced that he could indeed use [Truth] to build his foundation.

However...

Not now.

As his final trump card, Li Fan couldn't rashly attempt it without a certain degree of certainty.

If building the foundation using [Truth] was considered a problem to solve, Li Fan currently didn't even have the qualification to participate in the discussion. After all, he hadn't fully grasped what building the foundation entailed.

Thankfully, in this era, most problems could be solved with money.

Fan Lin started searching for knowledge related to building the foundation.

"The Fundamentals of Foundation Establishment," "Heaven, Earth, and Humanity," and "Records of a Hundred Individual Foundations"... one by one, relevant works were exchanged and read.

Li Fan gradually gained a general understanding of foundation establishment.

Use the "Devouring Technique" to ingest Heavenly Treasure into the dantian.

The Roots of Heaven and Earth would take root there.

Using Heavenly Treasures as the soil and nurturing them, absorbing the contained laws, and eventually cultivating the fruit called the Foundation Treasure.

Heavenly Treasures were divided into three categories: Celestial Treasures, Earthly Treasures, and Human Treasures.

Among them, building the foundation with Human Treasures was the easiest. Human Treasures were usually the remnants of fallen cultivators and contained the cultivators' understandings of the laws from their lifetime. In the process of building the foundation, it was akin to having a constant teacher guiding and instructing.

On the other hand, Earthly and Celestial Treasures were closer to the laws of the great Dao. With no reference from other cultivators, it took more time and effort to comprehend the various rules within the Heavenly Treasures and convert them into one's own Foundation Treasure.

However, the advantage of using Heavenly Treasures to build the foundation was that it could not fail. It was similar to when one condensed the Roots of Heaven and Earth during a breakthrough in the Qi-refining stage, forcefully extracting spiritual energy. This method of building the foundation emphasized "stability."

"If I were to compare pre-ancient calamity foundation establishment to a closed-book exam, then today's foundation establishment would be an open-book exam. The answers are right in front of you, and the difference lies in how quickly and accurately you can copy them," Li Fan contemplated silently.

"The rarer the Heavenly Treasure, the higher the difficulty of the 'exam.' When the difficulty is so high that you can't even understand what the question is asking, let alone answer it, you have a problem."

"In that case, even if I want to use [Truth] to build the foundation in the short term, it's practically impossible."

"But, if I gradually improve my understanding of the laws during successive foundation establishment attempts and then try it again, there might be a chance."

"As for 'Self Foundation'..."

"Ten years in the past, I can let Master Yin try it for himself first."

Li Fan made a plan for his future cultivation.

Currently, his avatar was still present, but the remains of the deceased cultivators from the Tian Yang Cave had yet to be used.

His avatar, Fan Lin, continued to explore the secrets within the Tianxuan Mirror. He also exchanged and read some foundation establishment techniques, accumulating knowledge for the future integration of several techniques.

As for his main body, Li Fan intended to wait until the Canghai Pearl appeared to use it for foundation establishment.

In his previous life, he had turned into the Canghai Sea and comprehended the laws of heaven and earth through the consciousness of the Cong Yun Sea. He had an extraordinary affinity with the Canghai Pearl.

Using it for foundation establishment would certainly yield great results.

Now, about thirteen years had already passed, and there were only about seven or eight years left until the appearance of the Canghai Pearl. He could afford to wait.

Furthermore, during this time, he could work on understanding the way of foundation establishment.

He activated the Formless Killing Intent and the Vision of Heaven and Earth.

The images in his mind gradually became clearer.

In the midst of a raging storm, Zhang Haobo floated like a kite with a broken string, soaring with the wind. He didn't care about the turbulent waves or the raindrops pelting him, letting them strike him freely.

Li Fan observed Zhang Haobo and noted, "It's been almost three months since I last saw him, and now he's in the later stages of Qi Condensation..."

"His eyes are tightly closed, no signs of breathing, and his spiritual energy has fallen silent."

"What is he comprehending?"

Li Fan also watched the storm raging around them. Perhaps it was an illusion, but in the dim and gloomy sky, a streak of blue light flashed briefly.

"What was that..."

When Li Fan looked again, he couldn't see it anymore.

The brief glimpse of that astonishing sight seemed like a mere illusion.

"Blue..."

With the power of Vision of Heaven and Earth, Li Fan didn't believe he was mistaken.

He suddenly recalled the continuous wind disasters that had raged through the Cong Yun Sea for years. He had previously searched for information about the wind disasters in the Tianxuan Mirror, but it appeared that these wind disasters had little to no impact on cultivators. There were no records of them.

Now, he understood that this was likely manipulated.

Li Fan recalled that in his previous life, shortly before he arrived at Cong Yun Sea, a massive wind disaster had occurred. Over a hundred islands were destroyed. Over the following years, the scale and frequency of the wind disasters gradually diminished until the advent of the Crimson Flame.

"There might be some hidden secrets in this. It's just not the right time to investigate..." Li Fan noted it in his mind.

He shifted his attention back to Zhang Haobo, who was still in the midst of enlightenment.

Li Fan couldn't discern anything, and the torrential storm seemed endless, with no sign of stopping.

So, he had to keep a fraction of his attention on Zhang Haobo's situation.

Most of his attention returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

"It's obviously not effective to focus on a single person. I need to cast a wider net. I haven't tried it yet, and the Formless Killing Intent can at most lock onto a few individuals."

"Hmm, I should find some cultivators who are about to build their foundations to conduct experiments."

When it came to gathering information, Li Fan thought of Jiao Xiuyuan. Although he was greedy and fearful, his information was usually reliable. Li Fan had been a regular customer of his for some time.

Hiding his presence and taking a familiar route, Li Fan arrived outside Thousand Mile Hall.

Before he could enter, he heard Jiao Xiuyuan's voice from a distance, "I've obtained all your stuff, so when are you coming to pick them up? I've reminded you several times, haven't I?"

"Don't give me those ridiculous excuses that you can't come. I think you just don't want them!"

"Hello? Hello!"

"Damn it!"

When Li Fan entered the room, he saw Jiao Xiuyuan's frustrated expression as he slammed a small cauldron onto the table.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 113: The Medicine King Sect from Ancient Times


"Fellow Daoist Jiao, have you taken on another losing business?" Li Fan teased.

Upon seeing a guest, Jiao Xiuyuan immediately changed his angry expression to a smile. However, when he heard Li Fan's taunt, his face darkened.

He replied sheepishly, "Fellow Daoist, you're mistaken. Jiao never engages in losing deals."

Then, he muttered through gritted teeth, "This brat dared to play me. He thinks I'm an easy target..."

Li Fan seemed to have heard Jiao Xiuyuan say this more than once, so he just smiled without saying anything.

Li Fan looked at the small cauldron on the table and asked, "Fellow Daoist Jiao, what is this small cauldron?"

Jiao Xiuyuan's eyes lit up, and he immediately gave an enthusiastic introduction, "This small cauldron is quite extraordinary. I obtained it with great difficulty from the remnants of a ruined sect."

Li Fan became interested and asked, "Oh? What is the use of this small cauldron? Objects that have survived from ancient times are usually not ordinary."

"Do you know the famous Medicine King Sect?" Jiao Xiuyuan asked mysteriously.

"I've never heard of it," Li Fan shook his head.

Jiao Xiuyuan's smile froze for a moment, but he was a professional and quickly provided an explanation to Li Fan.

"The Medicine King Sect was one of the renowned sects from ancient times, known for their expertise in alchemy and herbal cultivation."

"It is said that after the Immortal Ancestor passed down his teachings but before the impending Great Calamity, the Medicine King Sect's patriarch, Liu Ruchen, had a premonition that a great change was coming to the world."

"As a result, Liu Ruchen led the entire Medicine King Sect, using his own Medicine King Cauldron as their vessel, to break through the void and leave this world."

Li Fan heard this story for the first time and inquired, "Break through the void? Where did they go?"

Jiao Xiuyuan shrugged and said, "It's a story from thousands of years ago. Who can really know for sure? They might have gone to the peripheral independent worlds, or they might have reached an entirely new world. In any case, that's not the key."

"The key is this cauldron!"

Li Fan nodded slightly, while his secondary self, Fan Lin, began searching for the keyword "world."

Relevant information quickly appeared, indicating that long ago, cultivators had already established their basic worldview. The current world of cultivation was not the only existing world. Apart from this world, there were many other attached small worlds and miniature independent realms.

Beyond the boundless void, there were other worlds similar to our own.

Before the Great Calamity, the ancient and prosperous world of cultivation had extensive communication and interaction with these other worlds. Cultivators of that era referred to themselves as "Xuanhuang Realm Cultivators."

...

Li Fan paused for a moment.

"Xuanhuang..."

His thoughts swirled as he continued reading.

However, for some reason, this connection and communication abruptly ceased at some point. There were cultivators who tried to traverse the void and explore other worlds they had previously communicated with, but none of them ever returned.

Later, the Great Calamity arrived, bringing unprecedented changes. The Xuanhuang Realm seemed to "self-isolate."

Attempting to break through the void and leave this world became exponentially more challenging.

It wasn't until hundreds of years had passed after the end of the slaughter and a new order was established that some new cultivators attempted to reestablish contact with other worlds.

However, over these years, they had found nothing.

Nevertheless, it appeared that research in this area had always been ongoing and had not been abandoned.

...

"I see, the Xuanhuang Realm," Li Fan mused.

"Could it be that the Cleansing Heart Mantra [1] was passed down from ancient times? But back then, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma had not appeared, so the timeline doesn't seem to match," Li Fan pondered.

There were no clear written records of what exactly happened during ancient times, even within the Tianxuan Mirror. What was certain was that many cultivators from that era were still alive today, such as the white-haired elder Li Fan had encountered. However, they all seemed to maintain a unanimous silence on this matter, enveloping that period of history in mystery and ambiguity.

Current cultivators could only rely on hearsay and rumors to gain some insight into the events of ancient times, as initially explained by Kou Hong. According to this narrative, the Great Calamity had occurred, and it was followed by the Immortal-Mortal Miasma.

However, later, Li Fan found the tomb of Yi Xing, an outer disciple of the Tai Yan Sect. According to the descriptions on the tomb's murals, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma had already spread during the time of the Tai Yan Sect, so it seemed to contradict Kou Hong's account.

Li Fan, on the other hand, had more faith in the archaeological evidence he'd gathered. According to Kou Hong's explanation, there seemed to have been some time between the prohibition of cultivators practicing the same technique and the complete outbreak of carnage.

Perhaps this period was longer than he had initially thought. In his view, the cultivators at the time had surely realized the consequences of cultivation techniques not being able to be practiced together and had taken various measures to save themselves.

The collapse of order wasn't an instantaneous event. The ancient world of cultivation might have been more resilient than he had imagined. Moreover, the time scale of cultivators, compared to ordinary people, was much larger.

During ancient times, cultivators had long lifespans. For them, ten or twenty years might have been nothing more than a single period of seclusion.

Real fear, despair, and bloodshed might have erupted only when their cultivation reached a point where they could no longer advance, and their lifespans were running out.

In the beginning, some semblance of order might have been maintained, but as the Immortal-Mortal Miasma broke out...

Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

Of course, these were just speculations based on various known clues. The truth might still have some hidden aspects, but overall, it probably didn't differ too much from Li Fan's conjecture.

...

While Li Fan was lost in thought, Jiao Xiuyuan noticed that he hadn't received a response after explaining all that.

So, he held up the small cauldron in front of Li Fan's eyes.

"Fellow Daoist, what do you think? Do you want this Medicine King Cauldron?"

Li Fan immediately snapped out of his reverie, his expression unchanged. "What exactly is the use of this small cauldron, fellow Daoist Jiao? Please explain it again. I was thinking about something else just now."

Jiao Xiuyuan, somewhat helpless, repeated his introduction. "This small Medicine King Cauldron was used by the disciples of the Medicine King Sect to cultivate various spirit plants and herbs."

"It contains its own space, which continuously generates wood-attribute spiritual energy, accelerating the growth of herbs."

Li Fan frowned upon hearing this. "With such a treasure, why didn't that person want it just now?"

Jiao Xiuyuan gave an awkward smile and didn't lie. He truthfully explained, "Fellow Daoist, you might not know, but they have already put the first batch of spiritual plants and herbs cultivated in the newly discovered wood-attribute spiritual energy subworld of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance on the market."

"The quantity is enormous, so..."

Jiao Xiuyuan shrugged helplessly.

"The prices have plummeted."

*****

[1] TL Note: I believe the Cleansing Heart Mantra includes the pinyin for Xuanhuang in its Chinese name, which is why Li Fan makes this connection. I'm not entirely sure though - if anybody here speaks Chinese, here's the name: 玄黄清心咒.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 114: Rain and Wind Enlightenment


"With the large-scale, bulk supply of these spirit plants and herbs, the market prices for them have been dropping continuously. There are even rumors that there are two more similar-sized spirit energy subworlds near that wood-element spirit energy subworld," Jiao Xiuyuan shook his head, sighing.

"Just think about it. After working hard to cultivate these spirit plants and herbs for more than half a year, you excitedly harvest them, thinking they'll sell at a good price. But when you get to the market, you find they've all dropped to dirt cheap prices, and you can't even recover your production costs."

"Who can endure this situation?"

"In times like these, who is willing to grow their own? It's better to buy in the market!"

Li Fan nodded, saying, "I see now. So, this little Medicine King Cauldron is useless to me."

"Don't buy, don't buy!" Li Fan replied impatiently.

Jiao Xiuyuan continued to persuade, "Please reconsider, friend. While it's true that the prices for spirit plants and herbs have dropped now, what about the future? Will they go up again? No one knows for sure!"

"Treasures like the little Medicine King Cauldron are rare to come by! You'd regret it if you miss it!"

"Even if you don't cultivate herbs, you can grow some flowers and plants as decoration!"

Jiao Xiuyuan made full use of his eloquence to convince him.

"Well, since you put it that way." Li Fan seemed to be swaying.

Jiao Xiuyuan continued to push, "I see, my friend, you must be a long-time customer of Thousand Mile Hall. Today, I'll sell this to you at a big loss. Buy one, get one free!"

Saying that, he took out another small cauldron, and with a thud, placed it on the table.

Li Fan looked at the nearly identical two cauldrons, raising an eyebrow in doubt. "Fellow Daoist, are you trying to deceive me? Is this little Medicine King Cauldron truly something you excavated from the Medicine King Sect's ruins?"

Jiao Xiuyuan was anxious. He did not lie; he explained, "This is guaranteed authentic! Our Thousand Mile Hall's business spans across the world of cultivation, and we would never tarnish our reputation."

"Look, there's still dirt on it!"

Jiao Xiuyuan patted both cauldrons, making bits of soil fall off.

"500 contribution points, buy one, get one free! Fellow Daoist, you're absolutely not losing out in this deal!"

Seeing Jiao Xiuyuan's heartfelt guarantee, Li Fan contemplated for a moment and then shook his head, saying, "Never mind, I don't have many contribution points with me to begin with. I have other matters to attend to this time, and I don't have spare money to buy this little Medicine King Cauldron."

Jiao Xiuyuan continued to persuade, "Don't hurry. Think about it again. Even though the prices of spirit plants and herbs have dropped now, who knows if they'll rise again in the future? This little Medicine King Cauldron is a treasure. Once it's gone, you won't find another one!"

Seeing Jiao Xiuyuan patting his chest in assurance, Li Fan pondered for a moment, but still shook his head, "Forget it, I don't have many contribution points on me in the first place. This time, I have other things to do. There's no money left over to buy this little Medicine King Cauldron!"

"Don't, tell me what's going on! I'll help you out. At least you are my old customer, don't you think so?" Seeing that Li Fan had changed his attention, Jiao Xiuyuan was anxious again.

Only then did Li Fan explain his intentions.

"If you're looking for a place with a high concentration of Foundation Establishment stage cultivators, then if you buy these two little Medicine King Cauldrons, I'll give you the information as a free gift!"

"Alright, since you put it that way." Li Fan had no choice and immediately took out five high-grade spirit stones he had prepared earlier and handed them over.

"Good decision!" Jiao Xiuyuan seemed afraid that Li Fan would regret it and quickly took the spirit stones. He then took out a blank jade slip, holding it in his hand. After a while, he handed the jade slip and the two cauldrons to Li Fan.

Li Fan stored the little Medicine King Cauldrons and looked through the contents of the jade slip.

"Foundation Establishment Grandmaster? Sounds interesting." With his goal achieved, Li Fan prepared to head directly to the location of his target.

As for the two little Medicine King Cauldrons, they were bought on a whim. Jiao Xiuyuan's rationale was logical, and who knew if they would come in handy later?

After taking a few steps, Li Fan suddenly remembered something. He turned around and looked at Jiao Xiuyuan thoughtfully. Afterward, he left quietly.

Jiao Xiuyuan didn't pay much attention to Li Fan's actions and mumbled to himself, "I worked hard to dig up thirty-six cauldrons, spending so much effort, and I only sold ten. Damn, I'm so unlucky..."

...

Southeastern waters of the Cong Yun Sea.

This sea area was quite spacious. Except for a nameless small island in the center, there were no other islands within a radius of thousands of miles. The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster Jiao Xiuyuan mentioned was on this island.

Although this individual only had a Foundation Establishment stage cultivation, they were said to have a deep understanding of the Foundation Establishment process and could help reduce the time required for cultivation.

Many cultivators came to seek their advice with the intention of trying it out. However, cultivators had their pride and usually didn't admit that they had relied on someone else's help for their Foundation Establishment success. So, it was rare for others to mention it.

The reputation of this Foundation Establishment Grandmaster was only spread within a specific circle of people.

As Li Fan was rushing towards the island where the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster was located, he received feedback from the strand of spiritual sense he had left with Zhang Haobo.

Li Fan's spiritual sense moved, and his attention returned to Zhang Haobo. At this moment, the storm was gradually dispersing, and the sky had cleared up.

"Wind..." Zhang Haobo opened his eyes and muttered softly, his eyes seeming to gather a storm.

A gentle breeze swept by.

"Rain..." Zhang Haobo spoke softly again, and the drizzling raindrops began to fall from the sky.

"Wind and rain combined..." Zhang Haobo's eyes flickered, and he said in a low voice.

A cool breeze blew, and the rain intensified gradually.

Raindrops fell from the sky like a string of pearls breaking free.

Rain fell as the wind rose.

The sound of the wind grew louder and stronger. It pushed the rain to become heavier.

Gradually, clouds from all directions were drawn towards the west, as if they were going to condense into thick dark clouds.

Bringing another sudden downpour.

Fierce winds stirred up raging waves that continuously surged, showing signs of growing intensity.

Rain rode on the wind, and the wind amplified the rain's power.

In this cycle, they continually reinforced each other, as if it would never end.

It seemed that a new storm was about to form in the sky.

But suddenly, the clouds dissipated.

The wind ceased abruptly.

The strange phenomenon vanished without a trace.

Zhang Haobo laughed loudly, and then he slumped back as if losing his strength.

He fell from the sky into the sea, creating large splashes of water.

He sank into the depths of the sea, his presence entirely disappearing.

...

"Wind and rain combined..." Watching and listening to everything through Vision of Heaven and Earth, Li Fan couldn't help but admire.

Even though this magical technique couldn't be fully displayed due to Zhang Haobo's exhaustion, Li Fan could glimpse the formidable power it would have when perfected.

"I hope you can bring me more surprises in the future."

Returning his focus to his main body, Li Fan continued on his way to the destination.

Three days later.

The island where the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster was located was now clearly visible.

There appeared to be only one courtyard-like structure on the island.

Li Fan reduced his flight speed and slowly descended in front of the small courtyard.

The main gate was wide open, and a listless young man was leaning against it.

He glanced at Li Fan and lazily said, "When the Grandmaster makes a move, he guarantees that you'll achieve Foundation Establishment, with no deception."

"You need to bring your own Heavenly Treasures."

"The price is 2,000 contribution points or the equivalent in spiritual stones."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 115: Foundation Establishment Grandmaster


"I am Li Fan. May I know your name?" Li Fan asked politely.

The young man suddenly perked up when he heard this. "What a coincidence, fellow clan member. I'm Li Chenfeng."

"By the way, there's an entrance fee of 1800 contribution points when you enter," Li Chenfeng whispered.

"Thank you, Brother Li! However, I haven't found the right Heavenly Treasure yet. I came here just to see the style of the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster and make plans," Li Fan explained.

"Oh, that's fine. There are many people like you every year. The master won't mind if you just observe," Li Chenfeng replied nonchalantly. "Just make sure to stay quiet and not disturb."

Li Fan nodded and walked along the path into the courtyard. From a distance, he heard a voice saying, "Calm your mind and concentrate diligently..."

"Do you know why I chose this remote location for our academy? It's because for thousands of miles in all directions, only seawater exists here."

"The Great Dao's laws are relatively pure here. If you were to break through on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, you would inevitably be subject to various disturbances, affecting the speed of your foundation building."

...

Li Fan approached the courtyard and saw five Qi Condensation cultivators sitting cross-legged on the open ground. They exuded a mysterious aura, as if they were about to break through and successfully build their foundations.

Li Fan's heart moved, and he immediately started using the Formless Killing Intent to lock onto his targets. One, two, three...

By the time he reached the fourth one, Li Fan was already feeling somewhat strained. "Including Zhang Haobo, the current limit seems to be five people," he calculated in his mind.

"Under my guidance, two hundred and sixty-five cultivators have successfully built their foundations. Most of them took less time than expected. You all..."

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster, who looked dignified, was in the middle of sharing his experience. However, he suddenly stopped.

He looked up with a hint of confusion, gazing at the sky for a while but couldn't sense anything unusual.

So, he mumbled a few words and continued, "With my guidance, the time needed for foundation building can be greatly reduced!"

...

"This Foundation Establishment Grandmaster is really extraordinary. He could vaguely sense my Formless Killing Intent?" Li Fan's heart shivered. "If his cultivation were slightly higher, he might have been able to trace me through the technique."

"One must not underestimate the people of the world. It seems that when I use the Formless Killing Intent in the future, I'll need to be more cautious."

...

Just when Li Fan was silently shivering, someone in the group seemed to have suddenly had an epiphany, perhaps as a result of the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster's words. His aura instantly surged from the Qi Condensation stage to the Foundation Establishment stage.

After stabilizing his aura, he opened his eyes, showing a delighted expression. He bowed to the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster and said, "Thank you for your guidance, Master. I, Xiao, am deeply grateful."

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster patted his shoulder and smiled reassuringly. Then, the man named Xiao took off.

The remaining people in the courtyard all had a revived look, and their confidence was rekindled.

"The first Foundation Establishment cultivator has appeared, ten days ahead of our initial estimate. Who will be the next one?" the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster reminded them.

As Li Fan watched this scene from the sidelines, he couldn't help but feel a sense of amusement...

The man named Xiao, who had just broken through to the Foundation Establishment stage, was precisely one of the four individuals locked onto by his Formless Killing Intent.

Although it seemed like he had indeed achieved a Foundation Establishment breakthrough, under the watchful eye of Li Fan's Vision of Heaven and Earth, he could clearly see that there were no traces of laws condensing on the man's body. He had simply expanded his aura to reach the Foundation Establishment stage, but his actual cultivation was still at the Qi Condensation stage.

Indeed, it was just a simple illusionary technique like the Concealing Form Talisman. Furthermore, this person didn't actually leave the area. They merely made a round trip while secretly returning.

Their clothing and appearance changed in an instant, turning into a different person. This so-called Foundation Establishment Grandmaster... could it be that they are actually a fraudster? Li Fan took another glance at the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster, who had both white hair and a youthful countenance, looking like a true immortal. He couldn't help but sigh, thinking that there were truly remarkable individuals in the world.

However, at this moment, not long after Xiao's breakthrough, another cultivator seemed to have a breakthrough. Inspired by the success of their fellow cultivator, they also showed signs of advancing.

Li Fan's heart stirred because this time, the breakthrough was genuine. Through his Vision of Heaven and Earth, he could see that a sorrowful sea lotus was faintly condensing in the cultivator's dantian.

Li Fan immediately stopped diverting his attention and focused on comprehending the changes in the cultivator's body. After the sea lotus completely formed, the cultivator's aura suddenly erupted.

This time, it was a true Foundation Establishment cultivator. The person opened their eyes, their face filled with joy. "Master, thank you!" Their words were concise, but their gratitude was clearly expressed.

"Go now, don't disturb their subsequent breakthroughs." The person nodded and left in excitement.

"Maybe they aren't entirely fraudsters," Li Fan mused. He pretended to take his leave and secretly remained around the island, observing the remaining three people.

Over the next few days, two more people successfully broke through. The last person, however, took more than half a month to barely achieve the breakthrough. They sighed and left in a hurry.

"It doesn't matter if it's real or fake. What's important is to make the cultivators who achieve a breakthrough believe it's real. With enough confidence, they can accelerate their comprehension and achieve an early breakthrough."

"Moreover, some breakthroughs are real. Even if there are one or two individuals who don't get the expected results, when seeing others succeed, they might think it's a personal problem."

"Going a step further, even if they realize this is a scam, this Foundation Establishment Grandmaster is a cultivator at the late Foundation Establishment stage. They wouldn't want to openly admit they were deceived. If that happens, the more than two hundred cultivators who successfully built their foundations on this island earlier would undoubtedly come to trouble him."

"In that case, it might be swallow blood and bear it."

"How interesting, how interesting. This Foundation Establishment Grandmaster is truly a clever person." After understanding the intricacies, Li Fan couldn't help but marvel.

One person might only pay 2,000 contribution points, which didn't seem like much. However, when 265 cultivators were added together, it amounted to half a million contribution points in total!

Li Fan couldn't help but have some dangerous thoughts. "I wonder when this Foundation Establishment Grandmaster opened for business."

In the following period, Li Fan continued to lurk around the island. Using the Formless Killing Intent to lock onto the cultivators who came in search of foundation building opportunities, he increased his comprehension with their breakthroughs.

In less than three months, Li Fan observed the breakthrough process of more than forty Qi Condensation cultivators. His level of understanding of establishing the foundation gradually deepened.

And just at that moment, he received a reminder from Zhang Haobo's side. It seemed that Zhang Haobo had successfully reached the late Qi Condensation stage and was now searching for his own Heavenly Treasure.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 116: Mortal Technique Thieves


The howling gales roared, raising monstrous waves. A feeble glowing barrier protected the island, trembling under the relentless pounding of gigantic waves.

The spiritual energy in the world ran rampant like a frenzied beast racing and colliding.

Endless winds seemed to appear from nowhere, raging between the sky and the ocean.

This was a scene of a common wind disaster in the Cong Yun Sea.

In the midst of the hurricane, Zhang Haobo was like a piece of driftwood, constantly rising and falling. There was no spiritual energy around him. However, through the eyes of Li Fan, he could faintly perceive a unique rhythm of spiritual energy emerging from Zhang Haobo's body.

It appeared as if he was mimicking the omnipresent "wind" in the world.

Zhang Haobo's mind settled, and he closed his eyes to contemplate. It was only when the storm gradually subsided that he opened his eyes.

After a brief sense, he floated towards a specific direction. There was still no spiritual energy fluctuation, but his speed was incredibly fast.

He really seemed like a gentle breeze brushing through the world.

"This technique is quite impressive," Li Fan nodded slightly.

"However, he seems to be contemplating something again. Wasn't he looking for Heavenly Treasures to build his foundation?" Li Fan sensed that Zhang Haobo was heading toward another brewing storm.

Zhang Haobo was chasing the wind.

"Interesting..."

It seemed that he had no intention of building his foundation anytime soon. Therefore, most of Li Fan's attention returned to the matter of the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster.

More than ten days had passed since the last group of Qi Condensation cultivators successfully built their foundations and left. According to past experience, there would typically be one or two new arrivals every seven to eight days. However, this time, no one had shown up after more than ten days.

It was abnormal.

So, the three individuals on the island began to get uneasy. They gathered every day to discuss something.

Li Fan, who was secretly observing, activated his "Formless Killing Intent" to lock onto a young man named Li Chenfeng. He wanted to figure out what they were planning.

One day, the three of them gathered in secret once again.

Li Fan listened attentively from his vantage point, having a clear view of their discussions in the room.

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster appeared anxious, casting an anxious look upwards and muttering, "It's happening again. I'm getting that feeling again!"

"Come on, old man, are you really this scared?" Li Chenfeng didn't quite understand but still looked serious.

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster shook his head, "You guys don't understand. Although I'm stuck at the later stage of Foundation Establishment, I've witnessed hundreds of scenes of successful foundation building. I'm extremely sensitive to the fluctuations of the laws of heaven and earth."

"It can't be wrong; it's that feeling of being observed again."

"Maybe some powerful figure is watching us..."

The wrinkled face of the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster seemed to pale.

"Once or twice could be just accidental glances, but it's been many times now. Is this a warning or..."

"Enough, stop scaring yourself!" Li Chenfeng interrupted impatiently, slamming his hand on the table to boost their morale.

"Moreover, this secret chamber is isolated by a Birth-Death Array, shielding divine senses. It's not that easy to be broken through!" Li Chenfeng added.

However, Li Chenfeng shifted the topic, "But old man, your concerns aren't entirely baseless. Our purpose has always been not to stay in one place for too long, make a profit, and then leave. However, the Cong Yun Sea is vast, and there are a considerable number of foundation building cultivators every year, which is why we've stayed here for so long."

He continued, "Our original plan was to stay for another seven or eight years before leaving. Now it seems that we've earned quite a bit of profit, and we've attracted someone's attention."

Li Chenfeng analyzed calmly, "So, it's best to leave early. We'll pack up our things, and tomorrow morning we'll set out. Next, we'll head north to Yongliang Prefecture. That's the territory of the Five Elders Association. Once we get there, even if the people from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance want to cause trouble for us, it won't be that easy."

The man named Xiao chimed in, "Right, once we arrive there, we can change our identities and use our old tricks."

Li Chenfeng suddenly lowered his voice and asked, "Old man, how close are we to exchanging for the 'Sea Swallowing Eternal Life Technique'?"

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster squinted, "It's close. If we're careful and work for another fifty or so years, we should be able to exchange for it."

Xiao sighed, "It's really not easy. Old man, you've been away from your hometown for nearly a hundred years, right?"

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster couldn't help but feel sentimental, "Yes, it's been that long. Back then, I overcame countless hardships, broke through the Immortal Extinction Formation, and arrived in the cultivation world. It's been over ninety-eight years now."

Li Chenfeng said in a solemn tone, "A Dao Integration technique is extraordinary, of course. To think that it will only take a little over a hundred years to exchange for it is truly a stroke of luck."

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster felt somewhat embarrassed, "It's all thanks to your cleverness, Li. In just one year, I've gained more than I did in ten years before."

The man surnamed Xiao also praised Li.

Li Chenfeng didn't show a sense of satisfaction on his face but said solemnly, "The closer we get to success, the more careful we must be. After a hundred years of planning and countless sacrifices, we cannot afford to fail."

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster's expression turned serious, "Li is right."

Xiao spoke in a low voice, "As long as we can bring back the 'Sea Swallowing Eternal Life Technique,' all the sacrifices will be worth it."

Li Chenfeng sighed, "I don't know how many new Void Ripper Whales have been cultivated over the years. When the Empress calculated it, she found that only a group of a hundred thousand Void Ripper Whales would be able to counteract the attraction of the cultivation world to our homeland. Thirty years ago, when I left my hometown, the group had a size of only around seventy thousand."

"Thirty years, thirty thousand..."

"Difficult!" Li Chenfeng shook his head.

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster comforted him, "The number of Void Ripper Whales is insufficient, but we can slowly cultivate more in the future. As long as we bring back the Dao Integration Technique, we can help the Empress subdue those opposing forces."

"By then, with the full force of the empire, we can certainly lead the empire away from this realm within ten years."

"Once we have established a lineage with the 'Sea Swallowing Eternal Life Technique,' we can break free from the restrictions of immortal techniques not being able to be practiced together."

"In the future, more and more cultivators will emerge from the empire."

"The empire's future is very bright!"

The Foundation Establishment Grandmaster's words filled Li Chenfeng and the man surnamed Xiao with a vision of a hopeful future.

After a while, the three clasped their hands together tightly.

"For the Empire, for the Empress!"

A fanatical expression appeared on all three of their faces as they spoke in unison.

...

"The Empire, stealing cultivation techniques, leaving the cultivation world..." Li Fan watched this scene from afar and had a strange look in his eyes.

"It seems that those small worlds and sanctuaries that the mortals migrated to in the past aren't all like the Grand Xuan, completely devoid of spiritual energy."

"Or perhaps, that was indeed the case in the beginning. It's just that, over thousands of years, some changes have occurred."

"The ability to cultivate and control a group of a hundred thousand Void Ripper Whales..."

"This so-called empire is undoubtedly powerful. I wonder what methods they are using."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 117: Devouring White Mist Barrier


On the next day, Li Chenfeng and his two companions quietly left the island.

In the perception of the Formless Killing Intent, they continued northward, getting farther and farther away.

The perception became increasingly blurry, and Li Fan canceled the lock on Li Chenfeng.

"Is there still another four or five decades left?"

"If there's a chance in the future, we can visit their empire."

However, in this lifetime, Li Fan needed to first advance his cultivation to the Foundation Establishment stage.

Upon returning to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Li Fan first secluded himself to cultivate for some time, digesting his insights from observing the Foundation Establishment process.

After emerging from seclusion, he checked the "Geographical Map of the Cong Yun Sea Area" that his clone Fan Lin had obtained.

He had considered exchanging the entire map of the Xuanhuang Realm at once, but the Tianxuan Mirror displayed that he lacked the necessary authority to view it.

Therefore, he could only settle for a more limited exchange, starting with the geographical area around the Cong Yun Sea.

As the map materialized in his mind, Li Fan discovered that the seemingly boundless Cong Yun Sea was, in fact, an inland sea. It was as if someone had forcibly carved a gap into the mainland, nearly encircling the Cong Yun Sea.

Only in the southeast, through a relatively narrow sea area, was it connected to the endless ocean.

To the north of the Cong Yun Sea was Yongliang Province, where Li Chenfeng and his group had fled.

To the west and south, from top to bottom, were Jiushan Province, Shilin Province, and Yuandao Province, all of which belonged to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's territory.

Yongliang Province to the north was under the control of the Five Elders Association.

"It's been almost 14 years, and it's time to plan an escape."

"After obtaining the Canghai Pearl, we should leave the Cong Yun Sea as soon as possible. My clone can stay here to observe the situation."

"As for where to go..."

Li Fan thoroughly reviewed the information about the various provinces.

Yongliang Province, bordering Jiushan Province, was not very peaceful.

Shilin Province and Yuandao Province were relatively similar.

However, Yuandao Province was adjacent to the boundless ocean and had abundant water-based spiritual energy. Considering the need to use the Canghai Pearl for Foundation Establishment in the future, it made more sense to head to Yuandao Province.

Li Fan also noticed that in the Xuanhuang Realm, the boundaries between provinces were not artificially designated by humans.

The separation between provinces was naturally created by something called the "White Mist Barrier." Both mortals and cultivators could pass through it. However, the cost of crossing the White Mist Barrier was one's lifespan.

The longer the time spent crossing it, the more lifespan was consumed.

Mortals rarely dared to cross the White Mist Barrier on their own because, at their pace, they often perished before making it to the other side.

Even though cultivators could fly at extremely high speeds, each crossing of the White Mist Barrier cost at least thirty days of their lifespan. While it might not be a significant amount, frequent crossings would eventually wear down even a Golden Core cultivator.

Therefore, most cultivators adhered to a principle: they only moved when necessary and mostly stayed within their respective provinces.

Luckily, each province was vast, and they were well-supplied thanks to the existence of large organizations like the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, which spanned the entire cultivation world. So, for many cultivators, staying within one province for their entire lives didn't significantly hinder their cultivation.

Of course, there were long-distance teleportation arrays that allowed travel between provinces, reducing the lifespan cost to around ten days. However, the expense was substantial, and only a small number of cultivators used this method.

Li Fan checked and found that there was no White Mist Barrier between Yuandao Province and the Cong Yun Sea. Furthermore, there were specialized teleportation arrays within Ten Thousand Immortals Island to reach Yuandao Province.

"If I can successfully reproduce the 'Mountain Meditation Technique,' then learning about gifted prodigies will become more important."

For a moment, several figures flashed through Li Fan's mind.

"After leaving, maybe I can take them along to test the effectiveness of the 'Mountain Meditation Technique," Li Fan contemplated.

"However, it would be inconvenient to bring mortals along. I need to make some preparations in advance."

Li Fan had previously attempted to include living people on the Tai Yan Boat, but it couldn't be stored in [Truth] afterwards.

After some consideration, he decided to use the teleportation array to visit Yuandao Province.

The overall layout of Yuandao Province was similar to that of the Cong Yun Sea. Nearly every major mortal city had defensive formations and Foundation Establishment cultivators guarding them.

Above Yuandao Province, a massive floating city stood.

It was named after the province: "Yuandao Heavenly City."

The layout inside Yuandao City was identical to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, almost like it was copied from a template, which gave Li Fan a sense of familiarity.

In the center of the city, the Tianxuan Mirror was still present. When Li Fan entered, he found it to be exactly the same as when he used it on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Furthermore, in Yuandao City, Li Fan saw a familiar figure.

"It seems that this should be the case in areas under the rule of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. I wonder what the situation is with the Five Elders Association."

Mortals couldn't enter Yuandao Heavenly City. The largest city in Yuandao Province was called Zhuo Ling City.

After teleporting to Zhuo Ling City, Li Fan exchanged a courtyard with the city's guardians in exchange for 50 contribution points, which would serve as his base for future activities.

Following this, Li Fan took out the Tai Yan Boat and flew back from Yuandao Province to the Cong Yun Sea, to explore the route for their later withdrawal.

By the time he returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, the 14th year had already come.

During this period, Zhang Haobo had been constantly pursuing the trace of the wind disaster. Initially, he would sometimes misjudge the timing and location of the wind disaster's appearance. However, over time, Zhang Haobo's premonitions became increasingly accurate.

He would often arrive on the scene of each wind disaster right on time.

But now, Zhang Haobo had stopped chasing the winds.

He floated in the air, gazing up at something.

He remained as still as a stone statue.

This had been going on for quite some time.

However, gradually, an unusual aura began to emanate from Zhang Haobo.

Li Fan immediately refocused his attention on Zhang Haobo.

Suddenly, Zhang Haobo's clothes rustled without any wind, and he started to rise upward as if pushed by an invisible force from below.

He ascended slowly at first, then accelerated, becoming a streak of light shooting up into the sky.

His speed increased, and he soared toward the sky.

However, when he reached a certain height, he abruptly stopped.

Then he began to hover continuously in this space as if searching for something.

But...

He couldn't enter.

Zhang Haobo's face remained calm, and he turned into a gentle breeze, continually blowing through this area.

One day, two days, three days...

As time passed, it seemed he still hadn't found anything.

But Li Fan noticed that Zhang Haobo's range of activity was steadily decreasing.

When the final area was determined, Zhang Haobo let out a loud shout, accelerated suddenly, turned into a green light, and forcefully collided with the void.

A nearly imperceptible blue light also shone at the right time on his body.

Zhang Haobo's figure suddenly disappeared from the world.

And Li Fan's perspective was also taken into a strange space.

A translucent green figure stood there with closed eyes.

In their hands, they held a cage composed of green light.

A jet-black sword handle exuded a sinister aura, relentlessly striking the cage, attempting to break free.

"Bang, bang, bang!"

Occasionally, strands of green light were released from the cage during its impact, floating down and landing in various places in the Cong Yun Sea.

Transforming into wind disasters.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 118: Sword Wind Enlightenment


"This is..."

"The Heavenly Spirit, Green Wind?"

Li Fan's mind was greatly shaken.

This green figure was so similar to the Crimson Flame from the previous lifetime! The only difference was the distinct convergence of the principles of wind on this being.

Even through his Vision of Heaven and Earth, the allure of the Heavenly Spirit was overwhelmingly strong, instantly affecting Li Fan's mental state.

From a distance of thousands of miles, Li Fan's observation perspective became distorted. It shifted from Zhang Haobo, the primary subject of observation, to the green figure known as Green Wind.

Inside the Tianxuan Mirror, within Li Fan's sea of consciousness, the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit suddenly awakened.

It opened its eyes and gazed in the direction where Green Wind was located.

In an instant, the temperature of the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit dropped, as if it had been doused with icy water. The insatiable desire that had expanded countless times within Li Fan gradually subsided.

His mind turned extremely cold and rational, allowing Li Fan to silently observe the strange scene once again.

After staring at Green Wind for a long time, Li Fan shifted his gaze to the black sword handle.

The ominous aura that shot up into the sky almost materialized into a substantial layer of twisted black substance, covering the surface of the sword handle.

Beneath the handle, you could faintly see a short, broken sword blade.

This black sword handle resembled a living creature as it violently slammed against the green cage.

It occasionally emitted horrifying roars, causing the chaotic green light to tremble.

But no matter how it struggled, it couldn't break free from the green cage.

In this seemingly empty cage, Li Fan faintly sensed the continuous surge of a terrifying green current.

The speed of the current's movement was too fast, beyond the limits of what Li Fan could perceive at that moment.

So, at first glance, it appeared peaceful inside the cage.

But judging from the occasional green light that fell into various places in the Cong Yun Sea, the power of the storm surging within the cage was beyond imagination.

The Green Wind was like a blade, continuously slashing at the sword handle, constantly breaking and destroying the black ominous substance.

This mysterious sword handle, for some unknown reason, was exceptionally fierce.

But under Green Wind's prolonged imprisonment and erosion, it gradually became more and more broken.

"Who could have imagined that the wind disasters raging through the Cong Yun Sea were actually the unintentional side effects of the struggle between the Heavenly Spirit and a sword handle?"

"The power of Dao Integration is indeed terrifying."

"In the last life, the major wind disaster never appeared again. Perhaps it's because this sword handle was completely destroyed? Or..."

"And what exactly is the origin of this sword handle? It's just a damaged hilt, and it can resist the Heavenly Spirit in Dao Integration for so long..."

"If it were in its complete state, how much stronger would it be?"

Various thoughts flashed through Li Fan's mind repeatedly.

Afterward, he shifted his gaze back to Zhang Haobo.

"In general, ordinary cultivators can't perceive Dao Integration beings."

"They are hidden in this secret space..."

"Zhang Haobo has extraordinary talent, and he can sense the wind disaster Calamity and roughly detect the location of this space..."

"But with his cultivation in the Qi Condensation stage, there's no way he can break in."

"Unless..."

In Li Fan's field of vision, a layer of clear blue light enveloped Zhang Haobo.

As if unaffected by the Heavenly Spirit's allure, Zhang Haobo didn't even glance at Green Wind's figure. Instead, he focused intently on the cage in its hand.

He observed the struggle between Green Wind and the sword handle within the cage.

Under the cover of the blue light, Green Wind was completely oblivious, as if he ignored Zhang Haobo's presence and allowed him to observe at close range.

Li Fan thought, "Before reaching Dao Integration, conducting such an observation is truly like walking on a razor's edge."

"However, he indeed has something to rely on."

The familiar blue light kept flowing, and Li Fan, like Zhang Haobo, observed the struggle between Green Wind and the sword handle.

"With the flow of destiny, Zhang Haobo's luck continues to grow. Within the Cong Yun Sea, he already has a taste of being a 'Child of Heaven.' Things go his way, and opportunities come naturally."

"Unfortunately..."

"Let's see how his story ends."

"This hidden place would be nearly impossible to discover with my efforts alone, even after several lifetimes of reincarnation. But with Zhang Haobo's immense luck, he can easily find it."

"Within just the Cong Yun Sea, there are countless opportunities. When we look at the entire cultivation world, how many secrets are there truly? Exploring everything alone would be inefficient. However, with all the natural prodigies as my eyes, they can find these treasures for me one by one."

"In the next life, I'll take everything useful..."

"Good."

His thoughts gradually fell silent, and Li Fan concentrated all his attention together with Zhang Haobo.

They were trying to comprehend the battle between the sword and the wind.

Such an opportunity was extremely rare, and Li Fan didn't want to waste it.

Time passed slowly.

For cultivators, a few years of seclusion was considered normal.

After an unknown amount of time, Li Fan was abruptly awakened by the brilliant blue light bursting forth from Zhang Haobo's body.

After a brief flicker, Zhang Haobo suddenly left the mysterious space where Green Wind and the sword handle were located.

Like a shooting star, he fell straight into the deep sea.

The energy swirling around him, Li Fan was very familiar with.

It was a sign that Zhang Haobo was about to break through from the Qi Condensation stage to the Foundation Establishment stage.

"Hmm?" Li Fan found it a bit strange because the Heavenly Treasure that Zhang Haobo was using to imitate the process of Foundation Establishment differed from what he had anticipated.

A clear and crisp sound of a sword rang out.

It was like the first cry of a newborn baby, or the first rays of the morning sun.

The chaotic and uncomprehending willpower began to grow continuously from the moment it was born.

The sound of the sword's roar became clearer and more exhilarating.

"Clang!"

The sword sound reached its sharpest point and suddenly disappeared.

At the same time, within Zhang Haobo's dantian, a vague and ever-changing sword shadow suddenly appeared.

Under the dark sea, the seawater around Zhang Haobo was instantly repelled, leaving a circular area without water.

The sword shadow, like a mischievous and vibrant child, stretched lazily.

Then it surprisingly flew out of Zhang Haobo's dantian, hovering and rotating in the empty area around him.

Li Fan could see clearly that this sword shadow had no physical form. It resembled the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit in many ways, being a purely conscious existence.

"This is... sword intent?" Li Fan was somewhat shocked.

He hadn't expected that in such a short time, Zhang Haobo would comprehend the sword intent by observing the sword handle.

It's worth noting that although Li Fan had gained some insight into it, he was far from reaching such an exaggerated level.

Li Fan couldn't help but sigh; the difference in people's talents was indeed substantial.

However, Li Fan was also somewhat surprised because Zhang Haobo was using this sword intent as a Heavenly Treasure to establish his Foundation.

It proved the correctness of Master Yin's theory that "everything in the world can be seen as unformed Heavenly Treasures."

If sword intent could be used, then ​[Truth] could naturally be used as well.

Moreover, the process where Zhang Haobo established his Foundation using sword intent provided Li Fan with plenty of inspiration.

However, establishing a Foundation using ​[Truth] was much more challenging than using sword intent to establish one. To achieve this goal, Li Fan still had a long way to go.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 119: The Five Element Subworlds


Zhang Haobo opened his eyes, and the wandering sword intent swiftly returned to his dantian.

As the sharpness in his eyes slowly faded away, he appeared unremarkable and harmless.

Li Fan, observing Zhang Haobo's changes, couldn't help but marvel.

To achieve such a level of concealing one's presence and returning to a state of simplicity and innocence during the Foundation Establishment stage was truly remarkable.

Indeed, Zhang Haobo possessed exceptional talent.

After spending a while underwater to familiarize himself with the newly reached Foundation Establishment stage, Zhang Haobo promptly flew to the ocean's surface.

Without a moment's rest, he began practicing the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique."

One after another, the blue water swords appeared and danced in the air.

Under Zhang Haobo's control, the blue swords crisscrossed the sky, and water dragons soared.

Li Fan, who was covertly observing, noticed something.

With the unknown sword intent he comprehended to establish his Foundation, Zhang Haobo's Sea Fixing Sword Technique showed some noticeable changes.

If the previous Sea Fixing Sword Technique was grand and dignified, the present version, infused with a mysterious sword intent, harbored hidden madness and ruthlessness within its mighty sword techniques.

Moreover, Li Fan had a faint feeling.

Zhang Haobo was still holding back.

An overwhelming malevolent aura remained concealed.

Once this malevolent aura that originated from the black sword hilt erupted, the power of the Sea Fixing Sword Technique would likely increase several times instantly.

Zhang Haobo tirelessly practiced the Sea Fixing Sword Technique on the uninhabited sea surface without any rest.

Day and night, wind and rain were of no concern.

The countless dots of blue light converged from all directions in the ocean, and within his home ground of the Cong Yun Sea, Zhang Haobo had no worries about depleting his spiritual energy. He could practice without restraint.

In this manner, although his cultivation stage remained at the early Foundation Establishment level, his actual combat power was rapidly improving.

The most visible aspect of his progress was the number of Divine Sea Swords he could manifest. These past few days, they had increased from thirty-six to seventy-two, and now to one hundred and eight!

In just over a month since entering the Foundation Establishment stage, Zhang Haobo, who had recently arrived in this stage, had perfected the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique."

While external factors were at play, there was no denying that Zhang Haobo's talent was genuinely astonishing.

With one hundred and eight Divine Sea Swords simultaneously released, the sky was filled with the roars of water dragons.

In Li Fan's eyes, this level of power surpassed that of Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi, both of whom were in the late Foundation Establishment stage.

It's important to note that Zhang Haobo achieved this without using any Foundation Treasure.

Upon seeing Zhang Haobo's rapid progress, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sense of anticipation.

"What will you do next? I only gave you the 'Sea Fixing Sword Technique' up to the Foundation Establishment stage."

"Could you really deduce the Golden Core stage on your own?"

Li Fan was skeptical.

In the world of cultivation, it was possible to create new techniques, but it wasn't a task that could be accomplished solely with extraordinary talent.

It required an extremely profound understanding of techniques as a foundation, allowing one to create new techniques from scratch.

In the Immortal Cultivation World, such cultivators who could deduce new techniques were honored as Master Pathweavers.

The position of a Master Artificer was highly revered and held significant respect, even above that of Master Artifact Refiners, Master Alchemists, Rune Masters, and Formation Masters in any organization.

Moreover, there were Grandmaster Pathweavers who were highly skilled, with a transcendent understanding of techniques. They were able to design custom techniques for cultivators.

Their status could even be on par with that of Immortal Sages.

Currently, Zhang Haobo, despite his exceptional talent, had only cultivated the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique."

Deducing the Golden Core stage from the Foundation Establishment stage of the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique" was indeed possible, but the chances were incredibly low.

Li Fan was curious about what Zhang Haobo would do next.

However, at the moment, Zhang Haobo, who was in the early stage of Foundation Establishment, did not have to worry about the cultivation technique.

He acted as the best teacher, repeating and meticulously demonstrating various moves from the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique" in front of Li Fan, time and time again.

He was incredibly patient and thorough.

Li Fan devoted most of his attention to studying and comprehending.

The rest of his focus was directed back into the Ten Thousand Profound Mirror.

They say that cultivation knows no years, and it was indeed true.

During the period of time that Li Fan and Zhang Haobo were cultivating, time quietly slipped away.

Now, it had reached the 16th year.

The grand event of the Crimson Flame burning the sea was getting closer and closer.

Li Fan began by looking into the major events that had occurred during these two years.

Due to the influence of the heavens, although only two years had passed, many records of various events have been lost.

But afterward, Li Fan visited cultivators like Yuwen Xing, continuously inquiring and piecing together the clues. He recorded these events one by one.

Although he was sure that he would slowly forget these events in the near future, it didn't matter.

Because in the next life, Li Fan would remember these events once again.

Li Fan studied the records in his hands, and a few of them piqued his interest.

In the 14th year, shortly after he and Zhang Haobo entered their enlightenment, something significant seemed to have occurred in the northwestern region of the Cong Yun Sea, near the border between Yongliang Prefecture and Jiushan Prefecture.

The local specialty, the "Gold Flying Fish," had its price skyrocket by fifty times in a short period.

It only lasted for seven days before quickly falling back.

However, all the surviving buyers couldn't recall why they had bought these "Glistening Gold Flying Fish" or what had happened at that time.

This was the first event.

The second interesting event took place in the 15th year.

A fiery meteor lit up the sky and streaked across the night.

It was unclear where it had fallen.

All the cultivators who saw this meteor couldn't help but feel a sense of fear, sorrow, and other emotions.

There had been attempts to find the crash site of the meteor, but it seemed that no one could locate it.

The third event had occurred not long ago.

The rumors mentioned by Jiao Xiuyuan were confirmed: near the wood-element spirit energy subworld, there were indeed two other subworlds nearby.

But, the reality was more exaggerated than the rumors.

There weren't just two subworlds hidden there; there were four.

These five subworlds belonged to the gold, wood, water, fire, and earth elements, and they were subtly connected as if they formed a single entity.

The discovery of these Five Element Subworlds was truly astonishing.

It even attracted the covetousness of the Five Elders Association.

The two sides engaged in a battle near the subworlds, and in the end, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance repelled the Five Elders Association at the cost of a Soul Transformation cultivator.

Later on, in order to prevent further disputes and to protect the Five Element Subworlds, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance paid a great price to move the entire subworld to a location near the Tianyu Prefecture.

...

Li Fan firmly stored this information in his mind. These were all important channels for gaining benefits in the next life.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 120: Li Fan’s Desire to Create Techniques


In these past few years, the clone hasn't been idle. It has been voraciously browsing through various hidden knowledge of the cultivation world, rapidly depleting its contribution points. Now, there are only a little over 73,000 points left.

The current knowledge reserve should be sufficient for most situations.

Therefore, Li Fan decided to take a break for now. In the upcoming period, he plans to focus his energy on studying techniques. As he is about to break through to the Foundation Establishment stage, it's time to upgrade some of his existing techniques.

The "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" can be practiced all the way up to the Nascent Soul stage, so there's no immediate need to change it. The same goes for the "Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art."

However, the Sun Stealing Technique, according to its records, could be practiced up to the Dao Integration stage in ancient times. But over the many years, the Sun Stealing Sect seemed to decline, and there were no reports of practitioners reaching such high levels. In the past two thousand years, there was only a single record of a Soul Transformation cultivator. Most could only progress to the Nascent Soul stage. Thinking about the Sun Stealing Token still lying in his storage ring, Li Fan had a strong premonition.

After reaching the Foundation Establishment stage, he decided to seize an opportunity to give it a try.

The "Stalking Shadow Technique" is just a relatively common body movement technique. It could be replaced at any time with a Foundation Establishment stage technique.

After observing Zhang Haobo's sword intent which was as gentle as a breeze, Li Fan gained insights. Perhaps he could combine the essence of that sword intent with the "Stalking Shadow Technique" to create a completely new technique.

The "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" was particularly important to Li Fan. The Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit had various mystical effects, especially its ability to resist the desires brought about by the world's soul.

So, Li Fan searched in the Tianxuan Mirror to find Foundation Establishment stage techniques that could nurture illusory spirits. He found several, and there was even one called the "Unholy Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique." This was an upgraded version of the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique." But Li Fan didn't rush to exchange it.

After observing how Zhang Haobo condensed sword intent, Li Fan believed he could try to integrate this insight with the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" to create a new technique.

Yes, Li Fan was going to try to be a pathweaver.

Li Fan knew that creating new techniques was extremely difficult, but he didn't have a quantitative understanding of just how difficult it was. He figured that the best way to understand was to try it himself.

He had his secondary body, boosted by the Tianxuan Mirror's Enlightenment Mode and the Golden Liuli Pearl, which increased his insight efficiency by a factor of twenty-seven.

The contribution points remaining on his secondary body would support continuous closed-door cultivation for ten years.

In these next two hundred and seventy years, he could work on creating two Foundation Establishment stage techniques. Li Fan pondered. Though he might only be an average individual, there was still a high probability of success.

After all, ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivators could live for approximately this long.

If he succeeded, he could break free from the constraints of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's techniques, and his next life would allow him to cultivate directly.

Moreover, what was even more important was that he was pioneering a new, feasible method for obtaining techniques. By using the raw techniques obtained through the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance as a base, integrating the insights he gained from the Tianxuan Mirror's enlightenment abilities, and refining them with his observance of prodigies through Formless Killing Intent and Vision of Heaven and Earth, he could create new techniques for his main body's cultivation.

If this production chain turned out to be truly viable, then he, Li Fan, could barely be called a pathweaver.

With a determined mind, Li Fan no longer hesitated. His secondary body's spiritual sense immersed itself in closed-door cultivation to begin the enlightenment process.

On Zhang Haobo's side, he continued to diligently cultivate without rest each day. His cultivation speed not only didn't slow down as he entered the Foundation Establishment stage but instead increased.

However, on Li Fan's side, he had decided to wait for the emergence of the Canghai Pearl before breaking into Foundation Establishment. So, his cultivation had temporarily come to a halt.

During this time, he couldn't find much to do and instead enjoyed some rare leisure on the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

He spent his days leisurely strolling on the island and making friends with many Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment cultivators. These cultivators might not have outstanding strength, but they were the grassroots of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's control of the Cong Yun Sea. Most of them were knowledgeable and not ordinary individuals.

Interacting with them, Li Fan learned much from the experience. After some time passed, Li Fan suddenly received a transmission message.

"Chen An?"

Li Fan looked at the name and frowned slightly. But soon, he remembered who Chen An was. It was the Qi Condensation cultivator who had asked him about the mysteries of Qin Tang's trial in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

This man had managed to survive the trial involving Qin Tang, and he promptly retreated and left the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace. He was quite cautious.

For years, there had been no contact between them. Li Fan was curious about why Chen An was reaching out now.

He opened the message, and the image of Chen An with a smile appeared.

"Fellow Daoist Li Fan, how have you been lately?"

"Since the day we parted at the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, it has been over five years. Your outstanding performance in solving the Qin Tang anomaly is still vivid in my memory, unforgettable."

"Recently, something unusual has happened in the Cong Yun Sea, which you might find interesting."

...

After listening to Chen An's transmission, Li Fan understood why Chen An had suddenly contacted him.

Recently, in the Cong Yun Sea, an extraordinary event had occurred. A massive, constantly shifting white mist suddenly appeared in the Cong Yun Sea. A curious cultivator who flew into the white mist found a colossal, mountain-like blue bull pulling a two-wheeled cart, walking on the sea.

On the cart was a dilapidated thatched cottage. Outside the cottage stood two strange creatures. One of them had no mouth and had a terrifying appearance, while the other was robust and strong, carrying a wooden staff.

From inside the cottage, a faint, melodious sound of someone reading aloud could be heard. This bizarre sight naturally drew the curiosity of the cultivator. This individual was quite bold.

Convinced that there must be a chance to gain some fortune in this, he flew to the front of the thatched cottage to investigate. However, he was blocked by the two doorkeepers.

Politely, he greeted them and attempted to enter the cottage. However, there was no response, and instead, he was struck with a chaotic beating from the wooden staff, expelling him from the range of the blue bull's cart.

When he tried to approach again, he found that no matter what he did, he couldn't fly close to the thatched cottage.

So, he had no choice but to give up. He returned and informed his best friend about this event. They were also intrigued.

They came together and visited the blue bull's cart the next day. Surprisingly, the cultivator found that he could once again approach the thatched cottage. So, the two of them cautiously approached and were struck by the wooden staff again, forcing them out.

However, they didn't get discouraged. On the third day, they tried once more, and the result remained the same.

But they were not disheartened. In fact, they were somewhat delighted because, since there was no danger to life, they could simply invite more people.

They would definitely find a way to enter the thatched cottage.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 121: Wooden Staff Overpowers Immortals


The mysterious ox-drawn carriage was evidently another stroke of fortune.

They were also unwilling to share it with strangers for no reason.

So next, they only called upon their own friends to explore the secrets here.

Chen An was one of them.

But though there were now more explorers, the result remained the same.

All were beaten out by the wooden staff.

Things continued this way for half a month, still at an impasse.

Clearly, this group was not clever enough.

And inevitably, the moving white mist drew the attention of other cultivators outside.

Every day new cultivators discovered the secrets within and entered.

However, upon learning of the circumstances here, they also chose to keep it secret.

But they could not prevent the growing crowds outside the ox cart.

Clearly, if this continued, sooner or later the matter would become common knowledge among all in the Cong Yun Sea.

But by then, even if there really was some opportunity here, it would no longer be their turn.

So they decided to seek outside help.

Clever outside help.

And Li Fan, who had left a deep impression on Chen An at Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, naturally became one of the candidates for outside help.

"If fellow Daoist is interested, come to the vicinity of Yutang Island in Cong Yun Sea, and in time someone will lead you here."

"An ox cart, interesting." In his previous life, Li Fan had not heard of this matter.

But since he was free and had nothing to do, and there seemed no danger to life over there, there was no harm in going to take a look.

Li Fan made some preparations and then traveled through the teleportation array to Yutang Island.

Upon seeing Li Fan, the guardian of the island's eyes lit up.

"You must be fellow Daoist Li Fan. I am Zhou Ningchang, a good friend of Chen An's. Please come with me." Without any delay, he directly led Li Fan flying towards the location of the ox cart.

As they flew, Zhou Ningchang briefed Li Fan on the latest developments.

"Fellow Daoist Li Fan, Chen An has probably already told you the general situation. This ox treads on water without stopping for a moment. Although its pace is not fast, it keeps moving forward."

Zhou Ningchang's expression was a bit distressed: "The route forward of this ox is a straight line. Based on our guesses, it seems to be heading straight for Cloud Water Heavenly Palace in the center of Cong Yun Sea."

"At the ox's current speed, it will enter Cloud Water Heavenly Palace in at most another month. That ghostly place is filled with anomalies. It's hard to say what changes might occur once the ox enters. So we'd best find a way in before that."

"Otherwise, even if we're reluctant, we'll have to give up." Zhou Ningchang said.

"Cloud Water Heavenly Palace..." Li Fan's gaze focused. He had not expected this ox cart to be related to the sect that had collapsed thousands of years ago.

After Zhou Ningchang finished briefing him, the two flew on in silence. After flying for most of the day, they saw in the distance a large mass of white fog slowly moving across the sea.

"We're here!" Zhou Ningchang said, then took the lead flying into the mist.

Li Fan had already locked onto Zhou Ningchang with Formless Killing Intent. Activating Vision of Heaven and Earth, he observed the situation within the mist, confirming there was no ambush before slowly flying in.

Already gathered around the ox were about seventy or eighty people. Most had bruised faces and swollen noses, looking rather miserable.

Unconcerned by the new arrival, they continued discussing loudly.

Chen An waved Li Fan over.

Li Fan went to Chen An's side and listened to their debate.

"That mouthless freak, it's easy to figure out. You can't speak, not even communicate mentally, or it'll throw you out."

"Right. The key is that guy with the staff."

"Although it doesn't endanger your life, damn does it hurt to get beaten!"

"You've only been here a few days? I've been pummeled over ten times already."

"Don't even mention it. Now I feel a little uncomfortable if I don't get thrashed once a day."

......

Chen An gave a wry smile as he explained to Li Fan: "With no way in found for so long, everyone can only make the best of a bad situation."

"We still have to rely on fellow Daoist Li."

Chen An looked at Li Fan full of hope.

Li Fan shook his head: "So many people for so many days haven't figured it out. How could I be an exception? Fellow Daoist overestimates me."

"I can only try my best, don't get your hopes up too high."

Chen An nodded: "I naturally understand that. We'll just do what we can."

Li Fan then focused his attention on the straw hut ahead.

Just then, a newcomer went forward to try. Li Fan narrowed his eyes to observe closely.

Having learned from everyone's experience, the man silently approached the straw hut.

But before he could do anything, the muscular freak wielding a wooden staff suddenly glared at him angrily.

The staff in his hand flashed out like an arc of light, fiercely striking the cultivator.

With only time for a miserable shriek, he was sent flying without any ability to resist.

Only when outside the ox cart's range did he finally stabilize himself.

But from the agonized expression on his face, the blow was clearly heavy.

"What cultivation level is he?" Li Fan asked.

"Foundation Establishment late stage." Zhou Ningchang replied.

"There's also a Golden Core mid stage cultivator here, but like those in Qi Condensation, he doesn't have any ability to resist under that staff."

"As for higher, we didn't dare invite any." He added.

"Treated the same regardless of level." Li Fan narrowed his eyes. This trait reminded him of anomalies.

"Could this also be an anomaly?" Li Fan couldn't help voicing this doubt.

"If so, why doesn't this anomaly injure people?" Puzzled, Li Fan decided to try for himself.

Silently he flew close and landed in front of the straw hut, slowly striding forward.

The mouthless freak ignored him, but the one with the staff became angry as Li Fan approached.

Li Fan frowned and retreated.

The staff wielder's expression gradually returned to normal.

Li Fan considered, then continued forward. This time his pace was even slower, but the freak didn't want to play this game of testing boundaries with Li Fan.

The staff flew from his hand, fiercely striking Li Fan's body.

It felt like being viciously kicked in the stomach. Overwhelming force blasted out, sending Li Fan flying uncontrollably.

Li Fan sucked in a breath of cold air.

It really hurt!

Seeing Li Fan's attempt fail, the others were not too concerned and continued discussing in small groups how to try again tomorrow.

Li Fan on the other hand was recalling the scene, constantly pondering.

The next day, everyone began trying again.

One by one they were sent flying in succession.

It was somewhat comical.

When Li Fan's turn came, it was the same, no exception.

The third day.

The result remained unchanged.

......

Time passed day after day. Seeing they were getting closer and closer to Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, everyone seemed to be slowly losing patience.

Each day fewer and fewer people went to try.

Watching as all methods were exhausted to no avail against the cultivators, Li Fan vaguely had a guess.

So the next day when it came, Li Fan loudly said to everyone: "Would some fellow Daoist in the early Qi Condensation stage like to try advancing after dissolving their cultivation?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 122: A Bamboo Slip to Transcend


Upon hearing Li Fan's words, the group of cultivators first collectively froze, and then there was an uproar, with varying reactions.

Some wore expressions of disdain and mockingly said, "Where did this Qi Condensation junior come from, spouting nonsense here?"

"Yeah, you're telling people to dissipate their cultivation. Why don't you do it yourself?"

Others appeared curious, asking, "Does our fellow Daoist mean that the creature with the staff only targets cultivators and not ordinary people?"

"Although it sounds a bit unbelievable, there's a possibility. The situation here is somewhat similar to the anomalies in the sect's ruins."

This idea resonated with many of the cultivators.

"Considering that the blue ox pulling the cart is about to enter the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, time is running out for us. We should indeed give it a try."

"But that staff is extremely powerful. It's possible that our cultivation is the only reason we're able to survive its blows. If we dissipate our cultivation and become ordinary people, we might be killed with a single strike."

"Ah, our fellow Daoist here has a point."

People discussed and hesitated, and for a moment, no one dared to step forward to try.

However, a red-haired cultivator seemed to grow impatient. He shouted loudly and glared at the others, saying, "What's there to be so hesitant about? It's just dissipating your cultivation! With the 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture,' we can quickly regain our cultivation. I'll do it!"

With that, he flew down and landed in front of the thatched cottage. Then, he operated the 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture,' and in just a moment, his entire cultivation was completely dissipated, turning him into an ordinary person.

Li Fan's mind was alert, and he locked onto him with the Formless Killing Intent.

The red-haired cultivator, who had been somewhat carefree earlier, was now feeling nervous, facing the massive and fierce creature as an ordinary person. He swallowed hard and took slow steps forward.

All eyes in the area were focused on him at this moment, and it became silent all around.

Slowly approaching the thatched cottage, the creature without a mouth still seemed oblivious to him. The creature with the staff, on the other hand, stared at him for a long time, and the staff in its hand lifted several times but never struck down.

And so, the red-haired man reached the door of the thatched cottage without incident.

The faint sound of reading inside the cottage suddenly stopped.

The door of the cottage boomed open, and a somewhat elderly voice came from within, saying, "Come in!"

The red-haired man's face lit up with joy, and he walked into the cottage with wide steps.

The door closed behind him, and the two guardian deities continued to watch from the outside.

Around the blue ox pulling the cart, it suddenly became as lively as a marketplace.

"Did it really work?!"

"This Qi Condensation junior... No, this fellow Daoist is indeed extraordinarily clever. What should we call you?"

"Damn it, Liu Zhi beat me to it. No, I want to dissipate my cultivation and enter too!"

Of course, there were still many cultivators who remained calm, saying, "Not so fast. Let's wait for Liu Zhi to come out and see what kind of opportunity is inside the thatched cottage."

"That's right, he's an ordinary person now. He won't be able to escape even if he wants to."

The surroundings were in chaos, but Li Fan had a furrowed brow, his eyes fixed on the thatched cottage.

Because, at the very moment Liu Zhi entered the cottage, the Formless Killing Intent that had locked onto him failed.

Since Li Fan had comprehended this technique, it had never failed before.

The Formless Killing Intent imitated the heavens and was universally effective in various situations.

And now...

What was inside that thatched cottage might be an extremely terrifying existence.

Other cultivators didn't share Li Fan's concerns. Five more Qi Condensation cultivators entered the thatched cottage one after another, competing to go inside.

As for the Foundation Building cultivators, they remained cautious, in a wait-and-see posture.

Inside the thatched cottage, there was no change. Only the seemingly unchanging sound of reading echoed in everyone's hearts.

This voice seemed clearer compared to when they first heard it, but it was still not entirely clear, making it impossible to discern the specific content.

Although the cultivators were impatient, they had no choice but to exercise patience and wait.

The next morning, without anyone noticing, the six individuals who had entered the day before suddenly appeared in the open space outside the thatched cottage. They were sprawled out in various positions, seemingly asleep, but their breath was steady as if they were merely in deep slumber.

"Wait a minute, didn't they all dissipate their cultivation and become ordinary people? How is it that their cultivation has been fully restored now?"

Soon, some cultivators realized something was amiss.

"Not only did their cultivation return, but it seems like they all gained one minor realm in cultivation compared to before."

"That's right, Liu Zhi was at the early Qi Condensation stage before. After just one night, he's now at the mid Qi Condensation stage!"

"The Qi Condensation stage cultivator even advanced to the late Qi Condensation stage!"

"The late Qi Condensation stage cultivator didn't seem to advance, but their spiritual energy has solidified quite a bit, which should still be beneficial."

Amidst the astonishment of the crowd, their gazes towards the thatched cottage had completely changed. It had forcibly elevated the cultivators who entered by one minor realm without discrimination. This could save them a considerable amount of resources and time. The higher the cultivation, the more valuable it was.

In their impatience, the cultivators awakened the six individuals and inquired about what had occurred inside the thatched cottage yesterday. The six individuals had consistent stories, but their accounts left the others bewildered.

"So, you spent a whole day inside just reading?"

"The teacher was a bamboo slip floating in the air?"

"You don't remember what you read?"

It was indeed quite peculiar, but it appeared that they were not lying.

Given the opportunity, the hesitating Qi Condensation cultivators all dissipated their cultivation and entered the cottage.

Chen An was about to go inside when he looked back at Li Fan, who hadn't moved. He was somewhat puzzled and inquired, "Fellow Daoist Li, is there anything unusual inside?"

Li Fan shook his head and replied, "There should be no issues. However, I'm already at the late Qi Condensation stage, so the opportunity inside doesn't hold much significance for me. You can go in by yourself; there's no need to worry about me. I'll continue to observe for a while."

Chen An hesitated for a moment and then clasped his hands to Li Fan before entering the thatched cottage.

As for the Foundation Building cultivators, they still hadn't acted.

Zhou Ningchang explained the reason to Li Fan. Cultivators with a cultivation level of Foundation Building or higher, even if they dissipated their cultivation using the 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture,' their Dao foundation remained intact and in a state between real and illusory, not affected by the cultivation dissipation. They were unsure whether they would be considered ordinary people and were therefore hesitant.

After waiting for a long time, a Foundation Building cultivator couldn't resist the temptation any longer and was the first to try. They successfully entered the cottage after dissipating their cultivation.

As a result, numerous Foundation Building cultivators followed suit, entering the cottage with great joy.

Even the only Golden Core cultivator in the crowd couldn't resist the allure.

As for the six cultivators who had entered the cottage yesterday and wanted to replicate their previous experience to further advance by one minor realm, they were hit by the bamboo staff and thrown out instantly.

They decided to leave and bring their friends and family to the area before the blue ox pulling the cart entered the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Soon, outside the thatched cottage, only Li Fan remained.

***** TL Note: New $10 tier for 40 chapters ahead has been released! Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 123: Return to the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace


With waves of people entering, the sound of reading inside the house became louder. Li Fan strained his ears and could faintly make out a few sentences.

"Heavenly laws are strict, honor the rules and regulations."

"...I have learned the law today, and spread it to all living beings."

"Heavenly laws must not be violated."

"Heavenly laws..." Li Fan recalled his past experiences but couldn't find any related information. He wondered about the connection between this place and the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

The reason Li Fan chose not to enter was twofold. First, as he had mentioned before, the opportunity here was not particularly useful for him at his late Qi Condensation stage. Second, he still had some concerns.

He couldn't believe that such an enigmatic place would be completely devoid of danger and would simply grant benefits to those who entered.

He intended to let these people try it first. If it was indeed as beneficial as it appeared, he could come back in the next lifetime. Li Fan planned for a hundred lives in the future, not for the present life. The concept of missing an opportunity didn't exist for him.

As the sound of reading filled the air, another day passed. On the second day, when all the cultivators woke up from the ground, they had all advanced by one minor realm without exception. They were overjoyed, as one night had equaled the effort of many years of cultivation.

Following the previous six individuals, they contacted their friends and brought them to this place.

Gradually, more people learned about this opportunity, and they came and went with joyful expressions. Li Fan continued to observe silently.

Before the blue ox cart reached its destination, Li Fan made a rough estimate. There were about two Nascent Soul cultivators, six Golden Core cultivators, nineteen Foundation Establishment cultivators, and numerous Qi Condensation cultivators who had entered the thatched cottage.

Even the liveliest gatherings must eventually come to an end.

One month later, the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, suspended in the sky, loomed in the distance. The blue ox cart had finally reached its destination.

Li Fan and other cultivators chose to stay far away from the cart, observing from a distance.

"Moo!"

The blue ox let out a cry and, with its hooves in the air, ascended from the sea level into the sky. It pulled the two-wheeled cart, advancing slowly.

It then crashed headlong towards the azure, transparent Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

The lights intersected and rose to a blinding intensity.

Without any sound, the ox cart quietly disappeared into the sea of clouds.

The cultivators present all let out sighs of regret.

There were a dozen or so cultivators, perhaps they were bold, perhaps because they had once broken into the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace before.

Driven by curiosity, they also followed and flew in.

Li Fan used his Formless Killing Intent and locked onto one of them.

Following him, the perspective changed to the long-lost Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

In front of the towering gate, the blue ox shrunk to its normal size.

As it passed the statue of Qin Tang, the cart suddenly stopped.

The door of the thatched cottage burst open, and a scroll of bamboo slips flew out. A nearly transparent figure emerged from the bamboo slip. The figure appeared somewhat elderly, and their face was indistinct.

"Qin Tang..."

They stared at the stone statue that had been pierced through the heart, falling into silence for a long while before slowly speaking.

The Qin Tang statue seemed to suddenly move, and then it creaked, tilting its head at an odd angle.

Staring at the elderly figure before it, a faint and barely audible voice emerged from the Qin Tang statue.

"Master..."

"Master..."

Although the voices were small, they were like a thunderclap, instantly spreading throughout the entire Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

"Master..."

"Master..."

"Master..."

The different voices expressed pain, confusion, relief, and contentment. The voices came from various directions, echoing continuously. Interweaving, they were like a symphony from hell resonating within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Li Fan observed that deep within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, in the location of the Taiyi Hall, the tortoise-snake Patriarch Taiyi seemed to be waking from its slumber, revealing its monstrous form.

However, a broken sword phantom suddenly appeared. This broken sword was deeply inserted into Taiyi's body, with only a short section protruding outside. It was pitch black and exuded a malevolent aura. The broken sword trembled slightly, producing an ear-piercing noise as if it were being sharpened on a whetstone.

In the void, numerous sword phantoms fell like rain, fiercely piercing the monstrous creature's body.

"Pain..."

Taiyi howled in madness and had to retract its body back into the Taiyi Hall.

Watching this scene, Li Fan's heart was deeply shaken. The broken sword embedded in Taiyi's body seemed to be the same as the hilt he had encountered before during his battle with the Green Wind.

They belonged to the same sword!

The transparent figure of the master standing before the Qin Tang statue looked in the direction of the Taiyi Hall, heaved a long sigh and then reached out to grip the bamboo slips. Afterward, the figure's hands were placed behind their back as they gazed up at the sky.

Taking a deep breath, the figure of the master instantly swelled. In just a moment, he stood tall like a giant supporting the sky. His hair flew wildly as he glared forward and shouted angrily.

"Heavenly!"

"Doctor!"

The master's furious roars echoed throughout the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace in the blink of an eye.

Following the master's roar, silence enveloped various parts of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace. Then, one by one, the voices of resentment and despair surged to the sky.

"Heavenly Doctor!"

"Heavenly Doctor!"

"Heavenly Doctor!"

...

The cries were relentless, filled with despair and hatred, making Li Fan, who was outside the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, shudder involuntarily.

The cries of despair resonated throughout the entire Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, causing the massive structure to shake and tremble incessantly.

The white mist that had previously shrouded every building in the palace began to roll like boiling water. It was as if all the tormented entities within it wanted to break free.

In the high sky of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, the master's colossal figure stood in front. A small white jade statue suddenly appeared. With his appearance, all the anomalies within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace broke out completely.

The angry and desperate roars were like surging river waters, unceasing.

Cracks appeared on the ground, and the entire Cloud Water Heavenly Palace was on the verge of collapse amidst this turmoil.

High in the sky of Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, in front of the master's huge body.

A small white jade statue suddenly appeared.

And with his appearance, the bizarre beings within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace all completely rioted.

Angry and despairing cries were as endless as a river.

A crack appeared from the ground, and the entire Cloud Water Heavenly Palace was about to be torn apart in this strange movement.

The white jade statue emitted a faint light and instantly transformed into a human-sized figure. He had a kind and gentle face with silver-white hair.

It was the mysterious old man that Li Fan had encountered before, who had a brief encounter with his clone, Fan Lin.

Ignoring the thunderous roars that sounded like turbulent waves from below, the Heavenly Doctor smiled slightly and said, "Everyone."

"It's been a while."

The master's towering figure trembled all over. His face was filled with hatred, and he clenched his teeth, wanting to say something. But in the end, the only word that came out of his mouth was, "Die!"

The sky seemed to grow dark as if an endless killing intent was gathering.

Fine lines appeared on the Heavenly Doctor's body, but he simply patted himself, and those lines vanished in an instant as if they had never appeared.

The Heavenly Doctor smiled as he looked at the master and said, "Why so angry for a little fight?"

His smile suddenly disappeared, and his expression turned extremely cold.

"Getting angry is a disease."

"It's a disease..."

"And diseases need to be treated."

Outside the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, Li Fan's expression changed dramatically. He immediately activated all the defensive talismans on his body, accelerated to the maximum speed, and fled backward.

A shockwave erupted from the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, sweeping through the entire Cong Yun Sea in an instant. Then, its remaining force continued to spread towards the surrounding regions.

For a moment, the entire cultivation world sensed the events occurring in the Cong Yun Sea, and it seemed that several colossal consciousnesses communicated with each other.

Subsequently, silence descended upon them all.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 124: Gambling on Fish


Under the impact of the shockwave, Li Fan felt like a withered leaf blown uncontrollably by the fierce wind and was blasted hundreds of miles away before he could barely steady himself.

Fortunately, this shockwave was just for show and didn't have any real destructive power.

It was as if the power was restrained, only stirring up a huge wave that spread throughout the Cong Yun Sea, without causing any other damage.

It felt like all thunder but little lightning.

But Li Fan didn't dare to take it lightly at all. This kind of ultimate control over power was even more indicative of the other's terrifying strength.

The lock-on of the Formless Killing Intent had disappeared, and obviously, the unlucky cultivator had unfortunately died in the fight between the two masters.

But Li Fan was undeterred, and on the contrary, he flew back towards the direction of Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Soon, he could see Cloud Water Heavenly Palace again.

Only now, the huge blue transparent building was stained with a layer of black.

Above, dark thick clouds gathered and thunder rumbled continuously.

A huge whirlpool appeared above Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, seemingly wanting to swallow this recently unsealed building again.

The entire sky shook and trembled, the continuous buildings tilted, slowly collapsing towards the center of the whirlpool.

There seemed to be unwilling, angry howls coming out of Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

But they could not change the reality of its slow disappearance.

After a while, this sect that had only reappeared in this world for a little over five years disappeared again from this land.

Soon after, the dark thunderclouds also gradually dispersed.

The sky and the sea quickly regained the calm scene of light clouds and gentle breeze.

"Cloud Water Heavenly Palace is sealed again? This didn't happen in my previous life."

"Is it because of the statue of the Heavenly Doctor that I delivered?"

In that instant, many thoughts flashed through Li Fan's mind.

"So in my previous life, Sikong Yi privately kept the small carving and didn't deliver it to Cloud Water Heavenly Palace?"

"He dared to do that? Unafraid of death by virtue of the Sun Stealing Token?"

"No, there's another possibility. The Heavenly Doctor didn't give the white statue to Sikong Yi."

"But he gave it to my clone Fan Lin..."

"If that's really the case, did he notice something?"

The bizarre wailing scene in Cloud Water Heavenly Palace appeared in his mind again, and Li Fan was also full of doubts.

"What exactly did the Heavenly Doctor do that caused such resentment against him from the entirety of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace..."

Li Fan recalled the first time he met the Heavenly Doctor.

"I'm just a stubborn old man who should have died but didn't."

"...Use this carving to accompany them instead of me..."

When the Heavenly Doctor said these words, his expression was regretful and full of emotion, not at all insincere.

But the more so, the more Li Fan felt a chill in his heart.

"No matter what, this one called Heavenly Doctor is too dangerous. His strength far exceeds my previous estimates. My clone has already appeared in his sights, so my true self must never contact him again."

"After all, this world is not a static system. Unintentional actions can often lead to many unexpected changes."

"In the future, I still need to be more careful and prudent."

"And that sword..."

"Just what other secrets are still hidden in this Cong Yun Sea?" Li Fan sighed and lost the mood to wander around anymore, hurriedly returning to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, he searched for more information related to "Heavenly Doctor" and "Master", but there were only some recent discussions among cultivators.

No valuable information at all.

Li Fan was not surprised.

In the following period of time, Li Fan resumed the leisurely life he had on the island before.

Occasionally when he discovered cultivators on the island who were about to break through to the Foundation Establishment stage, he would use the Formless Killing Intent to lock onto them, using it to comprehend and accumulate the true meaning of Foundation Establishment.

He also took on some tasks from time to time to accumulate contribution points.

He planned to exchange for Heavenly Treasures in the Tianxuan Mirror, then use them to empower [Truth], to unlock the second anchor point.

He already had a rough plan in mind for how to specifically use the second anchor point.

The specifics would have to wait until after it was unlocked.

Monotonous cultivation was not the entirety of a cultivator's life.

The vast majority of cultivators were not madmen like Zhang Haobo who cultivated 24 hours a day.

They also had their own hobbies and leisure pastimes.

In the Cong Yun Sea, the most popular one was undoubtedly gambling on fish.

On the northwest border of the Cong Yun Sea, there was a solitary island surrounded on all sides by steep cliffs.

Seawater flowed up along the cliffs, against the current, converging in a lake at the center of the island.

Once a month, when the accumulated water in the lake reached its peak, it would burst up towards the sky, pouring the seawater back into the sea.

At this time, countless fish would be carried up, leaping in the air.

And among them, there would definitely be one fish that leaped the highest.

A few years ago, a passing cultivator happened to see this wondrous spectacle and was struck by inspiration.

He refined all the other fish in the lake into spiritual energy and fed it to the fish that leaped the highest.

That fish thus underwent metamorphosis, becoming as strong as a demonic beast, and returned to the sea.

Ever since then, more and more fish gathered in the lake on this lonely island.

Later, this cultivator had a dispute with a friend over the ownership of a treasure.

He remembered this place again and proposed that the two of them each choose a fish from the lake as their representative.

See whose fish leaped higher when the lake water erupted, and the treasure would belong to that person.

His friend thought it was interesting, so he agreed.

This move by the two attracted a few other interested cultivators, who also placed bets and joined in.

They also set up formations around the island to prevent powerful sea beasts from accidentally entering.

They would observe and select their preferred fish within 27 days. In the 3 days before the lake erupted, they had to finalize their choice, no further changes allowed.

The winner takes all, whoever's selected fish leaped the highest would obtain all the other cultivators' bets.

And if one was fortunate enough to select the fish that leaped the highest among all, it would be considered a jackpot, with double the winnings.

One had to rely entirely on one's spiritual sense to subtly observe and select the representative fish, and couldn't enhance it with spiritual energy. Once cheating was discovered, the other cultivators would jointly execute them.

After the end of the game, all the other fish will be refined into spiritual energy to feed the "fish king".

...

In the end, the cultivator's selected fish only ranked second, and he painfully lost the treasure.

But this person was not heartbroken, believing that he had just misjudged, and had found the trick to it.

So they agreed to come here again next month to have a final showdown.

The other cultivators all loudly agreed.

And so, this "fish gambling" gradually attracted more and more cultivators to participate.

Later when there were more people, the rules were slightly adjusted.

A prize pool was added.

Half of each bet went to the reward for the current round, and the other half went to the prize pool.

First place had the biggest prize, and second to tenth places were minor prizes.

The jackpot was split in half, with the first place taking half and the minor places splitting the other half evenly.

And if someone guessed the fish king, they would take all the rewards.

At the end of each year, the accumulated prize pool would be emptied out all at once, producing a super grand prize.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 125: Heaven Defying Luck?


Ever since this fish gambling started, it has become the most popular activity for cultivators in the Cong Yun Sea.

Especially during the final round of fish gambling at the end of each year, the number of participating cultivators was so great that the solitary island was almost filled to capacity.

Everyone was hoping to strike it rich overnight.

During the fish gambling at the end of the 16th year, Li Fan also went to join in the lively atmosphere.

He discovered that there was some skill to this fish gambling; it wasn't as simple as just relying on luck.

One must know that the fish in this island's lake came from all over the Cong Yun Sea.

For those who could traverse thousands of miles to get here, each one's strength was considerable.

During the 27-day observation period, these fish had to ensure their survival within the lake, while also accumulating power and making preparations for the final leap into the sky.

And on the final day when the lake erupted, the position of each fish within the lake also largely determined the eventual leaping height.

Hundreds of thousands of fish were intertwined in this lake, struggling against each other.

That one lucky fish not only had to defeat its competitors but in the end also had to rely on fortune, hoping that the erupting waters were strongest in its area in order to become the final winner.

How difficult!

Li Fan's divine sense flowed among the hundreds of thousands of fish for a long time but didn't find one particularly suitable.

In the end, he could only randomly choose a fish that looked rather strong before the deadline.

As a result, this fish actually couldn't survive the remaining three days. Before the lake erupted, it was swallowed by two other fish teaming up.

Li Fan shook his head, resigned to his bad luck.

The final result came out: the fish that leaped above all others turned out to be a sickly-looking inconspicuous white pomfret.

This fish had barely managed to survive in the lake before, but unexpectedly it was the one who had the last laugh.

The cultivators used the recorded images to discover that this white pomfret had heaven defying luck.

When the lake erupted, it just happened to be at the point with the strongest current.

After accumulating power all this time, with many factors compounding, it was able to shoot into the sky and take first place.

No one could have predicted it, and they could only regretfully watch this white pomfret.

Li Fan locked onto it with Formless Killing Intent, carefully memorizing its appearance in his mind.

"I wonder if this same fish will be the final winner again in the next life?" Li Fan randomly thought.

After fish gambling ended, some were happy and some were worried.

But what needed to be done still had to be done.

The group of cultivators jointly worked swiftly. In an instant, all the fish in the lake aside from that white pomfret were refined into spiritual energy.

The white pomfret swallowed this ball of spiritual energy, and its body instantly expanded several fold.

Its teeth became as sharp as blades, and blood-red streaks even emerged between its scales, an ominous aura bursting out from within.

In a short time, this white pomfret had seemingly already completed the metamorphosis that the other fish struggled towards for a lifetime but still might not have achieved.

After releasing this white pomfret back into the sea, the group of cultivators departed together.

Li Fan went along with them.

Halfway there, Li Fan was suddenly taken aback.

Because in the perception of Formless Killing Intent, the aura of that white pomfret which had just completed its metamorphosis and ascended in one step, was rapidly declining.

"Hmm? What's the situation?" Li Fan was a little curious, immediately activating the Vision of Heaven and Earth.

In his vision, five ugly and extremely ferocious-looking fish were surrounding and attacking the white pomfret.

Each of these fish was not inferior in strength to the freshly metamorphosed white pomfret.

Ganged up on, how could it withstand the onslaught?

Soon it was already grievously injured and on its last legs.

Li Fan saw clearly that these five fish had a mixture of refined blood and energy in them. Obviously, they didn't naturally evolve to this level, clearly showing traces of artificial cultivation.

"Interesting, these are all the previous years' winning fish?" Li Fan understood the cause and effect in an instant.

These fish that obtained good fortune, because of the obstruction from the outer formations of the solitary island, could not enter the lake again to participate in fish gambling.

But they had already vaguely developed intelligence, knowing that each month here a new fish king would be born.

Thus, they lay in wait here, joining forces to strangle these newly born fish kings and eat their flesh and blood.

Unable to obtain good fortune themselves, but able to eat those who did, the effect was the same.

Under Li Fan's gaze, the white pomfret that the group of cultivators just spoke of having "Heaven's Will" and "heaven defying luck" was reduced to bones in an instant, buried in the bellies of the five fish.

Only the slowly rising crimson blood stain in the seawater proved that it once existed.

After eating their fill, the spiritual energy in the five strange fish swelled a bit more.

Satisfied, they swayed their heads and left.

Li Fan watched this scene from afar, falling deep in thought.

Returning to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, he didn't choose to enter secluded cultivation in the Tianxuan Mirror.

Instead, he narrowed his eyes, looking up at the sky, then looked at the statue of the elderly man overlooking all life on the island.

Feeling ever more sentimental.

"Perhaps there is nothing new in this world..."

Li Fan realized.

Time continued to slowly tick by.

In the 17th year, Zhang Haobo's cultivation had broken through to mid Foundation Establishment.

Li Fan observed for a while and discovered he no longer endlessly practiced the Sea Fixing Sword Technique.

Instead, he once again embarked to follow after the winds.

Only now, different from before, wherever Zhang Haobo arrived at the scene of a wind calamity, he would dance with his sword along the wind.

The 108 Sea Fixing Swords combined into a giant blue sword.

Zhang Haobo, facing the howling frenzied winds, slashed against them.

The roaring wind calamity seemed to weaken under his endless sword slices.

But this trend was very weak. If not for Li Fan's Vision of Heaven and Earth revealing the minute shifts in the flow of spiritual energy between heaven and earth, it would be hard to notice.

Yet Zhang Haobo appeared unconcerned by failure or humiliation.

Unwilling to give up, he continued to pursue one wind calamity after another.

Honing his sword intent in the winds.

"Looks like his next breakthrough is not far off." Li Fan did not feel the slightest envy towards his rapid progress.

From the moment he obtained [Truth] and entered the cultivation world, Li Fan was clear that speed of cultivation was completely unimportant to him.

Accumulating steadily over life after life, building an extremely solid foundation, that was what he should do.

And after seeing the white pomfret get eaten after winning, he became even more firm in this understanding.

Only by cultivating through hundreds of lifetimes was there a sliver of a chance to break out of this dead end.

...

Li Fan's days on Ten Thousand Immortals Island continued as peaceful as always.

In the middle of the 17th year, Li Fan accumulated over eight thousand contribution points and bought two low grade Human Treasures.

He went out for a trip and then sacrificed them to unlock the second anchor point of [Truth].

He didn't immediately set the anchor. Li Fan planned to see how the third anchor point was unlocked before deciding.

However, not long after this, Li Fan's peaceful life was disrupted.

He received a summons from the Hall of Heavenly Secrets of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, requiring him to assist in an investigation. It involved the mysterious deaths of two Nascent Soul cultivators, six Golden Core cultivators, nineteen Foundation Establishment cultivators, and numerous Qi Condensation cultivators.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 126: Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation


The Hall of Heavenly Secrets is located in the central core area of Ten Thousand Immortals Island. A message instructed him to go to the entrance of the area, and someone would guide him.

Li Fan was curious about this mysterious death incident, so he wasted no time and headed straight to the central core area.

Soon, the imposing buildings in the central area of Ten Thousand Immortals Island came into view.

A prominent seven-colored barrier and a surrounding moat separated the core area from the central cave residence district.

Li Fan stood on a small bridge, waiting for the reception.

He keenly sensed that since he stepped onto the bridge, the colorful floating light above had locked onto him.

Fearless, Li Fan lifted his head and carefully observed the seven-colored radiance.

It seemed to be part of the Ten Thousand Immortals Island's Guardian Formation but stood independently, possessing formidable power.

"I wonder what kind of formation this is," Li Fan pondered.

Before long, a Foundation Establishment cultivator in a black and yellow robe hurriedly arrived.

He glanced at Li Fan, confirmed his identity, and then simply instructed him to follow closely and not wander.

Then, he walked inside.

The lock on by the seven-colored radiance dissipated, and Li Fan calmly followed behind.

As he walked, he observed his surroundings.

All the cultivators here wore black and yellow robes, just like the guide. Their faces were serious, and they seemed extremely busy.

"This must be the so-called internal branch," Li Fan thought.

Council Chamber, Medicine Hall, Talisman Hall, Martial Hall...

Passing by various buildings, he finally arrived at the entrance of the Hall of Heavenly Secrets.

Compared to other places, this area seemed much quieter.

Occasionally, he encountered one or two cultivators whose cultivation levels were unclear, sitting with closed eyes and seemingly calculating something.

The guide led Li Fan to a room and quietly left.

The room was filled with fragrance, and a cultivator with his back to Li Fan was looking up at a massive map of the Cong Yun Sea.

Li Fan focused his gaze and on the map, countless markings covered it densely.

There were blue winds, red forks, black dots...

Moreover, these markings moved and changed on the map as if they were living creatures.

"What is this..." Li Fan's mind was slightly moved, and he carefully observed the map.

Unexpectedly, after just a few glances, he felt a dizzying sensation. He quickly shifted his gaze, not daring to look again.

So, Li Fan stood in the room for quite a while. The cultivator turned around.

He was a young man with a scholarly appearance, looking like he was in his twenties.

His face was weak and sickly.

He coughed a few times, waved his hand, and dozens of miniaturized figures appeared in front of Li Fan.

"Do you recognize these people?"

Li Fan looked over, focusing his divine sense on one of the figures.

"Mao Fei, Foundation Establishment cultivator. Cause of death: attacked by ocean-depth beasts while going out."

Li Fan switched to another person.

"Qiao Guangyu, mid Golden Core cultivator. Cause of death: lost control of his mind while comprehending the laws of heaven and earth, self-destructed."

Li Fan's eyelids twitched, and he switched to another person.

"Ling Meng, mid Nascent Soul cultivator. Cause of death: accidentally fell in ancient ruins while searching for opportunities."

...

After checking each of these images, Li Fan's heart suddenly sank.

He naturally knew all these people.

All of them were the individuals who had entered the thatched cottage back then.

He originally thought it was a great opportunity to advance a minor realm.

Unexpectedly, it turned out to be a deadly trap.

The retribution did not come immediately but in the near future.

The Master was deadly!

"Moreover, the method of death..."

Li Fan was all too familiar with it.

Isn't it the killing intent of heaven and earth?

However, why would accepting the Master's opportunity attract the killing intent of heaven and earth?

Master, Heavenly Doctor, Cloud Water Heavenly Palace Palace...

Countless thoughts flashed through Li Fan's mind in an instant.

While pondering, he didn't forget to nod and reply, "Indeed, I had some interaction with these people."

Li Fan then recounted the scene of the blue ox pulling the cart and the bamboo slips teaching.

The weak-looking cultivator seemed to have known this already and showed no surprise. Instead, he looked at Li Fan with interest and asked, "The chance was ahead of you. So many people were present at the time. Why didn't you go in?"

Li Fan still used the same excuse as before.

The weak cultivator listened without commenting, but he didn't argue with Li Fan either.

He just smiled and said, "You are quite fortunate."

Turning his head to look at the images of the cultivators who died mysteriously, he sighed, "When heaven wants you dead, you have to die."

After a while, he said to Li Fan, "You can go back. I know this has nothing to do with you, but as the sole survivor of the incident, you still need to go through the necessary procedures. That's why I summoned you here for some inquiries."

Li Fan nodded and took another glance at the map on the wall before leaving quietly.

Faintly, as if he could hear a faint sigh from the room, "One more case."

Li Fan's steps paused briefly but then returned to normal.

Coming out of the Hall of Heavenly Secrets, Li Fan's doubts surged.

"One more case? What does that mean?"

"Does it refer to the bizarre deaths or the heaven and earth's killing intent?"

"With the invisible influence of the heavens, how did he remember?"

Li Fan recalled the countless markings on that map.

"Perhaps, although specific events cannot be remembered, observing the effects brought about by events can indirectly confirm that the events did indeed happen."

"For example, when numerous Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators suddenly died at the same moment..."

While walking, Li Fan contemplated.

His thoughts were interrupted by a noisy crowd ahead.

These people all wore black and yellow robes, looked relatively young, and seemed inexperienced in the ways of the world.

Their cultivations were only in the Foundation Establishment early stage, indicating that they had just begun their cultivation journey.

They looked up at the flowing seven-colored brilliance in the sky, pointing and talking excitedly.

The leader was relatively older, with a long beard.

He said, "This is the core area equipped with the Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation found at every Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance territory. It's a modified ancient formation and is extremely powerful. Even an ordinary Nascent Soul cultivator who inadvertently fell into the formation would immediately perish."

"So powerful!"

"Master Gong, Master Gong, I wonder how long we have to learn before we can set up such a formidable formation!"

Master Gong chuckled, "You youngsters have just learned to walk and already want to fly."

"Well, let me think."

"Generally speaking, when you break through to the Foundation Establishment stage, you can try setting up the island protection formation."

"In the Golden Core stage, you can barely participate in maintaining the Ten Thousand Immortals Guardian Formation."

"As for this Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation here..."

Master Gong smiled but didn't answer.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 127: Fate from the Past


"Master Gong, with your proficiency in the Dao of formations, setting up the Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation should be easy for you."

"No need to say, Master Gong is one of the top formation masters in the Cong Yun Sea."

"That's right. Didn't you see Master Gong personally involved in maintaining the formations every year?"

The group of young cultivators chattered, creating a commotion.

Master Gong, on the side, had a pleased expression, stroking his beard and smiling.

"A formation master." Li Fan saw this scene and felt a stir in his heart.

He almost forgot someone's dying request.

Immediately, he adjusted his expression and asked from a distance, "Senior, are you Master Gong?"

The bearded cultivator was slightly startled, turned his head, and looked at Li Fan.

There was some surprise in his eyes, but it flashed by, well concealed.

He smiled and said, "I am Gong Boyu. May I know the name of the junior?"

Li Fan was excited, "I'm Li Fan. Master Gong, it's really hard to find you. I've been wanting to meet you for a long time!"

Gong Boyu felt a bit awkward but patiently asked, "Why is junior looking for me?"

Li Fan sighed, his face full of emotion, "It's a request from someone!"

"My friend, He Zhenghao, left behind a scroll called 'Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram.'"

As Li Fan was speaking, he was abruptly interrupted by Gong Boyu's intense emotions.

"What, you're a friend of Daoist He? He left a formation work in your possession?" Gong Boyu's expression was strange, seeming a bit incredulous and a bit delighted.

He flickered and appeared next to Li Fan.

Li Fan felt his shoulder being grabbed for an instant, and then the scenery in front of him changed.

When he reacted, he had already arrived in front of a diagonally standing cubic building.

This cubic building seemed to be entirely made of some kind of metal, emitting a cold and bright light in the sunlight.

"Follow me." Gong Boyu said to Li Fan, then walked into the building.

Li Fan followed, entering it.

As soon as he stepped inside, the surroundings darkened. The seemingly large building on the outside turned out to be a cramped space inside.

Just as Li Fan found it strange, he suddenly felt a tremor under his feet, and the square space he was in seemed to be moving.

After that, the walls and floor became transparent. Li Fan realized that the space inside seemed to have been cut into numerous independent small squares.

Each square moved rapidly according to some trajectory, and faintly, the busy figures of cultivators could be seen inside.

After a period of time, as if hitting something, the small square he was in stopped.

The seamless connection was instantly completed, and the surrounding scenery changed suddenly.

The space became several times larger, and there were several tables and chairs inside, seemingly a place for receiving guests.

Inviting Li Fan to sit down, Gong Boyu asked with a smiling face, "I wonder if the junior can let me take a look at the 'Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram' you mentioned?"

Li Fan had no reason to refuse.

He had long deleted the message left by He Zhenghao in the jade slip after saving a few backups. At this moment, Li Fan took out one and handed it over.

Feeling emotional, he said, "Daoist He asked me to take care of it before he set off to explore the cave. He was afraid that he might encounter something unexpected, and his lifelong effort would be buried. So he handed the 'Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram' to me, instructing that if he passed away, I should give it to Master Gong here. I hope you can complete this unfinished work for him."

Gong Boyu carefully read the jade slip. His expression alternated between amazement and confusion.

After a while, he carefully put away the jade slip and said to Li Fan, "Ah, although Daoist He's cultivation level is a bit low, his talent in the Dao of formations is truly admirable. It's a pity..."

"The heavens are envious of talents!"

Then, he solemnly said to Li Fan, "Rest assured, I will do my best to complete it. I won't let Daoist He's work be left in the dust."

After that, he handed a communication talisman to Li Fan, "After completion, I will inform you immediately. By then, I will also provide you with a copy."

After pondering for a moment, Gong Boyu added, "This 'Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram' is of great help to our Formation Hall. Even I would greatly benefit from seeing some of its novel insights."

“Going through all that trouble to deliver it to me is an accomplishment. I'll transfer 20,000 contribution points to you later.”

Li Fan hadn't predicted another unexpected gain and hurriedly expressed his gratitude.

Watching Gong Boyu immerse himself again in He Zhenghao's work, Li Fan was about to leave but found himself in an awkward situation.

He didn't know how to leave.

He had no choice but to disturb Gong Boyu again.

"Don't you understand anything about the Dao of formations?" Gong Boyu was surprised.

He then took out another jade slip, saying, "This is the basic course for the introduction to formations for our Formation Hall. While cultivating, you can also study it. When Daoist He's work is completed, you won't be completely ignorant."

"Remember, do not spread it to others."

"You can go now!"

After that, he waved his hand.

Li Fan felt a vibration under his feet, and the surrounding space detached, forming a three-dimensional cube again.

It quickly moved in the direction it came from.

Soon, it sent him back to the entrance of the Formation Hall.

Walking out of this uniquely designed building, Li Fan looked up again.

"There are still a dozen years, I hope you can complete it in time."

Returning to the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan took out the jade slip given by Gong Boyu and couldn't help but smile.

Compared to various entry-level formation books on the market, the teaching content in this jade slip was progressive and thorough.

Moreover, it was clear and detailed.

From basic theory to practical formation setup, it was like receiving personal guidance.

In his previous life on Tai'an Island, Li Fan had also tried to set up a seawater purification formation.

But even for such a rudimentary formation, Li Fan had spent almost half a month.

The Dao of formations was truly vast and complex.

With this jade slip, however, things would be much easier.

In the ancient cultivation world, this could be considered at least half of a true inheritance.

After all, the content in this jade slip couldn't be bought with contribution points.

"Good, good, good! Daoist He, you're still helping me even after death!"

Li Fan's spirit was lifted, and he exclaimed his joy.

He then immersed himself in the study, as if hungry for knowledge.

Lost in the mysteries of formations, he didn't notice the passage of time.

After an unknown period, he was awakened by a faint spiritual perception in his heart.

After checking the time, it was already the 18th year.

"Studying formations takes more time than cultivation." Li Fan couldn't help but marvel.

In his perception, it seemed that only a few days had passed.

"However, why did I suddenly wake up?"

Li Fan furrowed his brows, recalling past events one by one.

...

"Three years ago, my sister was noticed by a passing immortal, who took her away. At first, she would send us messages through others, assuring us of her safety. But later, we never heard from her again."

So that's the reason!

Li Fan suddenly understood.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 128: Cutting Through the Wind Disaster with a Sword


"A Treasure Seer Physique? Indeed, it is quite an extraordinary physique. But..."

Li Fan furrowed his brows and said, "I have [Truth] in hand, which is more formidable than this Treasure Seer Physique by more than a hundred times."

"Moreover, in my previous life, I only had a transaction with Yin Yuzhen. We don't owe each other anything, and our fate has come to an end."

"How could it come to the point of my spiritual perception reminding me?"

You should know that in Li Fan's many years of cultivation, there were only a few instances of such a spontaneous feeling from the depths of his heart. This kind of sudden inspiration for cultivators was either a crisis warning or related to some kind of opportunity.

It was mysterious, yet one had no choice but to believe.

After contemplating for a while, Li Fan seemed to have an insight, "Could it be related to the cultivator who took away Yin Yueting?"

"It's somewhat interesting. I might as well go and meet him."

Li Fan checked his current contribution points.

The promised 20,000 contribution points from Gong Boyu had already been credited. Adding up the contribution points accumulated from previous tasks, he had a total of 23,510 points.

So, Li Fan used the Tianxuan Mirror to purchase two Human Treasures, one of low grade and one of medium grade.

It cost a total of 8,200 contribution points.

After leaving Ten Thousand Immortals Island, he arrived at a deserted area.

First, he took out the low-grade Human Treasure and touched it with his hand.

"Discover chargeable item: Resentful Bamboo."

"Do you want to consume it to charge?"

Li Fan chose yes.

The Resentful Bamboo disappeared in his hand, and the advancement of [Truth] appeared in due course.

"Current anchor charging progress: 10%."

"Current anchor points: 1."

"Current available anchor points: 1."

Next, Li Fan took out another medium-grade Human Treasure: Gloomy Staff.

After charging, the progress reached 20%.

The 8,200 contribution points disappeared in the blink of an eye, and Li Fan was left with empty hands, silently pondering.

"For the second anchor's charging, the first and second times were the damaged Stone Tablet of Prohibition, increasing the progress by 25% each."

"The third and fourth times used two complete low-grade Human Treasures, increasing the progress by 30% each."

"But when unlocking the third anchor, it only increased the progress by 10%. Moreover, it seems that there is no difference for [Truth] between low-grade and medium-grade Human Treasures. I wonder if the Heavenly and Earthly Human Treasures would increase the charging progress more."

"In the future, it will definitely become more challenging to add anchor points. Once an anchor is set, it cannot be changed."

"The use of anchor points still needs to be handled with caution."

After the experiment, Li Fan headed towards Night Island.

Night Island was located north of Liuli Island and had no cultivator guarding it, naturally lacking a teleportation formation.

He still needed to teleport to the nearest Liuli Island first and then fly over.

...

Night Island, Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

Li Fan flew into the air, hiding his figure and eavesdropping on the conversation between the two sisters.

The two sisters looked extremely alike.

However, the younger sister, Yin Yuzhen, was far less mature than the one he had seen in the previous life. She looked green, even a bit naive, and her body hadn't fully developed, appearing relatively slender.

While the older sister, Yin Yueting, although of average age, possessed a temperament far too mature for her age.

At the moment, she was picking through a pile of scrap metal in the room, looking for something.

Yin Yuzhen, on the other hand, stood on the side, looking bored, occasionally yawning.

Yin Yueting picked out a few small cauldrons, wiped the sweat from her forehead, and was full of joy.

"These small cauldrons should have some age to them. The Wanhua Chamber of Commerce will definitely buy them. This time, we can make a good profit."

"Sister, when are we going to eat?" Yin Yuzhen completely ignored her sister's words, rubbing her stomach and muttering.

Yin Yueting was somewhat helpless. "Little sister, you also need to learn to identify treasures. If one day your sister is not around, and you are still so absent-minded, what will we do?"

Yin Yuzhen ran over with a playful smile, hugged Yin Yueting's arm, and kept shaking it, saying, "No, sister. You know my abilities."

"Foretelling good fortune and avoiding disaster! It's amazing! Plus, with your Treasure Seer Physique, what difficulty can't we overcome together!"

She lowered her voice, mysteriously saying, "Sister, the faintly bad premonition I had before waking up this morning has completely disappeared."

"Instead, I feel that something great is about to happen soon..."

Yin Yueting's eyes also lit up. "Really?"

The two sisters whispered to each other for a while, then burst into laughter and playfulness.

...

"Foretelling good fortune and avoiding disaster?" Li Fan, who received unexpected news, narrowed his eyes.

"No wonder this little girl was so decisive in her actions in my previous life."

"If someone with this talent can step onto the path of immortal cultivation, their advantages would be even greater than the Treasure Seer Physique."

"Identifying treasure, foretelling good fortune and avoiding disaster, only one more peerless combat physique is needed."

"Hehehe..."

Li Fan seemed to think of something and couldn't help but burst into a low, deep laugh.

After that, Li Fan secluded himself near the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, waiting for the arrival of that cultivator.

The gradually settling spiritual perception also confirmed Li Fan's speculation.

Of course, Li Fan wasn't just wasting time; he was diligently studying the introductory formation techniques gifted by Gong Boyu.

Days passed one by one.

Li Fan had been waiting for almost a month, and that cultivator still hadn't appeared.

However, Li Fan was not in a hurry.

One day, Li Fan suddenly felt something.

The Formless Killing Intent was activated, and his perspective instantly switched to Zhang Haobo.

After a year, the face of this "Son of Heaven" had become more resolute.

His eyes seemed to hide an abyss, making it difficult for people to fathom.

Zhang Haobo hovered in mid-air, and brilliant blue lights like stars converged from all directions, accompanied by strands of blue radiance.

All were absorbed by him.

In an instant, the intensity of his aura increased by nearly half, and Zhang Haobo stepped into the late Foundation Building stage.

"In just six short years, he has leaped from an ordinary person to the late Foundation Building stage. When destiny and talent mutually complement each other, it's truly incredible."

"Obviously, this is far from his limit."

After breaking through, Zhang Haobo showed no intention of resting at all.

He moved through the air towards a nearby site of a minor wind disaster.

Fierce winds raged, creating towering waves with deafening roars.

Zhang Haobo roared into the sky and 108 Sea Fixing Swords merged into one, transforming into a blue light as he swung the sword.

The wind stalled.

Endless water attribute spiritual energy surged from the ocean below, rapidly replenishing Zhang Haobo's consumption.

In an instant, another blue brilliance met the roaring storm as he slashed once more.

The wind stalled again.

Zhang Haobo continued to wield the giant blue sword against the raging winds and the vast sea, continuously resisting the wind disaster.

The blue light never ceased, while the force of the wind gradually slowed.

Finally, this small-scale wind disaster that was supposed to last another three or four days was prematurely terminated.

The blue brilliance suddenly shattered, turning into countless tiny raindrops, dissolving into the heavens and earth.

Zhang Haobo had cut through the wind disaster with a sword.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 129: Second Young Master Zhao’s Purchase


Having dispelled a wind disaster, Zhang Haobo's face showed no emotional fluctuations. He raised his head, glanced at the sky, and continued flying towards the next location of a wind disaster.

...

"From chasing the wind to cutting through the wind. What's your next move?"

"There's not much time left for you, hehe."

Li Fan chuckled and shifted his focus.

He resumed studying the introductory formation techniques in the jade slip.

After another month, Li Fan's expression changed, and he put away the jade slip.

The cultivator he had been waiting for finally appeared.

In Li Fan's perception, this mid Qi Condensation stage cultivator showed no intention of hiding his aura. He swaggered towards the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

The Formless Killing Intent immediately locked onto him, and Li Fan's Insect Binding Technique was ready to be unleashed. However, when he was about to subdue the cultivator, a hint of surprise flashed across Li Fan's face.

Surprisingly, the cultivator showed no interest in finding Yin Yueting. Instead, he walked into the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, shouting excitedly.

"Has the new stock for this month arrived? Show it to me quickly!"

Seeing him, the young clerk from the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion warmly greeted him, "Oh, Second Young Master Zhao is here! Come, come, this way! We've received quite a few rare treasures in these past months, especially set aside for you!"

Overjoyed, Second Young Master Zhao hurriedly followed the clerk into the treasure storage of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

Pointing to several items displayed separately on the shelves, the young clerk said, "According to your instructions, we've collected all the items with these special patterns for you."

Second Young Master Zhao walked up quickly, picked up a small tripod from the shelf, and carefully examined it.

"Not bad, not bad." After a moment, he nodded in satisfaction.

Then, he lifted a slightly cracked celadon vase into the air for closer inspection.

"The pattern does match the style of that place."

Second Young Master Zhao was quite pleased.

He went through each item on the shelf, praising them endlessly, "You guys at Heavenly Treasure Pavilion are efficient. In just a few months, you've collected so many treasures for me!"

"Unlike other shops, they're all worthless!"

"Especially that so-called Wanhua Chamber of Commerce. They boast loudly but can't find a few useful items in a year."

Second Young Master Zhao cursed vehemently.

Then, he patted the young clerk on the shoulder with a smile, "Pack up these things for me, and deliver them to the old place."

The clerk, grinning, nodded incessantly.

When settling the bill, Second Young Master Zhao took out a handful of gold leaves from his pocket, tossed them over without looking, and said, "No need for change. Consider the extra as your reward."

"Remember, for the items with the patterns I instructed, I want as many as you can find."

He raised his head, spoke magnanimously, and added, "Your Heavenly Treasure Pavilion is reliable. Why confine yourselves to this small Night Island? I can see your business growing bigger and spreading throughout the Cong Yun Sea in the future!"

Second Young Master Zhao praised, then hummed a tune and was about to leave.

The young clerk, feeling proud, couldn't help but say, "Certainly! Our shopkeeper..."

Before he could finish his words, the elderly steward beside him gave him a slap on the head, interrupting him.

The young clerk realized it was inappropriate, covering his head and falling silent.

Second Young Master Zhao's eyes turned, but he didn't say much. A hint of a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. He continued humming and left, reaching a small courtyard on Night Island.

After the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion's staff delivered the items, Second Young Master Zhao closed the gate.

A flying boat suddenly appeared in the courtyard. Second Young Master Zhao carefully moved these items into the flying boat.

Then, he performed a spell to conceal the flying boat's appearance, left Night Island, and flew north.

...

Watching all this from start to finish, Li Fan couldn't help but become interested.

Every move of this Second Young Master Zhao revealed an air of peculiarity.

Disguising himself as a mortal, collecting antiques.

Although he had a storage ring, he insisted on using a flying boat and personally transporting the items.

What did he mean by "that place," and what was so special about it that this mid Qi Condensation stage cultivator was so concerned about?

At least for now, Li Fan understood why Yin Yueting was sought out by Second Young Master Zhao in the previous life.

Certainly, someone in the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion had inadvertently leaked information.

That clerk might not know the specifics of Yin Yueting's Treasure Seer Physique, but he was undoubtedly aware that their shopkeeper possessed special abilities to discern treasures.

And how could a mortal withstand scrutiny from a cultivator?

Exposure was inevitable.

Second Young Master Zhao would surely come back to look for Yin Yueting.

Li Fan decided to wait for him here.

First, he wanted to see where Second Young Master Zhao would transport the collected treasures.

From the Vision of Heaven and Earth, the flying boat headed north, swiftly flying for two days until it reached an extremely open sea area.

There were no islands around, only a straight and massive rock pillar standing alone in the sea.

The middle of the rock pillar seemed to be completely hollowed out, creating several small rooms.

Second Young Master Zhao landed the flying boat on the top of the pillar and tirelessly moved the items inside one room.

Li Fan observed that not only this room but several others were neatly arranged with similar items.

The patterns on them were identical to the ones Second Young Master Zhao had bought this time.

Clearly, he had been collecting these things for a long time.

After appreciating them with great pleasure, Second Young Master Zhao reluctantly lifted the flying boat and returned to Night Island.

As he left, the rock pillar slowly descended, shrinking back into the sea.

Two days later, outside the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

Second Young Master Zhao, behaving stealthily, stared at Yin Yueting who was selecting treasures. His mouth nearly watered.

"So, this is the legendary Treasure Seer Physique..."

"With this little girl's help, it will be much easier for me to collect the cultural relics from that place."

His eyes were full of greed as he muttered to himself.

"Where is that place?"

A voice suddenly sounded in his ear.

Startled, Second Young Master Zhao, about to make a move, was horrified to find that he had been instantly restrained, unable to move!

"Let's go, let's have a good chat at your home."

A figure with a completely concealed aura suddenly appeared behind him.

Then, Second Young Master Zhao felt like he was being picked up like a chick and flew into the sky.

Heading rapidly towards a familiar location.

Second Young Master Zhao's heart gradually turned cold because the mysterious person didn't lie.

He actually knew the location of his base!

Thinking about the treasures he had collected over the years being taken over, Second Young Master Zhao felt a pain in his heart, almost unable to breathe.

It was more uncomfortable than his own death.

The mysterious person flew at an extremely fast speed. In just over a day, they arrived at Second Young Master Zhao's base.

"What, not inviting me in for a chat?"

The control over his body was suddenly restored, and Second Young Master Zhao heard the other party's indifferent words.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 130: Illusions Play with Hearts


Second Young Master Zhao shivered and instinctively thought about resisting.

But considering the unfathomable strength of the other party, he chose to surrender.

Feeling the cold gaze scanning him, Second Young Master Zhao put on a mournful face and said, "Alright, senior!"

Then, he performed a technique.

The rock pillar rumbled and rose from the sea, and Second Young Master Zhao, hanging his head, said dispiritedly, "Senior, please!"

After saying that, he walked into the rock pillar through the central staircase embedded within.

Li Fan swept his divine sense around.

After studying the jade slip for over a year, he was no longer ignorant of formations.

Inside the rock pillar, there were only a few simple water and dust-cleansing formations, with no traces of attack formations.

However, Li Fan did not lower his guard and activated a protective talisman, following Second Young Master Zhao inside.

It was clear that Li Fan was overly cautious.

The rock pillar could be described as quite rudimentary.

Most of it was storage rooms for the collected items.

Leading Li Fan, Second Young Master Zhao came to a relatively spacious room.

In the middle was a large table with what seemed to be a miniature model of the Cong Yun Sea.

"Senior, please sit."

Stammering, Second Young Master Zhao said with difficulty.

Li Fan calmly sat down, looking at Second Young Master Zhao's pale face, and said, "Should I ask one question at a time, or will you honestly confess?"

Second Young Master Zhao opened his mouth, wanting to say something, but could only force out a smile uglier than crying. "Senior, I don't know what I need to confess!"

Li Fan snorted coldly, and the Insect Binding Technique was activated again.

Second Young Master Zhao was immediately restrained.

Controlling the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit, a visible cold air spread from the ground, like an icy blue snake, slowly crawling onto Second Young Master Zhao.

In an instant, Second Young Master Zhao's lower body was frozen into blue ice crystals.

"I wonder, with your cultivation, can your body recover after being shattered into ice shards?" Li Fan said with some curiosity.

Fear flashed in Second Young Master Zhao's eyes, but soon, he forcibly suppressed it.

There was no sign of pleading, with a somewhat defiant attitude, as if preferring death over submission.

Li Fan also realized that Second Young Master Zhao didn't seem to be pretending.

"Interesting." Li Fan smiled, captured Second Young Master Zhao, and came to the adjacent storage room.

Second Young Master Zhao's eyes suddenly showed fear.

"Oh, the things here seem really good. You must have spent a lot of effort collecting them," Li Fan lightly traced his hand over some items that looked quite old.

"Bang!"

However, while touching a porcelain bowl, he accidentally dropped it to the ground.

"Tsk tsk tsk, I'm really sorry. I wasn't paying attention, and it broke." Li Fan expressed regret.

"Bang!"

Another piece of porcelain shattered.

Fire of anger surged in Second Young Master Zhao's eyes, glaring at Li Fan.

It seemed like he wanted to tear him to pieces.

However, as fragile antiques continued to be destroyed, Second Young Master Zhao's gaze gradually changed from ferocious to painful and then anxious.

Li Fan, on the other hand, continued without any intention of stopping.

With him leading Second Young Master Zhao through every room in the rock pillar, he destroyed all the collected items in an instant, right in front of Second Young Master Zhao.

Seeing the fragments scattered all over the floor, Second Young Master Zhao's eyes were filled with despair.

His body slackened, and control over his body was restored. Second Young Master Zhao rushed forward, sobbing uncontrollably.

The crying echoed through the sky, his heartbroken appearance making it difficult for people to bear witness.

Second Young Master Zhao cried but suddenly found that the fragments in his hands were gone.

He was still being controlled, back in the original room.

It turned out that everything that just happened was just an illusion! Emotions flipped drastically, going from extreme joy to deep sorrow, and Second Young Master Zhao almost couldn't handle it in one breath.

The restraints on his body disappeared, and Second Young Master Zhao fell to the ground.

Feeling weak all over, he struggled and ran to the adjacent storage room, seeing that his beloved collection was still intact.

Unable to hold back his joy, he cried even more miserably.

In Second Young Master Zhao's eyes, the illusion just now was ten thousand times more terrifying than the most dreadful nightmare.

He never wanted to experience that again!

"Now, do you know what you should confess?" A nightmare-like voice sounded beside his ear, making Second Young Master Zhao tremble all over. He felt that the other party's tricks of manipulating the human heart were truly terrifying!

"I'll talk, I'll talk!" He shivered and said repeatedly, fearing that Li Fan would actually destroy his entire collection.

The two returned one after the other, with Li Fan sitting and Second Young Master Zhao obediently standing on the side.

Second Young Master Zhao opened his mouth, wanting to speak but hesitating.

After a long time, Second Young Master Zhao nervously began, "Junior Zhao Erbao, a local cultivator from the Cong Yun Sea. Sixty-eight years old this year..."

Li Fan's face darkened, and he quickly interrupted, "Who asked you to confess this? I'm asking you, what's the use of the things you've collected? Where is the place you mentioned?"

"Why don't you use a storage ring for transportation and insist on using a flying boat to move things personally?"

With each question, Zhao Erbao's body trembled.

After Li Fan finished asking, Zhao Erbao, with a bitter face, said, "Senior is truly formidable; nothing can be hidden from you."

He paused, seeming to organize his words.

After a moment, he hesitated and said, "The reason why this junior has spent a lifetime collecting these antiques is that, when I was still just a mortal, I discovered a secret."

"A secret?" Li Fan looked at Zhao Erbao with interest, waiting for him to continue.

Zhao Erbao nodded. "The Zhao family, generation after generation, has been in the antique business. Influenced since childhood, I've always been interested in these relics salvaged from the deep sea."

"Perhaps due to natural talent, I can easily distinguish between genuine antiques and imitations."

"So, the family gradually entrusted me with all the identification work. I could also come into contact with numerous relics every day."

"Therefore, I gradually discovered a secret hidden in the dust of history."

"The Cong Yun Sea seems to have once harbored a lost civilization."

Zhao Erbao's expression became serious, and his eyes narrowed as if he were recalling something.

"This civilization has an extremely distinctive style, markedly different from other eras in the Cong Yun Sea."

"All the relics stored in this base belong to this civilization."

Li Fan nodded slowly. "What's special about this civilization? Although these items have some age, they seem to be just ordinary things. They shouldn't be of much use to you, a Qi Condensation cultivator."

"These items themselves are indeed not very valuable. The real treasures lie in what they carry," Zhao Erbao said.

"Do you know, senior, that the bottom of the Cong Yun Sea is littered with ruins of buildings?"

Turning the conversation abruptly, Zhao Erbao suddenly asked.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 131: Resonance of Ancient Relics


"Ruins? I'm naturally aware of them," Li Fan replied. He was a frequent visitor to the Cong Yun Sea.

Regarding the ruins scattered throughout the Cong Yun Sea, he was familiar with them as well.

"Are you implying that these ruins belong to the lost civilization you mentioned?" Li Fan asked.

Zhao Erbao shook his head. "No, no, no. These ruins are all local to the Cong Yun Sea..."

"That's not right either." Zhao Erbao scratched his head, gesturing in a circle. "In the past, the Cong Yun Sea was not a sea."

Li Fan was slightly startled.

Zhao Erbao continued, "This place was originally a piece of land. But one day..."

"It was suddenly submerged by seawater."

"The ruins at the bottom of the Cong Yun Sea belong to the civilizations that originally existed on the surface."

"Submerged by seawater..." Scenes he had witnessed in the depths of the sea flashed through Li Fan's mind.

The exit from the Grand Xuan was a deep abyss at the bottom of the sea.

Refining a clone and searching for Heavenly Crystal Spirit Sand also took place in a large-scale underwater ruin.

...

He had witnessed these underwater ruins scattered everywhere many times, coupled with having seen the Cong Yun Sea dry up.

Since this place could change from a sea to a mountain range, was it possible that this sea had once been something else as well?

In theory, he should have easily raised such a question.

However...

There was something disturbing his thoughts.

Causing him to intentionally or unintentionally ignore this point.

He even actively sought other reasons for the formation of underwater relics, such as considering them as islands destroyed by natural disasters.

Now looking back, these underwater relics, so continuous and widespread, didn't resemble the aftermath of sunken islands at all.

"This manipulative method is quite similar to that of the heavens. However, it's slightly weaker. Once one wakes up, they won't be affected anymore."

"Above Dao Integration, below an Immortal Venerable..."

In an instant, several thoughts flashed through Li Fan's mind.

Meanwhile, Zhao Erbao continued to speak.

"All the relics I've collected belong to another completely different civilization."

"It's like they fell from the sky, suddenly appearing."

"Like..."

Li Fan suddenly spoke, "Like the Cong Yun Sea itself?"

Zhao Erbao slapped his hands together excitedly. "Exactly!"

"Back then, carrying this doubt, I searched the bottom of the Cong Yun Sea and excavated everywhere."

"After studying the faults in the seabed worldwide, I made an astonishing discovery."

"Keep in mind, changes in mountains and rivers are commonplace. Perhaps one day, this vast Cong Yun Sea will turn back into land."

"But!"

Zhao Erbao raised his voice, repeating, "But!"

"When this place changed from land to ocean, it was just in an instant!"

The more Zhao Erbao spoke, the more excited he became. He walked over to the miniature Cong Yun Sea model in the room.

Pointing his finger, the model's seawater gathered into a ball and flew into Zhao Erbao's palm.

The deeply indented model slowly returned to its original state.

"Just like this!"

Holding a ball of seawater in his hand, Zhao Erbao slammed it down.

"Bang!"

Under the impact, the ground sank deep, and seawater surged out from between his fingers, instantly filling the entire depression.

The transformation from mulberry fields to a boundless sea truly occurred in the span of a single palm strike!

Li Fan couldn't help but recall the topographic map he had seen around the Cong Yun Sea before.

It was a literal gap forcefully carved out from the mainland!

"This palm, this palm..."

Li Fan was lost in thought, reminiscing about the scene from back then, his mind spinning, unable to control himself.

Zhao Erbao also withdrew his palm, staring blankly at the reshaped model of the Cong Yun Sea, lost in his own thoughts.

After a long silence, Zhao Erbao slowly spoke again, "The ancient relics I've collected should have been carried here by this boundless seawater."

Suddenly, Li Fan recalled the two sets of human bones he had seen at Master Yin's place.

"They're not the same type of people."

"So that's how it is."

Although the great powers above the Dao Integration could distort people's thoughts and conceal their traces, in the world, there were various talents who could perceive what had happened in the world by observing various clues.

His spiritual awareness became even more serene. It seemed that Zhao Erbao hadn't lied.

After pondering for a while, Li Fan spoke again, "The patterns on these relics you mentioned, are they related to that palm strike?"

After hesitating for a moment, Zhao Erbao finally confessed, "The power of that palm that formed the Cong Yun Sea was almost akin to an Immortal Venerable."

"These objects carried along with it were inevitably tainted with a trace of Dao resonance."

"Buried deep under the sea, even after thousands of years, this resonance still lingers on them."

"Just one item, the resonance is faint and imperceptible."

"But as the collected quantity increases, the residual resonances resonate with each other, becoming more pronounced."

"If it reaches a certain quantity, it might be possible to recreate the complete resonance."

"Witnessing the brilliance of that palm."

Hearing this, Li Fan's lingering spiritual awareness finally dissipated.

"So, this is where my opportunity lies."

"Sea Covering Palm..."

Zhao Erbao, seeing that Li Fan hadn't responded for a long time, cautiously continued, "The reason why I, a junior, didn't use storage rings to transfer these relics is because these residual resonances are extremely fragile."

"If they were stored and then taken out, it's likely that the lingering resonances would be destroyed."

"So I had to do it personally."

Li Fan nodded slightly, acknowledging this explanation.

"Let's go. Take me to see the resonance of the Sea Covering Palm!"

Zhao Erbao dared not refuse. Leading Li Fan, they descended the stairs along the pillar and arrived at the largest storage room.

Inside, there were hundreds of artifacts with different styles.

There were porcelain bottles, porcelain bowls, bronze small cauldrons, and even ordinary household items like iron pots and shovels.

Li Fan closed his eyes to comprehend.

In this storage room, there was indeed a peculiar rhythm slowly flowing.

However, it was still very weak, making it difficult to discern any profound mysteries.

"How many more items are needed to strengthen this strand of resonance to a perceptible level?" Li Fan asked.

Zhao Erbao hesitated, "It's hard to say. At the very least, the quantity needs to be several times more than what I've currently collected."

"These relics are scattered all over the seabed. It's extremely challenging to collect them with individual efforts."

"But..." He paused, looked at Li Fan, and said, "If that Treasure Seer Physique girl helps, it will certainly be much easier."

Li Fan smiled inexplicably.

"Then you need to hurry. There's not much time left for you."

He pointed his finger, touching Zhao Erbao's forehead.

"From now on, you'll work for me."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 132: Author’s Note


TL Note: I don't usually translate author notes, as it's usually just the author thanking his fans, but I thought you guys might be a little more interested in this one. The translation will be a little rough, but I won't count it in the rate of releases.

*****

After publishing for 66 days and writing over 270,000 words, the official launch is finally here.

I want to express my gratitude to everyone for their continuous support throughout this journey.

Let's talk about a few issues encountered during the creative process.

Some readers questioned the feasibility of ancient people discovering gunpowder and advancing technology too rapidly, as well as the reason why firearms couldn't be used in the cultivation world.

I didn't anticipate readers being concerned about these aspects. In my impression, over a decade ago, there were many novels about transmigrating and rapidly advancing technology. No one found them unreasonable, and I simply omitted certain processes.

As for why firearms couldn't be used in the cultivation world, this is a common question in every cultivation novel. Why? Because I am writing a cultivation novel. I set it up this way, and if high-tech weapons could be used in the cultivation world, it would turn into a completely different story.

There were many similar small issues, perhaps because I didn't think it through, and I didn't expect readers to be so discerning.

However, overall, these were not major problems.

What truly had a fatal impact on the structure of this book was the process from Li Fan's first arrival in the cultivation world to the discovery of the Cong Yun Sea' transformation, which was too short and rushed.

My original outline was as follows:

Li Fan went through hardships to reach Liuli Island, joined a fleet, engaged in a struggle of wits with Zhang Haobo, and, using the treasure hidden in the sea in advance, seized the position of the captain. Later, he cleansed himself in the spirit pool, arrived at Ten Thousand Immortals Island after several years, completed tasks, accumulated enough contributions, and exchanged for a water attribute cultivation technique.

I thought that from then on, the path of cultivation would be smooth, but it turned out that after only a few years, the spiritual aura of water in the world became increasingly scarce.

The cultivation speed slowed down, and the entire Cong Yun Sea was sealed, preventing entry and exit. Panic spread among cultivators, and killings gradually began.

Li Fan had to escape Ten Thousand Immortals Island and hide on a remote island.

Later, as the seawater dried up, revealing the seabed, Li Fan suddenly realized and understood the reason for the difference between what he saw in the two lifetimes.

...

Originally, I intended to write at least over a hundred chapters, similar to the first volume of Lord of the Mysteries [1], providing enough setup before revealing the reversal.

But I had to change my focus midway.

Because when the book reached a hundred thousand words, it only had a little over a hundred collections [2]. Trying to test the waters didn't work.

If I continued with the original outline, it would be a dead end.

So I had to accelerate the pace and completed the reveal in forty-something chapters.

After that, although the performance started to improve, it was still lacking somewhat.

As I said before, it was too rushed.

Inevitably, many issues arose, such as the underwater treasures being too new, not resembling treasures found in the sea at all.

But I could only try to round it off.

The second problem was that the reduction of [Truth]'s charging time by the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra was too much. At that time, with insufficient experience, I set it directly to reduce 11 years.

This also led to the need to fill in these 11 years before I could continue the plot of the previous life.

It also caused the problem of the slow progress that many readers have reflected on.

This is because I'm not just writing about this life; I also need to consider laying the groundwork for the next life's plot.

These two issues, in my opinion, had a relatively significant impact on the structure of this book.

Other issues were minor and had little impact.

Let's also talk about a few issues that received more feedback from readers.

The protagonist's cultivation progress is too slow.

This book is not a traditional leveling and monster-slaying story. Coupled with the protagonist's unique cultivation method, the progress of one lifetime is practically useless for him.



The protagonist's advantages are too overwhelming.

I have only one question: with the current skill configuration of the protagonist, if his realm was raised to Immortal, can he be the opponent of the Immortal Ancestor who passed down the law?

He doesn't even cultivate his own path; how is he going to fight?

So the advantages need to be even more overwhelming; they need to continue.



The problem with the foundation building using [Truth].

[Truth] is beyond the world, involving aspects of the laws of time. It is definitely impossible to use it for the foundation stage in the early stages.

As for how the protagonist will use [Truth] for the foundation, please wait and see.





...

Next are some explanations.

I am indeed a newcomer and not someone's alt account.

So, there may be some immaturity in my writing, and I hope everyone can understand.

I will work hard to improve myself, and I hope for your encouragement.

My job is decent, so I won't play the sympathy card.

Most of my writing relies on interest.

Being a part-timer and a novice, it's already quite difficult to write over 4,000 characters every day for more than four hours.

Maybe in the future, as my brain speed increases, my typing efficiency will improve.

As the saying goes, "The writing carries the Dao." On the first day of cultivation in He Zhenghao's first lesson, there was a passage:

"Some peaks, seemingly towering, have already exhausted their fate and cannot advance further in their lifetime. Some now are just small mounds, but who knows if, after several years, they will grow into a pillar supporting the sky?"

"Just like this mountain at your feet, inconspicuous back then, but after dozens of years, it can already overlook all the other mountains."

"Of course, more are like the countless peaks under this Cong Yun Sea, which can only serve as a foil, silently looking up at the peaks above the Cong Yun Sea."

"If mountains are like this, what about people?"

This sentence is also for myself.

At that time, the collections of this book hadn't even reached a hundred. Meanwhile, other books from the same period had already reached several thousand.

I could only encourage myself like this.

Now, with everyone's support, the achievements of this book are already better than most books from the same period.

Once again, thank you all.

Thanks to everyone who has been voting and rewarding.

Also, thanks to the editor, Dusty, for the continuous help.

It will be on the shelves at twelve o'clock tomorrow, with a possible delay of a few minutes.

First, three consecutive chapters will be released, and a couple more chapters will be added later in the evening.

If you think this book is well-written, please consider giving it a subscription.

See you all tomorrow!

*****

[1] Lord of the Mysteries is another very popular webnovel. I highly, highly recommend if you haven't read it yet.

[2] I think collections are like favorites or something like that on Qidian?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 133: The Wind Shepherd Haobo ​


Zhao Erbao felt a coolness in his forehead, as if a chilling force drilled into his brain like a living thing, then lurked into his body, disappearing.

Feeling the chill, he heard the other party say, "Don't worry, it's just some ice spiritual energy. It will automatically dissipate in a few days. No need to worry."

Zhao Erbao wanted to cry but had no tears. Who would believe that? It must be some terrifying restriction!

Thinking of his previous experience in the illusion, he shivered and quickly expressed, "Senior, rest assured, from now on, I will do whatever you say! Absolutely no disobedience!"

Li Fan smiled but didn't answer.

He didn't lie; the force he just sent into Zhao Erbao's body was indeed only ice spiritual energy created by the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit. It didn't have any specific effect, just meant to frighten.

Threats from others' words are far less terrifying than one's own suspicions.

Of course, he couldn't completely rely on scaring Zhao Erbao; necessary countermeasures were still needed. The Formless Killing Intent had already secretly locked onto him, so there was no need to worry about him running away.

After the stick, the carrot was also necessary.

Li Fan said to Zhao Erbao, "I don't need you to do anything else. Just continue to collect the relics of that unknown civilization with all your effort, as before. Every now and then, I will ask about your progress. When the Dao resonance successfully condenses, you can also comprehend it together with me." As he spoke, Li Fan handed over a one-way Communication Talisman.

Hearing this, Zhao Erbao was overjoyed and quickly accepted the talisman, expressing his loyalty again.

"Let's go meet that Treasure Seer Physique girl." Li Fan said coldly.

It took more than a day, and the two returned to Night Island.

It was already night, and in the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, the two sisters were chatting in their room.

Li Fan, accompanied by Zhao Erbao, suddenly appeared in front of them.

A faint killing intent was revealed, locking them in place.

He said indifferently, "Both of you, are you willing to work for me?"

The sudden appearance of the figure startled the two sisters, who were about to scream, but found that they couldn't make a sound.

They immediately understood the identity of the two figures before them.

Legendary immortals.

Yin Yueting's face instantly turned extremely pale, but she knew she had no choice.

Just as she was about to answer, she felt her younger sister secretly kick her right leg. She immediately relaxed and blurted out, "Immortal Master, we are willing to serve the immortals."

Li Fan shook his head inwardly, knowing that the little girl had misunderstood.

He signaled Zhao Erbao to explain.

Zhao Erbao put on the airs of an immortal and explained the whole story.

"You need to mobilize the power of the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion and work with me to collect relics."

Seeing that her special physique had been exposed, Yin Yueting pursed her lips and respectfully agreed.

Yin Yuzhen, on the other hand, lowered her head, occasionally curiously glancing at Li Fan, seemingly unafraid.

Unfortunately, Li Fan concealed his figure, and she couldn't see clearly.

After looking at the three people with different expressions, Li Fan made his final instructions.

He said to Zhao Erbao, "Night Island doesn't have cultivators stationed, so you stay here and help Heavenly Treasure Pavilion expand, improving the efficiency of the search. Of course, be cautious, don't attract the attention of other cultivators. If you're unlucky and encounter a cultivator you can't defeat, prioritize preserving your life. I will handle it when I come."

Zhao Erbao's face became serious. "Senior's consideration is thorough."

Li Fan continued, "Although these two girls are mortals, you must not oppress them. The matter of collecting relics still requires their full effort."

"I dare not, I dare not," Zhao Erbao responded repeatedly.

Yin Yueting's face showed a hint of joy, and she quickly knelt down with her younger sister, expressing that she would do her best.

Li Fan nodded, then quietly left and returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

For Li Fan, collecting the Dao resonance was just a small episode in his cultivation life.

With a casual arrangement, he would see the final result.

What Li Fan was more concerned about was the times he had sensed the existence of those powerful beings above Dao Integration.

Was it a coincidence, or did it involve some kind of inevitability?

If it's a coincidence, then so be it.

But if not, the implied meaning within it is enough to make people deeply ponder and fear.

"Immortal Gods go to great lengths to conceal their traces, but the heavens and earth guide cultivators to them by all means."

"When immortals fight, mortals suffer."

"However, opportunities are indeed genuine..."

Li Fan never believed that in the face of the Immortal Gods who rebelled against the heavens and earth, the heavens and earth would have no resistance.

Even a cornered rat will fight back, not to mention the Dao of the heavens and earth.

"However, not every cultivator may receive such guidance."

"There may be some secrets hidden within this that I don't know."

...

After returning to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Li Fan resumed studying the formation jade slips.

The collection of Dao resonance relics, under the joint supervision of Zhao Erbao and Yin Yueting, proceeded in an orderly manner.

Time passed swiftly.

In the blink of an eye, it was the 19th year.

During this time, there were no major events in the Cong Yun Sea.

However, there was an extraordinary event that caught the attention of many cultivators and became a topic of discussion during their leisure time.

The protagonist of the event was none other than Zhang Haobo.

When Li Fan took a break from seclusion, he learned about the incident through discussions among cultivators.

"Zhang Haobo is quite remarkable now. He runs to wherever there is a wind disaster. Under his sword light, those wind disasters often dissipate before they can fully form."

"Yeah, it's said that the ordinary mortals suffering from wind disasters in the Cong Yun Sea are now starting to set up altars and burn incense for him."

"Zhang Haobo? I seem to have some impression of him. Wasn't he the one who tested his sword with more than a dozen puppets in a cave before?"

"Now that you mention it, I remember. But back then, he was only in the Qi Condensation stage. How did he become so powerful in just a few years?"

"Yes, he is now in the Foundation Establishment late stage. That Wind Slashing Sword Art is also amazingly powerful. Ordinary Qi Condensation cultivators in his hands probably won't last a few rounds."

"I just went through closed-door meditation for a while, and he's already in the Foundation Establishment late stage? How?"

"He's a genius, hard to measure with common sense. I think he's currently testing his sword against the wind disasters."

"You're all talking about old news. The latest news is that he's no longer using the Wind Slashing Sword Art."

"Oh? What is he doing now?"

"If I tell you, you might not believe it. Now, he's shepherding the wind!"

"Shepherding the wind? What does that mean?"

The cultivators looked at each other in confusion, full of incomprehension.

"Hehe, you guys are all familiar with shepherding, right?"

"No... this can't be possible?"

The cultivators exclaimed.

"Shepherding the wind?" Li Fan's eyes flashed slightly.

"Zhang Haobo, what is he up to?"

The Vision of Heaven and Earth technique was activated, and the perspective immediately switched.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 134: Returning to Dali After Ten Years


In the vast sea, the fierce wind howled, creating towering waves.

Dark clouds hung low, accompanied by a raging storm.

This was a moderately-sized wind disaster.

From the perspective of the heavens and the earth, Li Fan clearly saw that this wind disaster was slowly moving in a certain direction.

And Zhang Haobo was calmly following behind the wind disaster.

Occasionally, he would release a blue light, as if a diligent gardener, pruning the direction in which the wind disaster advanced.

Although the energy contained in this storm far surpassed Zhang Haobo, a Foundation Establishment cultivator, he controlled the wind disaster like a child herding, guiding it to move in the direction he envisioned.

Li Fan faintly sensed that in the distance, another wind disaster was brewing.

"Interesting," Li Fan observed patiently.

And so, more than ten days later, the two massive storms manipulated by Zhang Haobo collided.

In an instant, a hint of green brilliance erupted in his eyes. A giant blue sword, composed of 108 Sea Fixing Swords, once again emerged, spanning the sky between the ocean and the heavens.

Compared to what Li Fan had seen before, the blue glow on this giant sword was even more profound.

The blue light unfolded, like flying scissors, rapidly trimming the two colliding storms.

Slowly, the two wind disasters blended into each other as they collided with each other.

In the end, they merged into one.

A completely new wind disaster was born.

Although this newborn wind disaster, due to the loss of some energy, was slightly less powerful than the previous two combined, it surpassed either of them individually.

Zhang Haobo looked at the newly born storm, resembling a work of art, with a satisfied expression on his face.

Looking into the distance, he selected a direction and once again drove the wind disaster, setting off.

...

Li Fan noticed that by merging these two wind disasters, Zhang Haobo's cultivation had also gained a slight improvement.

He was herding the wind, but he was also cultivating through this process.

"It seems like he's planning something big," Li Fan vaguely guessed Zhang Haobo's intentions.

Now, the deadline for the burning sea was approaching.

And Zhang Haobo was still in the Foundation Establishment stage.

Without a cultivation method for the Golden Core stage, promotion was impossible.

With his insignificant status, it was challenging, if not impossible, to see the higher-ups of Ten Thousand Immortals Island and warn them about the impending Crimson Flame.

What to do?

It seemed that he could only create a big scene to attract enough attention.

Li Fan couldn't help but anticipate the upcoming developments.

However, the current intensity of Zhang Haobo's storms was clearly insufficient to attract the attention of Soul Transformation cultivators.

It would have to brew for a while longer.

Li Fan temporarily retracted his attention.

"The ten-year deadline has arrived. It's time to visit Dali again."

After making some preparations, he set off immediately.

Arriving once again at the ruins near the entrance to Dali, Li Fan didn't rush into the ancient well but carefully observed the wreckage.

There were obviously artificially polished giant stones scattered underwater in various positions.

One could vaguely see that this place was originally a building resembling a palace.

In addition to the visible parts, many architectural remnants were covered by the seabed silt.

The entire ruin extended for several miles, suggesting that this place was once a small town.

"The original civilization..." Li Fan pondered.

Then, he set up the Tai Yan Boat and broke through the Immortal Extinction Formation, entering Dali once again.

Li Fan gazed from afar at the volcano in the center of Dali.

Compared to ten years ago, this volcano seemed to have become more active.

Entering the ruins, Li Fan conducted a thorough investigation.

It seemed to be a volcano formed purely by geological activity, without any trace of extraordinary power.

However, Li Fan always had a vague feeling.

Behind the formation of this volcano, there seemed to be something hidden.

However, with his current strength, he couldn't investigate further.

Not dwelling on it, Li Fan kept it in mind and then flew towards the Dali Capital.

He concealed his presence, not alerting the sentries on the four watchtowers of the capital.

Li Fan sensed the power of the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit that he had left inside Su Xiaomei's body, silently approaching.

On a martial arts plaza, dozens of beasts made of steel were placed.

A petite figure continuously shuttled among these beasts.

Her speed was extremely fast, leaving behind phantom images in the air.

With bare hands, she continuously struck these steel beasts, producing loud "bang" sounds.

Beside the martial arts plaza, Su Changyu and Xiao Heng stood still, watching.

Su Changyu's face showed a faint smile.

Xiao Heng, on the other hand, sighed and spoke in a frightened manner, "Changyu, how can you still smile? Haven't you noticed that Xiaomei is becoming more and more terrifying? Look at the marks she's leaving on these steel beasts. If she accidentally slaps me like that, I might be directly slapped to death!"

"I think these steel beasts won't last a few days!"

Su Changyu frowned slightly at first but then relaxed, saying, "You know Xiaomei has a special physique. She's naturally gifted with divine strength and a hot temper. In the past few years, it was still manageable because there were methods left by the Immortal Master, and Xiaomei was barely able to control her emotions."

"But now, the methods left by the Immortal Master are gradually losing their effect, and Xiaomei's self-control is getting worse."

"If she doesn't vent like this every day, I'm afraid she might unintentionally kill many people."

"However, she is still my sister. Although she is indifferent to the rest of the family, she treats you quite well. I don't know what you are afraid of."

Xiao Heng immediately became anxious, "You call this treating me well? Aren't you aware..."

Before he could finish his words, he heard a thunderous roar in the center of the martial arts plaza, "Xiao Heng, you're talking behind my back again?"

The sound hadn't faded when Su Xiaomei's figure flickered. In the blink of an eye, she appeared in front of Xiao Heng, causing a gust of wind that made Xiao Heng's hair fly.

His eyelids twitched, and he quickly shouted, "Xiaomei, I dare not speak ill of you. I was just praising your great strength!"

Su Xiaomei looked at Xiao Heng suspiciously, snorted, and didn't pursue the matter further.

"Brother!" She looked at Su Changyu, her face showing a smile.

Su Changyu looked at Su Xiaomei affectionately. Taking out a handkerchief from his pocket, he wiped away the sweat from her forehead.

"It seems like you're living quite well."

At this moment, a cold voice suddenly sounded beside the three.

Seeing this sudden figure, Su Changyu and Xiao Heng's faces changed, immediately thinking of something. Their faces showed both surprise and joy.

Just as they were about to speak, Su Xiaomei shouted, "Who are you, daring to play tricks in front of me!"

While speaking, she swung her fists, attacking Li Fan.

"Xiaomei, stop!" Su Changyu and Xiao Heng couldn't help but exclaim.

Before they could finish speaking, they saw Su Xiaomei, who could even break steel, now seemingly restrained by an invisible net.

She was suspended in the air, unable to move.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 135: An Old Friend


"Xiaomei is young; I hope Immortal Master will spare her life!" Su Changyu reacted quickly, quickly kowtowing to Li Fan in apology.

Xiao Heng also immediately realized, "Please, Immortal Master, spare Xiaomei's life."

Li Fan didn't answer; he just looked with interest at Su Xiaomei, who was caught by the Insect Binding Technique.

Helpless and unable to move, Su Xiaomei's small face turned bright red.

Then, a force surged from her body. Li Fan sensed that, in an instant, Su Xiaomei's strength doubled.

"Innate talent?" Li Fan's eyes flashed with interest, but he didn't release the restraint.

He wanted to see where Su Xiaomei's limits were.

Feeling the opponent's gaze wandering around her, Su Xiaomei was unable to resist.

Su Xiaomei, who had never suffered such humiliation from childhood to adulthood, felt an endless rage in her heart.

A touch of crimson appeared in her eyes, like burning flames flickering.

Her body became scorching hot, and the temperature of the surrounding air rose accordingly.

Su Xiaomei's strength doubled again.

However, it was useless!

The anger still lingered in her heart.

The redness in her eyes gradually spread throughout her body, dyeing her black hair with a strange red color.

A faint wisp of white smoke emanated from various parts of her body.

Su Xiaomei's strength doubled again!

Xiao Heng, seeing this scene, was so anxious that tears almost came out, repeatedly kowtowing.

Su Changyu remained calm, but the bloodstains on his forehead revealed his true feelings at the moment.

"Is the strength now eight times the original? Innate talent, indeed unreasonably strong." Li Fan nodded to himself.

Although Li Fan felt that Su Xiaomei's strength could continue to expand, it would cause hidden injuries to her body.

Li Fan was just testing, there was no need to go this far.

So, the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit appeared in his sea of consciousness. Li Fan reached out his right hand, gently pressing on Su Xiaomei's head.

A chilling force was infused into her.

Su Xiaomei's body temperature gradually dropped, and the red color in her pupils gradually disappeared.

Her fierce expression also gradually calmed down.

The Insect Binding Technique lost its effect, and Su Xiaomei fell from the sky.

In an instant, she stabilized her figure and rushed towards Li Fan.

She grabbed Li Fan's thigh, holding on tightly and refusing to let go. "Master! You finally came!"

"Master..." Li Fan chuckled. This address was extremely rare in the current cultivation world.

Almost extinct.

Without responding to her, Li Fan simply took Su Xiaomei off his leg and placed her on the side to carefully examine her.

Perhaps due to her special physique, although Su Xiaomei should be in her teens now, her height and size were only that of an ordinary six or seven-year-old child.

At this moment, she widened her eyes, carefully examining Li Fan, looking incredibly cute.

Li Fan smiled, then shifted his gaze to Su Changyu and Xiao Heng.

Seeing that Su Xiaomei was now out of danger, they both sighed in relief.

However, they still didn't dare to get up, kneeling and bowing to the ground.

Ten years ago, when Li Fan was about to leave, he gave Xiao Heng the "Cleansing Heart Mantra" and the usage method for the accompanying medicine.

Without special instructions, it could not be passed on casually.

From the remaining Immortal-Mortal Miasma in Su Changyu's body, it seemed that he understood the importance of not spreading it.

He didn't tell others.

However...

What's up with this kid? Feeling Xiao Heng's condition, Li Fan's face darkened.

There were signs of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma being expelled, but it was only a small part.

No different from before.

You spent only a month in your past life to cleanse yourself of the miasma, right? It's been almost ten years now! You've been too negligent!

Li Fan said coldly to Xiao Heng, "When traveling from Dali to the cultivation realm, it takes about ten days. If you haven't successfully expelled the miasma by the time we reach the cultivation realm, I'll throw you into the sea to feed the fish. Understand?"

Hearing this, Xiao Heng's face turned pale, and he trembled all over.

Su Changyu looked at him helplessly and shook his head inwardly.

Su Xiaomei looked gleeful, smiling mischievously at Xiao Heng.

Originally, Li Fan planned to quietly leave with these three.

But upon second thought, it had been ten years, and the materials collected by Dali were probably ready.

He Zhenghao unexpectedly met his demise, and no one had taken over this smuggling route.

Since he had already come here once, he couldn't leave empty-handed.

After all, 2000 contribution points were not a small amount.

Every bit helps.

With a decision in mind, he manipulated the spiritual energy in his body and struck the bell under the four watchtowers.

Suddenly, the sound of the bell spread throughout the Dali capital, causing quite a stir.

Li Fan, with Su Xiaomei and the others, came to the square where they had been before, waiting for the arrival of the Emperor of Dali.

After a small half-day, the emperor and his officials all came before Li Fan.

They looked at Su Xiaomei and the others behind Li Fan with various expressions.

But none dared to be negligent; they all knelt down.

"We greet Immortal Master!"

Li Fan directly said, "For this transaction, I will personally transport the people you have selected. Have you prepared your supplies?"

Although the Emperor of Dali was hesitant, the identity of the Immortal Master in front of him was undoubtedly genuine.

So, he nodded repeatedly.

Li Fan went to the imperial treasury, received the supplies, and turned back, instructing, "Tomorrow morning, I'll still be waiting for you here in the square. Don't be late."

The Emperor of Dali agreed and quickly left to let his subjects make preparations.

The next morning, many people gathered in the square.

Most of them were young faces, and among them, Li Fan recognized some.

It was the group of people he met when he first entered the cultivation world in his previous life.

After releasing the Tai Yan Boat and placing it on the square, Li Fan spoke to these people, "The cultivation world may not be as beautiful as you imagine - it is full of dangers."

"Going there, you might face a fate worse than death."

"I'll give you one last chance. If you don't want to go, you can choose to give up. I will take care of your families; you won't be put in a difficult situation."

Li Fan finished speaking and coldly watched how they would choose.

These young people didn't expect this twist. They looked at each other, unsure of what to do.

At this moment, a sharp voice rang out on the square, "Please rest assured, Immortal Master. Although the path of immortality is treacherous, my determination to seek immortality is unwavering for a hundred lifetimes!"

After hearing these words, Li Fan's expression became strange. Following the sound, he saw a familiar face from his previous life—the fat guy who had threatened and blackmailed him, and whom he had casually killed.

Encouraged by his words, quite a few people struggled and hesitated for a while before deciding to venture into the cultivation world.

But there were still some who chose to give up.

"Words may not persuade the stubborn. You've made your choice. When you die miserably in the future, don't blame anyone else."

Watching these young people, their faces showing excitement and nervousness, boarding the Tai Yan Boat one by one, Li Fan silently pondered in his heart.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 136: Fate Changes with Fortune


In the sea of clouds, on the Tai Yan Boat.

The people who had just entered the cultivation world from Dali were excitedly looking around on the deck.

Meanwhile, Li Fan activated the "Sun Stealing Technique" to observe the fortunes of the people.

Most of them were covered in dust, dull and dim.

However, when Li Fan saw the fat guy, Ye Feipeng, his eyes revealed a hint of surprise.

Because his fortune resembled a newly born white mist, constantly rotating and evolving.

"This kind of fate..."

Li Fan recalled the explanation in the technique.

"Changing with fortune, a hundred changes in life."

It meant that this person's fortune was highly susceptible to external influences.

If they encountered someone influential who supported them, it was highly possible that their life would indeed soar to great heights, just like their name, soaring with the wind and rising straight up.

However, if they encountered a great villain, and at that time, their own fortune was still relatively fragile, they might not withstand the calamity and meet a tragic end.

For example, in the previous life, he sensed the shady figure of Li Fan and attempted extortion. As a result, he was directly stabbed to death with a dagger by Li Fan.

But if the extortionist wasn't as decisive and got entangled with Li Fan.

Then, with the ebb and flow of fortune, he might soar to great heights and become unstoppable.

Li Fan was willing to describe such a person in eight words: "Prosper with the wind, perish against the tide."

Among the people from Dali, besides Ye Feipeng, only Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei had somewhat peculiar fortunes.

Su Xiaomei's fate was the intertwining of purple and black, indistinguishable from each other.

As for Xiao Heng, it was the image of a hidden dragon in the abyss.

Any one of these three would be extremely rare even in the ancient cultivation world. Typically, a large region would produce one every ten years.

But now, in this small Dali, they emerged together.

This made Li Fan unable to help but ponder.

"Perhaps it's related to the volcano in Dali."

...

Under the pressure of death, Xiao Heng couldn't sleep at night. Faster than the previous life, he only took eight or nine days to expel all the Immortal-Mortal Miasma from his body.

After entering the cultivation world, in just one day and one night, he successfully guided the qi into his body and entered the Qi Condensation stage.

Su Xiaomei's progress was even more outrageous. The moment Tai Yan Boat broke through the Immortal Extinction Formation and entered the cultivation world, the spiritual energy in the world spontaneously surged towards her.

Her body, like it had been hungry for a long time, indiscriminately absorbed all the spiritual energy.

Up until now, this process was still ongoing.

Watching these two progress so quickly, Su Changyu couldn't help but feel a bit envious.

However, he didn't lose his composure. Instead, he became even more diligent in cultivating the "Cleansing Heart Mantra" that Li Fan had passed down to him.

He worked hard, forgetting to eat and sleep, much like Li Fan when he first met him on Liuli Island.

Li Fan nodded silently after seeing this.

...

The Tai Yan Boat skimmed above the sea, flying quickly.

All around was an endless ocean, and the monotonous, repetitive scenery quickly robbed the people from Dali of their sense of novelty.

They returned to the cabin to rest.

After studying array formations for more than two years, Li Fan tried his hand at setting up a "Silent Concealment Formation" outside the Tai Yan Boat.

This was the most basic small-scale concealment formation, but its effect was quite good, capable of hiding both sound and form.

Throughout the journey, they were not discovered by anyone. Li Fan, leading a group of people, smoothly returned to Night Island.

After informing everyone of the various methods to remove Immortal-Mortal Miasma, Li Fan let Yin Yueting take charge of the arrangements.

Then, he inquired about the future plans of Su Xiaomei and the others.

Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng both said they would wait for Su Changyu to successfully guide qi into his body before going to Ten Thousand Immortals Island together.

Li Fan didn't force them and simply went to Ten Thousand Immortals Island to exchange for two Qi Condensation stage cultivation techniques.

One was, of course, for Xiao Heng, the "Minor Yan Water Technique."

In addition, he prepared another technique for Su Xiaomei called the "Heart Flame Technique."

Xiao Heng carefully took the jade slip and respectfully kowtowed to Li Fan.

Su Xiaomei, on the other hand, was not so reserved. Taking the jade slip, she happily grinned and said, "Thank you, Master," repeatedly.

Li Fan ignored her and let her speak as she pleased.

"While waiting for Su Changyu on Night Island, you can't just idle away your time," Li Fan instructed. "Work with Zhao Erbao to collect ancient artifacts for me. I have important uses for them."

Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng nodded in agreement.

"Cultivation is challenging, and I can only guide you to the entrance. Your achievements in the future will depend on your own fortunes."

After saying this, Li Fan left them with a Communication Talisman and sent them away.

"Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei both have extraordinary fortunes. With their assistance, the process of collecting ancient artifacts with Dao resonance should speed up significantly. I hope to complete the collection before Crimson Flame burns the sea," Li Fan thought.

That night, using the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art, Li Fan deepened Zhao Erbao's painful memories as a warning.

Afterward, Li Fan hurriedly returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

This was because he received a message from Gong Boyu.

He Zhenghao's legacy, the "Hundred Veins Formation Diagram," had been completely restored.

Unexpectedly, the other party acted so quickly. Li Fan wasted no time and arrived outside the Formation Hall.

Gong Boyu had already sent someone to meet him here.

Entering the metallic cube-like building once again, this time, they arrived at a large conference room.

Inside, besides Gong Boyu, there were six other cultivators.

They all looked to be in their forties or fifties, and their auras were unfathomable, indicating that their cultivations were not weak.

Gong Boyu welcomed Li Fan to his side, saying with joy, "Thanks to the joint efforts of these old friends, brainstorming and sharing ideas, we spent quite some time finally completing He Zhenghao's legacy. It's truly something to be happy about!"

Li Fan nodded, "If Daoist He's spirit exists beyond death, he would surely be very pleased."

Gong Boyu took out a square jade block from his pocket and handed it to Li Fan.

Holding the unfamiliar jade block in his hand, Li Fan carefully examined it.

The eight corners of the jade block were replaced with different colored metals, and the overall surface was engraved with intricate and profound patterns.

Threads of golden light flowed like a river between the patterns.

"This is our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's encrypted jade slip. After its creation, each encrypted jade slip can only be viewed by specific cultivators. If someone else forcefully tries to read it, it will trigger a preset self-destructive prohibition."

"This one is prepared for you, and it contains the completed 'Hundred Veins Formation Diagram,'" Gong Boyu explained.

Li Fan nodded and, with a thought, began examining the contents of the jade slip with his spiritual sense.

Various mountainous terrains appeared in Li Fan's mind in an instant.

Upon closer inspection, every bit of soil and every piece of gravel on those mountains were actually miniature arrays.

Stacked under countless tiny arrays, they formed a complete mountain, a mountain-shaped grand array.

The colossal amount of information contained in it made Li Fan involuntarily inhale a cold breath.

This was not something a Qi Condensation cultivator could casually comprehend.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 137: Li Fan Worships his Master


Li Fan had a premonition that if an ordinary late-stage Qi Condensation cultivator forcefully read the contents of the "Hundred Veins Formation Diagram," the surging information would undoubtedly overwhelm their brains. Even though Li Fan's mental strength was higher than that of an average cultivator, the outcome might not be favorable.

Withdrawn his spiritual sense, Li Fan solemnly stored the jade slip in his storage ring.

"How is your learning progress in formations?" Gong Boyu asked casually.

Li Fan pondered for a moment, "I've studied for two years and gained some understanding. However, I'm not sure how proficient I've become."

Gong Boyu said, "That's easy!"

He then took out a small black sphere and tossed it to Li Fan, saying, "Separate a strand of your spiritual sense and enter it."

Li Fan examined the black sphere, seemingly with flowing starlight on its surface, and followed the instructions.

In an instant, Li Fan felt like he was in a pitch-black tunnel. His thoughts raced as if on a roller coaster, swiftly sliding through the tunnel. Questions and answers on formations came at him, and Li Fan involuntarily responded. If he knew and answered correctly, the speed of his thoughts would accelerate. If he didn't know or answered incorrectly, the speed would decrease. The feeling of having his thinking speed amplified a hundredfold was somewhat similar to the artificial enlightenment of the Tianxuan Mirror but even more effective.

After a while, Li Fan felt his thoughts slowing down, eventually coming to a complete stop. He was expelled from the black sphere.

Gong Boyu took back the black sphere, looked at the nearly invisible light point on it, and stared at Li Fan with an incredulous expression. "Did you really study for only two years?"

Li Fan's expression remained unchanged, "Indeed."

After a moment of silence, Gong Boyu kindly consoled, "The path of formations is heavily dependent on talent. It's normal if you progress slowly. Don't be discouraged."

Li Fan nodded appreciatively.

However, this comforting remark unexpectedly angered another cultivator present.

"What nonsense is this? The path of formations depends only on diligence! Gong Boyu, your talent in formations might be high, but dare you say that your understanding of formations surpasses mine?"

Li Fan looked over and saw that the speaker had white hair, but his eyes gleamed with a hidden brilliance, making it difficult to look directly at him.

"Brother Zhiliang, don't be so impulsive. I was just consoling the younger generation, just a casual remark. Why take it so seriously? Everyone on Ten Thousand Immortals Island knows that you, Zhang Zhiliang, are the number one in formations," Gong Boyu said somewhat helplessly.

"The path of formations relies on diligence. How can you spout such nonsense?"

Zhang Zhiliang coldly snorted, seemingly dissatisfied with Gong Boyu's explanation.

He turned to Li Fan, gazing sternly, "Kid, don't be disheartened. Know that when I had just studied formations for two years, the result of my spiritual orb test was worse than yours!"

"For five hundred years, I almost spent all my time studying formations, making progress bit by bit. That's how I reached today's understanding of formations. Diligence can make up for deficiencies, especially in the path of formations."

"Although the world of formations claims to have an infinite variety, the commonly used formations are limited, and they can be mastered with enough effort."

"If you study diligently, do not slack off, and never give up, several hundred years later, who knows, you might become a master of formations of your generation?"

Li Fan listened, his expression solemn, "Thank you for your guidance, Senior. I will definitely keep it in mind."

After Zhang Zhiliang finished speaking, he gradually calmed down.

He scrutinized Li Fan for a moment, then slowly said, "Although diligence can make up for deficiencies, having a master to guide is equally important."

"When I was self-studying formations, I was well aware of how difficult it was to grope around on my own."

After a moment of contemplation, Zhang Zhiliang said, "I see your temperament is steady, not arrogant or impetuous, quite similar to me when I was younger."

"He Zhenghao's 'Hundred Veins Formation Diagram' has greatly benefited me. You bringing the incomplete scroll is also a favor to me."

Zhang Zhiliang looked at Li Fan with a serious expression, "I wonder, are you willing to follow me and learn formations?"

Gong Boyu on the side hurriedly reminded, "Quickly worship Master Zhang!"

Li Fan was also extremely delighted and quickly bowed in respect.

Zhang Zhiliang calmly accepted Li Fan's bow and continued, "I'll be frank. I don't want to take on disciples, so there won't be a formal master-disciple relationship between us."

"The unique formations I created will not be taught to you."

"I'll only be responsible for guiding you into the realm of formations. I won't withhold any insights or experiences."

"With my busy schedule, I can only spare some time to guide you."

"I am meticulous in my work, and I am extremely strict with others. If you are found to be lazy or slacking off, you will definitely be expelled without mercy."

...

Zhang Zhiliang laid out a series of seemingly strict but reasonable conditions.

Finally, he asked, "So, are you willing to follow me and learn formations?"

Li Fan suppressed his inner excitement and composed himself.

He bowed to Zhang Zhiliang again and said, "I am willing."

Zhang Zhiliang watched Li Fan's performance and contentedly stroked his beard.

"Good, diligence requires time. Your formation learning begins today!"

With that, Zhang Zhiliang grabbed Li Fan, and in a flash, they disappeared from the conference room.

Gong Boyu and other formation masters exchanged glances, all revealing a bitter smile.

...

Following Zhang Zhiliang, Li Fan suddenly arrived in a starry sky.

Everything around him was pitch black, set against countless twinkling stars.

"Do you know what a formation is?" Zhang Zhiliang asked.

Li Fan was about to answer, but after some thought, he shook his head, "Disciple does not know."

"A formation is a formalized set of laws."

Zhang Zhiliang said each word deliberately.

"Burning, freezing, lightning..."

"These are natural phenomena existing in the world, and what supports their occurrence and operation are various laws in the world."

"Laws remain unchanged throughout eternity, except in certain special circumstances."

"Cultivators often need to observe and comprehend the laws of the world."

"Formations are the formatted, mechanized, and standardized application of these laws."

...

In Zhang Zhiliang's narration, the gateway to the world of formations slowly opened to Li Fan.

Li Fan immersed himself deeply, losing track of time.

In the blink of an eye, the 20th year had come.

Above the Cong Yun Sea.

Zhang Haobo stood in mid-air, looking up.

"Is your dying blow about to come?"

In his memory from the previous life, a terrifying wind disaster would occur soon. Its might was enough to change the colors of the sky and earth. Over two hundred islands, including Dayu Island, were razed to the ground, and countless mortals' souls returned to the sea.

Compared to this dreadful wind disaster, the storm he currently manipulated was pitifully weak.

However...

He, Zhang Haobo, the reborn one, the son of destiny, the guardian of the Cong Yun Sea, was about to perform an audacious act, and...

Shepherd wind!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 138: Decisively Condensing the False Golden Core


The fierce wind roared, stirring up waves of shock.

The black clouds gathering in the sky became even denser. In the mountain-like layers of clouds, flashes of lightning would occasionally illuminate, showcasing its destructive power.

This massive storm, however, in the hands of Zhang Haobo, seemed like a wild horse restrained by reins, obediently moving in the predetermined direction.

"To peer into the laws of heaven and earth to refine the Golden Core..."

Zhang Haobo, surrounded by the raging storm, contemplated slowly.

"With my current strength, attempting a breakthrough is still a bit forced."

"But without the Golden Core, I can only be trapped at the Foundation Establishment stage, unable to make any progress."

"Time is pressing, and I don't have the luxury to slowly accumulate contribution points to exchange for Golden Core techniques."

"The only option now is..."

"A false Golden Core."

A hint of determination flashed in Zhang Haobo's eyes.

The method of creating a false Golden Core involves infusing one's body with the power of heaven and earth after reaching the Foundation Establishment stage, forcefully breaking through and forming an illusory Golden Core constructed by the power of laws within the dantian.

This temporarily elevates one's cultivation to the Golden Core realm.

However, the false Golden Core method is not sustainable and can only last for a little over thirty days. The side effects are also terrifying. Even if one successfully condenses a real Golden Core later on, irreversible injuries will be left behind, putting an end to the cultivation path.

But Zhang Haobo has no other choice!

Going against the natural order is no easy task.

Zhang Haobo subtly looked up again, a trace of cold laughter crossing his heart.

Ever since his rebirth, he occasionally felt a sense of being spied on.

A prickling sensation on his back made him uneasy.

Originally, he thought it was just a kind of illusion, but after entering the Foundation Establishment stage, this feeling became even clearer.

Zhang Haobo understood that it was probably his various abnormal actions since his rebirth that caught the attention of someone above.

The killing intent from the heavens, the fate of the countless beings in the Cong Yun Sea, should have been predetermined.

Wanting to reverse fate will certainly face strong resistance.

On this point, Zhang Haobo had long been mentally prepared.

Predictably, as his strength continues to grow, this obstructive force will become stronger.

However, he is not without assistance.

Zhang Haobo subconsciously touched his chest, where a faint blue transparent bead was faintly visible.

He was not a Water Spirit Body.

In the Cong Yun Sea, where he could use spiritual energy freely without worrying about consumption, it was all thanks to the existence of this treasure.

What the name of this treasure is and how it came about, he has no idea.

It was only on the day he broke through to the Qi Condensation stage that he discovered this blue bead in his chest.

After some experimentation, he slowly learned the uses of this water bead.

It can help him rapidly recover spiritual energy at a terrifying speed.

It also makes it easier for him to comprehend the power of the laws between heaven and earth, especially those related to water and wind.

From time to time, images would appear in his mind, revealing some secrets in the Cong Yun Sea.

Previously, he was able to detect the peculiar space where the green wind and the sword hilt clashed and enter it without being noticed thanks to the assistance of this blue water bead.

Otherwise, even with his current cultivation at the Foundation Establishment stage, it would have been impossible!

This mysterious treasure should be the benefit he gained as a reborn person.

It is also his reliance on reversing fate in this life!

Zhang Haobo's thoughts surged, gradually calming down.

His left hand stretched out, catching a strand of wind from afar, sensing the upcoming wind disaster.

Constantly adjusting the speed and direction of the small storm he was manipulating.

In his mind, he calculated and simulated the possible outcome after two storms collided.

"The day when the storms meet will be the time I condense the false Golden Core."

A glint of determination flashed in Zhang Haobo's eyes, and then, hidden in the wind and rain, his figure slowly disappeared into the storm.

...

Although Li Fan could monitor Zhang Haobo's every move, he couldn't see into his inner thoughts.

So, naturally, he was unaware of what had happened to Zhang Haobo.

And now, he didn't have the time to care.

Since starting to learn the art of arrays with Zhang Zhiliang, he had no free time at all.

Zhang Zhiliang would leave for a while after teaching for some time to attend to other matters, but before leaving, he would leave corresponding array problems for Li Fan to study.

Often, before Li Fan could complete these problems, Zhang Zhiliang would return.

After correcting and explaining the problems, Zhang Zhiliang would start teaching again.

This cycle continued endlessly, not leaving any time for rest.

When Zhang Zhiliang felt Li Fan's mental fatigue had reached a certain level, he would ignite a silver-colored incense.

The fragrance was faint, and after Li Fan smelled it, the mental fatigue immediately vanished.

Then, under Zhang Zhiliang's gaze, he continued to focus on studying.

This process seemed endless.

It even made Li Fan feel like time was passing very slowly.

Every second of studying arrays felt like torture.

He couldn't wait for it to end soon.

If it weren't for his firm determination and the three mental trials he underwent at Qin Tang's trial earlier, his endurance might not have been enough.

After who knows how long, Zhang Zhiliang brought back another person.

Their progress differed, so they weren't taught together.

Instead, in this dark starry sky, identical phantoms appeared, separating to lecture the other person.

Li Fan only then realized that the person who had been teaching him might not be a real person.

The so-called leaving for other matters was just an excuse.

It was probably just to test his diligence when unsupervised.

Li Fan shook his head, not bothering with the other apprentice.

After setting a two-year deadline reminder, he no longer cared about anything else.

He immersed himself single-mindedly in the study of array techniques.

So, time passed, and he lost track of the years.

One day, while Li Fan was frowning in thought, his face suddenly changed drastically.

It was as if his brain had been fiercely struck by some giant object, and the world spun around him, stars twinkling.

Blood flowed from his nose and eye sockets, giving him a terrifying appearance.

Zhang Zhiliang's figure suddenly appeared.

He looked at Li Fan strangely but didn't ask much.

Instead, he ignited the silver incense again.

This time, the fragrance was even more intense than before.

The mental trauma caused just now rapidly improved after inhaling this fragrance.

In just half a day, Li Fan felt his injuries were gone, completely recovered.

At this moment, Li Fan finally had the chance to check the last image transmitted to his mind.

"Zhang Haobo broke through to the Golden Core realm?"

He turned his head slightly, gazing into the distance, a strange expression on his face.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 139: Riding the Wind, Overlooking Ten Thousand Immortals


"The realm has exceeded the limits of the Formless Killing Intent, causing a backlash."

Li Fan pondered for a moment, then checked the scene he had just witnessed again.

In the pitch-black expanse of the universe, two storms collided with each other.

A green light illuminated the heavens and earth. Li Fan vaguely saw a small black sword shuttling through the storm.

The killing intent was overwhelming, the speed was extremely fast, accompanied by a blue and green flame.

Between the vast sky and water, the energy of the storm destroyed everything, even dispersing the abundant spiritual energy.

Only pure wind remained.

The two storms slowly merged and returned to one.

However, the smaller one, like a snake swallowing an elephant, dominated.

After who knows how long, the fusion was finally completed.

At the moment when this new storm took shape, the heavens and earth seemed to suddenly quiet down.

The black sword intent was magnified countless times, standing between the heavens and earth.

Green wind blew in from the top of the sword, and blue water flowed into the sword from the bottom.

The three colors, green, blue, and black, mixed together, and the sword slowly condensed.

When the sword intent completely manifested, Zhang Haobo's angry shout echoed through the sky.

"Slash!"

Then the scene went black, and the information stopped there.

Li Fan repeatedly watched this scene several times, and only when Zhang Zhilang saw him in a daze for a long time did he ask if he needed a break.

Only then did Li Fan stop.

"The method of heaven and earth to refine the Golden Core."

Although he suffered a small injury from the backlash, Li Fan didn't know how exactly Zhang Haobo had achieved the Golden Core.

But suddenly witnessing the first formation of the Golden Core, Li Fan couldn't help but feel excited and joyful.

On the path of cultivation, there were many unknowns shrouded in mist.

Now, with the help of the power of a son of destiny, he had illuminated a portion of it.

After a long while, the joy gradually faded.

Li Fan calmed down again and resumed studying formations.

On the side, Zhang Zhilang, who had watched Li Fan study, get injured, feel joy, and continue studying, couldn't help but show a content expression on his face.

"Although this kid's talent in formation techniques is a bit lacking, his diligence and mentality are quite to my liking. I just don't know how long he can persist."

"Hopefully, he won't give up halfway like those before."

...

While Li Fan was studying formations with dedication on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, he was unaware that a giant wind disaster was swiftly moving toward Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

This abnormal sight naturally caught the attention of the cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

They were confident in the protection of the Ten Thousand Immortals Guardian Formation; even if this wind disaster were twice as powerful, it wouldn't have any substantial impact on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

However, this wind disaster had never been seen before in the Cong Yun Sea and was quite intimidating.

Moreover, its target was extremely clear, heading straight for Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

This couldn't help but make the cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island make some unfounded associations.

Regarding the storms ravaging the Cong Yun Sea, there was an unwritten rule among the Ten Thousand Immortals Island cultivators.

Only defend and generally do not take the initiative to disperse them.

It was said to be an order from the True Monarch of Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Even though the storms were powerful, it seemed that their harm was extremely limited.

It only affected the ordinary people living on the island.

Even Qi Condensation stage cultivators hadn't died in a storm.

So, the cultivators didn't pay much attention to the storms.

But now, the situation was different.

This storm was coming straight for Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

It's worth noting that since the establishment of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, there has never been a storm attacking Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

For a while, the cultivators on the island discussed.

And for some unknown reason, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance officials remained strangely silent, not making any decisions.

In this manner, the cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island helplessly watched as the colossal green wind disaster, seemingly piercing through heaven and earth, approached closer and closer.

It wasn't particularly noticeable from a distance, but as the wind disaster gradually closed in, the cultivators became somewhat horrified.

Countless sea water was sucked into the wind disaster.

Wherever the wind disaster passed, the sea became empty. Even the mud and rocks from the seabed were carried up into the sky.

Under this immense wind force, the ground of Ten Thousand Immortals Island actually trembled faintly.

On the stone statue of the crowned old man, who represented the Immortal Ancestor, a radiance bloomed.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Guardian Formation had automatically activated its protection.

"Which fellow Daoist is visiting Ten Thousand Immortals Island?"

"Please reveal yourself!"

The green wind disaster got closer and closer, and the True Monarch of Ten Thousand Immortals Island finally appeared.

Countless mountain peaks like continuous ranges stood in the way of the wind disaster.

Although the green wind was strong, facing these lofty and continuous mountain ranges, it seemed a bit inadequate.

However, the wind disaster showed no intention of changing direction.

Without answering, it directly collided head-on!

The wind disaster and the mountain peaks collided.

A tremendous sound resounded through the heavens and earth.

In the ears of the watching cultivators, there was a continuous rumbling sound, making their expressions change.

They watched in shock as the wind and mountains clashed.

The wind, like a knife, sent rocks flying, instantly shaving off many mountaintops.

A cold snort echoed, and the mountain peaks immediately returned to their original state.

The sky around the green wind disaster suddenly darkened.

One after another, mountain peaks appeared, endlessly appearing one after another.

They surrounded the green wind disaster in the center.

At this moment, a hearty laughter echoed from the wind disaster, "Cong Yun Sea, Zhang Haobo, greetings to the True Monarch!"

The sound spread far and wide, resonating across the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Island in an instant.

The cultivators watching this scene were either confused or in disbelief.

Through word of mouth, soon, all the cultivators on the island knew who Zhang Haobo was.

A few years ago, he tested his sword against puppets with Qi Condensation stage cultivation.

Not long ago, he reached Foundation Establishment, cutting through the green wind with his sword.

Now, how could he manipulate such a terrifying storm to press Ten Thousand Immortals Island?

Looking at his momentum, although not comparable to a True Monarch, he was definitely above the Nascent Soul realm!

How did he achieve this?

Ten Thousand Immortals Island was in an uproar.

The sound of discussions filled the air.

But after the initial shock, many discerning cultivators saw through it.

"This Zhang Haobo may not necessarily have a strong cultivation base himself! He's borrowing momentum!"

"Right, in my opinion, this person's cultivation is at most in the Golden Core stage. It's just that his comprehension of the law of wind is quite astonishing, so he can control such a formidable wind disaster!"

"With his weak strength, he is stirring the might of heaven and earth. Ordinary Golden Core cultivators can never achieve this. How long has he been cultivating? This person's talent is truly terrifying!"

...

On Ten Thousand Immortals Island, discussions were endless.

The True Monarch, whose form stayed concealed, remained silent for a while.

"Why have you come here?"

After a moment, he spoke again.

In the green wind disaster, Zhang Haobo slowly revealed his figure.

He looked towards the void ahead and smiled slightly, "I am disturbing your peace to seek an audience with senior to discuss important matters!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 140: Even Soul Transformation are Ants


"I have important matters to discuss!"

Zhang Haobo's voice echoed in the heavens and earth.

The expressions of the cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island varied, and their reactions were different.

"He's quite arrogant. Just a Golden Core cultivator, what important matters could he have?"

"Yeah, he actually used the power of the wind disaster to force Ten Thousand Immortals Island. He's truly underestimating us!"

"Why hasn't the True Monarch slapped this kid to death with a single palm? It's annoying!"

"Watching him take the spotlight is even more uncomfortable than losing a cultivation technique!"

"However, with only Golden Core cultivation, he has such a demeanor. This person will surely become someone significant in the future."

"Practicing for less than a decade, achieving Golden Core cultivation, facing the winds that overwhelm Ten Thousand Immortals. This feat reminds me of the rumored Young Master Jinglun."

...

Ignoring the commotion coming from Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Zhang Haobo remained composed, patiently waiting.

After a moment, a figure suddenly appeared in front.

Wearing white clothes, and holding a feather fan, he had a graceful demeanor.

He squinted his eyes, sizing up Zhang Haobo, "Golden Core? Important matters?"

"It's been a long time since I've encountered such an interesting young person!"

Zhang Haobo stared directly at the man, his expression unchanged, saying calmly, "Golden Core, Soul Transformation, they are all ants."

The hand of the white-clothed Soul Transformation cultivator, who was fanning himself, stopped. He scrutinized Zhang Haobo once again.

But this time, there was a hint of seriousness in his gaze.

After a while, he pointed with the feather fan, "So be it, come with me!"

Then, the white-clothed Soul Transformation cultivator and Zhang Haobo disappeared from the sight of the people on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Only the gigantic green tornado continued to rotate without stopping.

A void suddenly appeared in the sky.

Brilliant starlight shone down, and the Green Wind of the tornado gradually dissipated.

Leaving behind the continuous discussion of the cultivators of Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Zhang Haobo's vision blurred, and he suddenly felt himself appearing on a mountain peak.

Mists surrounded the area, with distant mountain ranges barely visible.

The Soul Transformation cultivator in white stood on the cliff of the mountaintop with his back turned.

"This place forms its own domain, able to isolate from the perception of the heavenly dao. If you have something to say, just speak."

Zhang Haobo first observed the surroundings once again, taking a moment to examine them.

With his current cultivation, he couldn't see anything special about this place.

So, he said, "Senior, do you know that within this Cong Yun Sea, there is a manifestation of a Heavenly Spirit?"

The white-clothed Soul Transformation cultivator turned around, looking at Zhang Haobo with interest, "You mean the Green Wind that was in a standoff with that sword hilt?"

"Although I don't know where you learned about this, if you think it's just a coincidence, you've misunderstood."

"Among the Soul Transformation cultivators in the Cong Yun Sea and even in several neighboring states, all are aware of the existence of the Green Wind."

"But no one dares to come and refine it. Do you know why?"

Zhang Haobo remained unchanged, answering, "Is it because of that sword hilt?"

The white-clothed Soul Transformation cultivator nodded, "The Heavenly Spirit, whenever it appears, has a heavenly mission. According to our observations, the duty of that Green Wind is to destroy that sword hilt."

"A hundred years ago, an outsider Soul Transformation cultivator passed by, sensed the existence of the Green Wind, and wanted to refine it."

"As a result, the Green Wind used a cage, imprisoning him together with the sword hilt."

"The malevolent aura of the sword hilt suddenly erupted, and its target was not the Green Wind's cage but the Soul Transformation cultivator."

"The Green Wind launched a timely attack afterwards."

"It's like two Dao Integration figures making a move at the same time. That Soul Transformation cultivator died on the spot."

Hearing this, Zhang Haobo pondered.

"Two Dao Integration figures in a stalemate, but if others intervene, especially weaker ones, it would be seen as a provocation."

"People would unite to attack. Is that so?"

The white-clothed Soul Transformation cultivator waved his feather fan, "The young can be taught."

However, Zhang Haobo changed the subject suddenly and said, "But what I'm talking about as the Heavenly Spirit is not the Green Wind."

"The sword hilt escaped from confinement, and I don't know where it flew to. The Green Wind followed suit."

The movement of the white-clothed Soul Transformation cultivator suddenly froze.

"What I'm talking about is a manifestation of the Heavenly Spirit that has not yet appeared but is about to appear in the Cong Yun Sea."

Zhang Haobo's eyes drifted, seemingly recalling something.

The white-clothed Soul Transformation cultivator set down his feather fan, staring intently at Zhang Haobo.

His expression was serious.

Above the mountain peaks, dense clouds gathered, obscuring the sky.

...

Li Fan was currently unaware of the events happening outside.

He had been immersed in the study of formations.

The person who had been learning with him couldn't withstand this extremely abnormal study method and voluntarily gave up after three months, choosing to leave.

Zhang Zhiliang didn't say anything, but shortly afterward, he brought in another person to teach them formations.

Li Fan didn't pay any attention to these events happening around him.

He was focused on researching formations.

Whenever he felt tired, the silver spice would ignite itself.

Not even a moment of rest.

Zhang Zhiliang looked at Li Fan with increasingly satisfied eyes.

This kind of life continued for two years.

When the set reminder time arrived, Li Fan finally woke up from his studies.

Looking somewhat reluctant at the detailed formation map split into countless tiny images in front of him, Li Fan shifted his gaze to Zhang Zhiliang.

"Master Zhang, I have something to attend to and need to go out for a while," Li Fan explained.

Zhang Zhiliang nodded, "You've been studying continuously for so long; it's time to take a break."

After thinking for a moment, he handed Li Fan a white glowing cube.

"This is temporarily loaned to you for protection, in case of any unexpected situations."

Observing the cube in his hand, Li Fan could see traces of dozens of superimposed formations.

Zhang Zhiliang continued, "This is the Formation Crown, formed by the superposition of over a hundred different formations."

"Among them, the most precious one is a teleportation formation."

"When encountering an opponent you can't match, you can use this teleportation formation to be transported to a random location one hundred thousand miles away."

"After studying with me for so long, you should know how to use this item. I won't go into details."

Li Fan understood the preciousness of this item because the formations within the Formation Crown were not one-time use.

After each activation, it could absorb surrounding spiritual energy on its own for recharging.

Once the recharging was complete, it could be used again.

Compared to formations that could only be used a few times and often got damaged, this item was much superior.

Zhang Zhiliang entrusting this item to Li Fan also indicated a certain level of trust in him.

Li Fan immediately thanked Zhang Zhiliang and then left the Formation Hall.

This time, he naturally had to go out because the time for the appearance of the Canghai Pearl was approaching.

The Canghai Pearl was the Foundation Treasure that Li Fan had set for this life, and there could be no mistakes.

So, he left seclusion in advance to go to Flowing Cloud Island for observation.

Not in a hurry to set out, Li Fan inquired about significant events that had occurred in the past two years.

This way, he learned about the turmoil caused by Zhang Haobo.

"Indeed, a grand move. Remarkable bearing, truly remarkable!" Li Fan praised.

"Now, considering the situation, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance should already know that the incident of Crimson Flame will happen next."

"I wonder how they will respond to it."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 141: Fortunately Obtaining the Canghai Pearl


During the two years, besides Zhang Haobo's wind shepherding towards Ten Thousand Immortals Island, several major events occurred.

In the 21st year, at the edge of the Cong Yun Sea, near the endless ocean, two Soul Transformation True Monarchs engaged in a mysterious battle that lasted for over a month, with no clear winner.

Eventually, the sky tore open, and a dazzling starlight enveloped them, putting an end to the fierce battle that had attracted numerous onlookers.

Around the same time, shortly after the two Soul Transformation True Monarchs' battle, in the Yuandao Prefecture adjacent to the Cong Yun Sea, a heavenly anomaly shrouded the entire province. The Blue Feather Immortal Sage, a cultivator in the Dao Integration Realm, fell.

The Blue Feather Immortal Sage was rumored to be a senior cultivator who had survived the Great Calamity and had controlled the Yuandao Prefecture for nearly three thousand years. However, he couldn't achieve longevity and eventually succumbed to the end of his life.

After the Blue Feather Immortal Sage's death, the Yuandao Prefecture fell into considerable turmoil.

In the 22nd year, in the northwest sea area of the Cong Yun Sea, a Daoist cave rose from the sea and flew straight toward the direction of the Jiushan Prefecture.

This incident piqued the curiosity of many cultivators, who followed to investigate, but none of them returned, their whereabouts unknown.

...

Li Fan meticulously recorded these events. Then, he checked the records of his Communication Talismans.

The collection of Dao resonance artifacts seemed to progress quite smoothly. With guidance from a group of exceptional talents, progress was better than anticipated.

However, Zhao Erbao's reports became increasingly sporadic, with the latest message arriving six months ago. It seemed he needed another profound lesson.

Xiao Heng rarely disturbed Li Fan. Su Xiaomei, on the other hand, sent messages to Li Fan every now and then, reporting her progress and sharing news.

Born with an innate physique, Su Xiaomei's cultivation progressed rapidly. In just over two years, she had reached the Qi Condensation Late stage. Xiao Heng's progress was slightly slower, at the Qi Condensation Middle stage, but he was said to be on the verge of a breakthrough.

...

The rest of the messages were casual greetings from cultivators Li Fan had befriended on the island. Nothing of great importance.

However, upon entering the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan noticed that during the 21st year, a Qi Condensation cultivator named He Xinxin had sent several visitation requests.

These requests continued intermittently until half a year ago when they suddenly stopped. Li Fan found it strange and couldn't help but think of He Zhenghao.

Suddenly, he remembered the first time he encountered a wind disaster on Liuli Island in his previous life. The protective formation was activated by a female cultivator. However, they never met again, and Li Fan gradually forgot about it.

"He Xinxin should have stayed in the Cong Yun Sea for a while and then left?" Li Fan could only speculate.

After some consideration, he decided not to actively seek her out. If fate allowed, they would meet again.

With these miscellaneous matters settled Li Fan didn't delay any longer. Using a teleportation array, he arrived at Flowing Cloud Island.

According to Wu Xingzou from the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce, the Canghai Pearl was obtained by him from a fisherman on Flowing Cloud Island.

Therefore, the Canghai Pearl should have initially formed in the sea and later been swallowed by a fish, eventually ending up in the hands of the fisherman.

Now, Li Fan activated the Concealing Form Talisman, flew over Flowing Cloud Island, and carefully sensed the surroundings.

In his previous life, he had merged with the consciousness of the Canghai Pearl, and naturally, he was extremely familiar with its aura.

If it were on this island, Li Fan would surely have detected it. Unfortunately, after flying in circles, he couldn't find any trace of the Canghai Pearl.

So Li Fan had no choice but to use Flowing Cloud Island as the center and search towards the outer sea.

The sea was vast, and the Canghai Pearl was still in the process of incubation, making its aura extremely weak.

This action was akin to finding a needle in a haystack.

Fortunately, it only took a bit of time.

Three months later, Li Fan successfully obtained the Canghai Pearl without any incidents.

"With the passing of the old sea, a new one is born."

Li Fan carefully examined this familiar object from his previous life.

With keen perception, Li Fan felt that the Canghai Pearl seemed a bit weaker than when he saw it in his previous life. The blue color inside appeared diluted, not as profound as the ocean but rather a light blue like the sky.

"I thought I wouldn't see you in this lifetime, but unexpectedly, you also understand the principle of hedging your bets."

A trace of color flashed in Li Fan's eyes, and then he devoured the Canghai Pearl into his dantian.

True foundation building would only begin when the Canghai Pearl fully formed, but it didn't hurt to begin comprehending it now.

With the Canghai Pearl in hand, Li Fan's business in the Cong Yun Sea was almost complete. Afterward, he visited Night Island to check on the situation of the outstanding talents and continued to intimidate Zhao Erbao.

To deepen the impression, Li Fan used multiple layers of illusions.

In the illusion, Zhao Erbao once again found himself in the nightmare where ancient artifacts were smashed. However, having experienced it two times before, he had developed some resistance.

So, he struggled to wake up from the illusion.

But he pretended to be still immersed in the illusion, intending to deceive Li Fan.

It wasn't until Li Fan appeared that he suddenly attacked. With one strike, he seemingly killed Li Fan.

Looking at the body lying on the ground, the nightmares that had haunted him for so many years were finally eliminated. Zhao Erbao proudly howled to the sky.

However, he found that there was no death announcement from the heavens.

When he looked again, he saw Li Fan's head, revealing a strange smile.

The surroundings shattered like glass, and he returned to his own base.

Time seemed to rewind to the day he first met Li Fan. He was explaining the origin of Dao resonance artifacts to Li Fan.

However, things took a turn. Li Fan, indifferent to the idea of reproducing Dao resonance, directly smashed the ancient artifacts in the base and slapped him on the head.

The scene turned black, and Zhao Erbao woke up abruptly.

Drenched in cold sweat, he was initially confused, then suddenly looked around.

Not seeing Li Fan's figure, he was a bit unsure whether it was still an illusion or reality.

After a long time, Zhao Erbao finally regained his senses.

Knowing it was a warning from Li Fan, he hastily sent a report message to Li Fan.

Observing Zhao Erbao's expressions and actions in the shadows, Li Fan knew the intimidation had been successful.

"However, this is not a long-term solution. In the future, when the opportunity arises, I must find a method specifically for controlling cultivators."

After that, Li Fan went to check on Su Changyu.

The miasma cleansing was still not completed, but Su Changyu remained steady, persevering without arrogance or impatience.

Combined with the occasional treasures that Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng brought him, which were said to help eliminate the miasma in his body, the complete cleansing was not far off.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 142: Far Away from the Cong Yun Sea


Due to their joint responsibility for collecting Dao resonance artifacts, Su Xiaomei, Yin Yueting, and Yin Yuzhen became very close. Additionally, Su Xiaomei had limited contact with outsiders since childhood, except for Xiao Heng and Su Changyu, so the two years of close companionship cultivated some feelings between them.

Under Su Xiaomei's encouragement, Yin Yueting and her sister also began practicing the "Cleansing Heart Mantra," attempting to eliminate the miasma in their bodies and embark on the path of immortality. However, their cultivation progress was slower than Su Changyu's.

Observing from the sidelines, Li Fan did not reveal himself. Once he confirmed that there were no unexpected situations, he returned to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Returning the Formation Crown to Zhang Zhiliang, Li Fan immersed himself once again in the study of formations. At this time, it was the 22nd year, and he had set a time limit of six years for himself.

In the previous life, when he emerged from seclusion in the 31st year, the destruction of the sea had already begun. In the 30th year, he even went to Ten Thousand Immortals Island and submitted the Tai'an Fruit.

So, the appearance of the Crimson Flame should be between the 30th and 31st years. However, with the unstable factor of Zhang Haobo in this life, Li Fan decided to leave no later than the 28th year, just to be safe.

Before that, he needed to make the most of his time to learn formations. After arriving in the unfamiliar Yuandao Prefecture, it would be challenging to find a formation master to teach him once more.

Time was running out, and Li Fan became even more diligent. Immersed in the study of formations, he worked tirelessly without rest. Even Zhang Zhiliang's well-intentioned advice to take a break was firmly refused.

Over the years, the apprentices around Zhang Zhiliang changed repeatedly. However, none of them were as focused and unwavering as Li Fan.

As time passed, four years flew by in the blink of an eye. The time came to the 26th year, and Li Fan, who was reading formations, was slightly stunned. His clone, Fan Lin, who had been in seclusion for so long to derive new techniques, had run out of contribution points and was forced to leave seclusion.

The result of the equivalent of two hundred and seventy years of comprehension was not bad but not excellent either. Creating a technique from scratch was extremely difficult, even if it was just a modification of an existing technique.

Out of the two techniques, only one was derived, and the progress of the other was only halfway complete. Li Fan estimated that it would take about thirty more years to complete.

On average, it would take him about one hundred and fifty years to derive a new technique at the Foundation Establishment stage. No wonder the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association could monopolize techniques. Li Fan couldn't help but sigh at the overwhelming cost compared to the benefits.

Li Fan examined the new technique he had comprehended: "Spirit Intent Illusion Technique." It was a synthesis of the "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique" and the insights into sword intent foundation from Zhang Haobo. With this technique, the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit would further grow.

As for the new movement technique based on the "Stalking Shadow Technique," it had not been derived yet.

Not intending to cultivate it for the time being, Li Fan continued to seize the remaining time to improve his understanding of formations.

The clone, Fan Lin, continued to perform some errands on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, accumulating contribution points to sustain himself in the Tianxuan Mirror. While doing so, he tried to gather information about the events of the past few years.

However, he did not find any useful information. Since the 22nd year, the entire Cong Yun Sea had fallen into a strange calm, as if something was brewing.

The river of time continued to rush forward. In the blink of an eye, it reached the 28th year.

Li Fan's planned time to leave the Cong Yun Sea had arrived, just when he was thinking of finding an excuse to bid farewell to Zhang Zhiliang.

However, Zhang Zhiliang took him to a secluded space.

In the distance, a dazzling galaxy shone. Li Fan, who had been studying formations for nearly ten years, could vaguely discern traces of a slowly operating large formation.

"I have a matter that requires you to handle for me." Zhang Zhiliang looked at Li Fan with a serious expression, his words exceptionally forceful, leaving no room for Li Fan to refuse.

"You will go to Tianyu Prefecture for me. That's where the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters is located. Once you arrive, open this object, and you'll naturally know what to do next."

Li Fan was momentarily stunned, then took the item handed to him by Zhang Zhiliang. It was a small rectangular black box, smooth and dark on the surface, engraved with a sealing formation.

"With this item, you won't be able to use teleportation formations. You need to fly all the way to Tianyu Prefecture. The journey is long, and with your speed, it will likely take two or three years to get there. While on the way, don't idle. Crack the sealing formation on this. I believe that with your current level of formation mastery, by the time you reach Tianyu Prefecture, the seal will naturally be lifted."

At first, Li Fan didn't understand the mysterious and ingenious nature of Zhang Zhiliang's task. However, after hearing his series of requests, he understood.

Silently putting away the small black box and without asking about compensation, Li Fan prepared to take his leave. Before departing, he asked, "Master Zhang, aren't you leaving?"

Zhang Zhiliang was momentarily surprised, then carefully reevaluated Li Fan. His eyes filled with approval, and he said, "Leave? In the vastness of heaven and earth, where else can I go? You go!"

Li Fan respectfully bowed, said nothing more, and left the Formation Hall.

"I hope I haven't misjudged him." Zhang Zhiliang sighed, watching Li Fan disappear in the distance.

...

On the Transmission Square, the black box stored in the storage ring, Li Fan attempted to use the teleportation formation. Unsurprisingly, it still worked.

It seemed that the task assigned by Zhang Zhiliang was just an excuse to send Li Fan far away from the Cong Yun Sea. The reason for saying he couldn't use teleportation formations was to prevent Li Fan from returning quickly.

Watching the cultivators of the Cong Yun Sea who came and went hastily in front of the transmission formation, Li Fan understood it was time.

Using a Communication Talisman, he contacted Su Xiaomei and asked her and the others to wait on Night Island.

Then, using the teleportation formation, he arrived at Liuli Island, planning to leave with Su Xiaomei and the others.

Unexpectedly, just as he stepped out of the teleportation formation, he was stopped by the guardian of Liuli Island, Yuwen Xing.

"I have a good job here. I don't know if you're interested?" Yuwen Xing looked at Li Fan warmly.

"Oh? I don't know what the job is." Li Fan politely asked but didn't take it to heart. Regardless of what Yuwen Xing said, he would definitely refuse.

"The guardian of Tai'an Island and I have a good relationship. Currently, he is facing a bottleneck in his cultivation and wants to go out to seek opportunities. However, due to his responsibilities, he can't leave without authorization. So, he asked me if I could recommend a suitable person."

"Coincidentally, I ran into you."

Yuwen Xing said with a smile.

Li Fan only needed to hear one sentence to know something was wrong. When Yuwen Xing finished speaking, his face turned dark.

"No, no. I have been entrusted by someone else with a task and need to go out for a trip. I really can't spare the time."

"Please ask someone else!" Li Fan bluntly refused with his hands cupped.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 143: The Appearance of Crimson Flame


"That's a pity," Yuwen Xing said with regret as he looked at Li Fan.

Li Fan was about to leave but suddenly thought of something.

He asked, "Fellow Daoist Yuwen, I wonder, what is the cultivation level of the guardian of Tai'an Island?"

Yuwen Xing was a bit puzzled about why Li Fan would ask such a question, but it wasn't a secret, so he answered, "Fellow Daoist Zhou Qingang is at the mid Foundation Establishment level. It hasn't been long since he broke through from the early Foundation Establishment stage, only about twenty or thirty years. It's unexpected that he's about to break through again so soon. Truly enviable!"

Li Fan nodded thoughtfully and said, "I see. This Zhou Qingang seems to have some issues..."

However, since Li Fan was planning to slip away, this matter had nothing to do with him. He just kept it in mind.

After bidding farewell to Yuwen Xing, Li Fan hurried to Night Island.

Su Xiaomei and the others had already gathered.

In the six years that had passed, everyone had undergone earth-shaking changes.

Su Changyu had successfully entered the Qi Condensation stage, practicing the "Concealed Jade Art" that Xiao Heng had exchanged for him.

Xiao Heng, unable to contact Li Fan for years, joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance through the introduction of Zhao Erbao. They undertook various tasks to accumulate contribution points. Both of them were now at the late Qi Condensation stage, preparing for Foundation Establishment.

As for Yin Yueting and Yin Yuzhen, they had successfully removed the miasma from their bodies, although they had not yet succeeded in condensing Qi into their bodies.

Although he was at the late Qi Condensation stage as well, Li Fan activated the Concealing Form Talisman on his body, and Su Xiaomei and the others couldn't see his true cultivation level.

Li Fan asked Zhao Erbao, "How is the collection of Dao resonance antiques going?"

In recent years, Zhao Erbao has been very obedient, having experienced hardships under Li Fan. Later, seeing the several juniors brought by Li Fan rapidly surpassing him in cultivation, he became even more docile.

He honestly confessed, "We're still a few artifacts short, but it should be enough to reproduce the Dao resonance soon. It should take another year or two."

Li Fan shook his head. "There's no time. Let's get ready to leave."

"Leave? Where are we going?" Zhao Erbao looked a bit confused.

"Yuandao Prefecture," Li Fan answered without explaining why.

Then, Li Fan looked at Su Xiaomei and the others. "Are you willing to go with me?"

"Master, wherever you go, I will follow," Su Xiaomei said with a cheerful smile, not asking why they suddenly had to leave.

Although so much time had passed, for some reason, she still looked like a seven or eight-year-old child.

Seeing Li Fan asking, she immediately expressed her loyalty.

"We will naturally go with Xiaomei." Xiao Heng and Su Changyu had no objections.

Yin Yueting, however, looked hesitant, apparently reluctant to leave the foundation they had built for Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.

In the midst of her hesitation, her sister Yin Yuzhen kicked her right leg forcefully.

Looking back at her sister, Yin Yueting said, "We will go together."

Li Fan nodded, making the final decision, "Pack up, we will set off in seven days."

The reason for such a long preparation time was because the transfer of Dao resonance antiques was somewhat troublesome. They couldn't use spatial storage equipment, so they had to move each item one by one.

Fortunately, with everyone working together, they finally managed to move all the Dao resonance antiques into the Tai Yan Boat within the specified time.

As for the assets of Heavenly Treasure Pavilion, Yin Yueting only took half of it with her. The rest was left to the elders who had been following her and working together.

Everyone boarded the Tai Yan Boat, ready to leave.

At this moment, a person suddenly rushed out from the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion crowd, crying and kowtowing while shouting, "Manager Yin!"

It turned out to be someone Yin Yueting had treated with great kindness, reluctant to see her leave.

Li Fan recognized him as Sun Zhang, who had been at Heavenly Treasure Pavilion on Liuli Island in the previous life.

After thinking about it, Li Fan brought him onto the Tai Yan Boat.

Apart from him, no one else from Heavenly Treasure Pavilion was willing to leave.

Li Fan also inquired about a fatty named Ye Feipeng.

Amidst the various responses, Li Fan learned that Ye Feipeng had been noticed by Wu Xingzou of the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce a few years ago. Following Wu Xingzou, Ye Feipeng left the Cong Yun Sea, and no one knew where he had gone.

Nodding, Li Fan didn't ask further.

Then, flying the Tai Yan Boat, they headed towards Yuandao Prefecture.

This route had been traveled by Li Fan before, and this time, there were no major obstacles.

After more than a month of traveling, they arrived at Zhuo Ling City.

However, Li Fan hadn't anticipated bringing so many Dao resonance antiques.

The courtyard he had prepared as a temporary residence turned out to be too small.

It couldn't accommodate all the items.

So, Li Fan left the Tai Yan Boat outside Zhuo Ling City, used formations to conceal its presence, and instructed Su Xiaomei and others to guard it.

Afterward, Li Fan met with the guardian of Zhuo Ling City and inquired if there were suitable places nearby to open a cultivation cave.

"Cultivation cave?" The guardian of Zhuo Ling City, Fei Nan, was a Foundation Establishment late-stage cultivator. At this moment, he was somewhat surprised by Li Fan's question.

Because generally, cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would either settle directly in Yuandao Heavenly City or stay in the Tianxuan Mirror.

Only those eccentric cultivators who liked solitude would go through the trouble of opening cultivation caves in the wilderness.

Fei Nan didn't inquire further, especially since Li Fan generously offered a consultation fee of one hundred contribution points. Fei Nan immediately warmly provided Li Fan with several locations to choose from.

The first location was a gorge more than two thousand miles north of Zhuo Ling City.

Looking down from the sky, the mountain peaks on both sides were like natural barriers, protecting the gorge in the center. The gorge was abundant in spiritual energy, and it wasn't too far from Yuandao Heavenly City.

The second location was to the south of Zhuo Ling City, more than three thousand miles away, where there was a continuous mountain range called the Daoling Mountains.

Legend had it that it used to be the site of a certain sect before the great calamity. In the Daoling Mountain range, there were several suitable peaks for opening cultivation caves. The downside was that occasionally, cultivators would come to explore the remnants of the sect.

The third location was relatively remote.

More than five thousand miles west of Zhuo Ling City, near Shilin Prefecture, there was a vast lake called Mingyue Lake, several hundred miles in diameter.

The lake itself had no valuable resources, and there were no ancient relics nearby. The density of spiritual energy in the vicinity was also ordinary.

So, few cultivators ventured there.

After listening, Li Fan thanked Fei Nan and left.

Among these places, it seemed that Mingyue Lake was most suitable as a cultivation cave.

However, Li Fan wasn't in a hurry to make a decision; he believed seeing was believing.

He rejoined Su Xiaomei and the others, lifted the Tai Yan Boat, and headed towards Mingyue Lake.

Meanwhile, as Li Fan and his group were looking for a future residence, a grand drama quietly unfolded over the Cong Yun Sea.

It was already midnight.

No stars or moon were visible, making it pitch dark.

On Ten Thousand Immortals Island, everything was silent.

Suddenly, without warning, a huge sun appeared in the sky.

The sunlight was intense, illuminating everything.

Under this artificial daylight, the Cong Yun Sea, which was shrouded in darkness, became as bright as day.

And beneath the great sun, in the high sky, a red, transparent figure suddenly appeared.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 144: All Immortals Execute Crimson Flame


The night suddenly became day under the great sun.

This strange scene attracted the attention of all the living beings in the Cong Yun Sea who had not yet rested, causing them to look up at the sky.

At the same time, an ancient voice also echoed from the heavens, seeming like thunder, instantly spreading throughout the entire Cong Yun Sea.

"Since you begged for my help, I will lend a hand. Whether you succeed or not depends on your own fortune!"

Under the illumination of the great sun, the figure of the Heavenly Spirit that could not be seen by ordinary people, Crimson Flame, was now clearly revealed.

"What is that?"

Compared to the sun illuminating the Cong Yun Sea, this crimson figure was extremely tiny.

But all cultivators' gazes were involuntarily attracted by it.

Greed surged from their hearts.

Reason disappeared as cultivators one after another flew towards the sky like moths to a flame.

Before even getting close, their whole bodies were incinerated by fierce flames.

Dots of death announcements like fireworks continuously appeared in the sky.

Ten Thousand Immortals Island had already fallen into chaos.

"It's a Heavenly Spirit! After consuming it, one can achieve Dao Integration!"

Countless cultivators' eyes turned bloodshot as they babbled incessantly.

In an instant, cultivators blinded by greed flew towards the sky as if possessed.

However, when their flight altitude exceeded the statue of the Immortal Ancestor, rays of white light simultaneously shot out from the various statues in the Transmission Square, bombarding these transgressors into pieces.

Above Ten Thousand Immortals Island, all kinds of death announcements instantly appeared.

But the fear of death could not stop the greed of cultivators at all.

White lights kept flashing, and each time they lit up, at least several cultivators lost their lives.

Observing through his clone, Li Fan was also shocked and mesmerized by the cruel yet magnificent scene before his eyes.

Although he had witnessed the Heavenly Spirit many times and knew its fatal allure to cultivators, when it really happened before his eyes, Li Fan realized that he still underestimated its attraction to cultivators.

Fearless of death, they pressed forward successively.

In the blink of an eye, at least hundreds of cultivators had lost their lives because of it.

Moreover, the Heavenly Spirit's attraction kept growing stronger.

Even those cultivators barely holding onto their original temperance seemed about to lose their persistence.

At this moment, a rainbow-colored shield abruptly expanded from the central core area of Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

In an instant, it covered the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

The seven-colored radiance, misty and flowing, slightly blocked the cultivators' line of sight towards the Heavenly Spirit.

As if seen through a thin veil, although they could still clearly see everything happening high in the sky, the surging desires in their hearts gradually faded away.

"The Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation..." As Li Fan looked at the rainbow shield, before he could think further, his attention was drawn back to the scene in the sky.

The cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island who had just escaped death also did not have time to discuss among themselves. Their attraction grew more as time passed.

The Heavenly Spirit, Crimson Flame.

It seemed to have just emerged into the world and was illuminated by the great sun overhead.

After such a long time, its figure finally fully condensed.

Ignoring the ants recklessly flying to their deaths below, it looked up at the sun shining in the night sky.

Flames abruptly surged around its body as it was about to take action.

But then, in the heavens, a splendid river of stars composed of countless twinkling lights soundlessly appeared.

Under the rare scene of the stars and sun sharing the sky together, the silvery starlight interwove with the scorching sunlight.

It formed a cage that trapped the Crimson Flame within.

"The waters of the Lancang River come down from heaven!"

An unrestrained laughter echoed across the sky.

Shrouded by the star river, torrents of river water a thousand feet deep descended from the sky as if like a spear piercing downwards.

The roaring waters were like a dragon, slamming down towards the Crimson Flame.

But before even getting close to the Crimson Flame, the surging waters were evaporated by the scorching heat.

However, the flowing river never stopped, and it slightly delayed the Crimson Flame's actions.

At the same time, all living beings in the Cong Yun Sea heard the tender voice of a 5 or 6-year-old boy.

"Tian Yang's soul..."

A strange mechanical voice followed.

"Not weaker than man!"

Black and red flames soared into the sky, transforming into fiery chains that instantly locked the Crimson Flame's four limbs.

Under the scorching pure red flames, the black and red chains continuously fell back.

Some were assimilated into the crimson blaze, while other chains turned into black ash and fell from the sky.

"Not weaker!"

"Than man!"

The childish and mechanical voices echoed across the sky together.

Full of stubbornness.

The black and red chains suddenly regained their previous shape out of thin air.

Tightly pulling at the Crimson Flame's hands and feet.

In the sky, within the brilliant star river, a star transformed into purple light and descended from afar.

In an instant, crossing numerous spatial barriers, it smashed onto the Crimson Flame.

It didn't create the earth-shattering impact as imagined.

After the purple light approached, it was vaporized into nothingness by the unimaginably high temperature.

It only caused the flames to flicker slightly, with no other apparent impact.

The Crimson Flame tilted its head slightly, seemingly mocking.

"Fellow Daoist Hongxi, Fellow Daoist Haoxuan, if not now, when will you act?"

A steady female voice urged.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

Faint rumblings echoed in the heavens and earth.

"Mountain!"

An inverted mountain peak that looked extremely small suddenly appeared above the Crimson Flame's head in an instant.

The needle-like mountain peak pressed down on the Crimson Flame.

"Mountain!"

"Mountain!"

"Mountain!"

...

The young man's voice resounded one after another.

Above, below, left, right, front, and back of the Crimson Flame, multiple inverted mountains simultaneously appeared.

They trapped the Crimson Flame in the middle.

And behind each mountain peak, the shadows of several other peaks could be faintly seen.

Inverted mountains pressed down from all directions.

The immense pressure distorted the space around the Crimson Flame.

But, the moment each mountain approached the Crimson Flame, they were scorched into nothingness by the fiery heat.

At this moment, the Crimson Flame faced attacks from the Chains of Tian Yang, the Falling Starlight, the Lancang River water, and the inverted mountains.

The flames surging around its body indicated that it was no longer as relaxed as at the beginning.

Therefore, it prepared to make a move.

"Center!"

Just at this moment, a thunderous shout echoed in the heavens and earth.

A silver light suddenly appeared and pierced through its chest.

The Crimson Flame's body slightly hesitated.

The flames surged, and the silver radiance disappeared in an instant.

"Center!"

Another silver radiance pierced through its body.

Yet, it appeared oblivious and began its counterattack.

Extending its hand, it lightly flicked its finger.

A terrifying red light burst forth, momentarily surpassing the brightness of the sun in the sky.

Amidst the explosion of flames.

The inverted mountains in all directions were instantly blasted away, collapsing in disarray.

Flames churned around its body as it dragged the Tian Yang Chains and threw a fist at the white Lancang River water dragon.

White mist tumbled as the waterfall in the sky instantly dried up.

A ray of red light shot out from the Crimson Flame's eyes, colliding with the purple light falling from the star river.

Rising upwards, like a meteor flying in reverse, it bombarded the brilliant star river.

The starlight darkened as the river sustained a heavy strike.

In just a moment, under the Crimson Flame's casual counterattack, the originally magnificent combined strike of the five True Monarchs already showed signs of defeat.

In the Cong Yun Sea, the cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island had all lost their voices at this scene.

Not long ago, they were still shocked by the earth-shattering divine abilities of the True Monarchs.

But now, as the Dao Integration Realm Crimson Flame took action, they finally understood.

That insurmountable chasm between the Dao Integration Realm and the Soul Transformation Realm.

For a while, some cultivators' minds collapsed.

"The combined might of five True Monarchs is so easily crushed?"

"Devour the Heavenly Spirit, devour the Heavenly Spirit. The power of the Dao Integration Realm is too terrifying. How can we devour the Heavenly Spirit?"

"Ants... we're all ants..."

......

Other people still had faith in the island's True Monarchs.

"Get a grip! Esteemed True Monarch Hongxi and the others won't be defeated so easily. They must have more tricks up their sleeve!"

"That's right, the Heavenly Spirit has been under siege since revealing itself, obviously the True Monarchs have made preparations beforehand. Don't worry!"

As if to prove these words, high up in the sky, under the shining stars, silver-white squares soundlessly appeared around the battlefield.

"That's..."

Li Fan was slightly surprised.

He recognized this object: it was the Formation Crown that Formation Master Zhang Zhiliang gave him for protection when he went out before.

Just one Formation Crown contained hundreds of layered formations.

Yet now, densely packed, at least hundreds of thousands of white squares had appeared around the Crimson Flame and five True Monarchs' battlefield!

"I, Zhang Zhiliang, am first in formations in the Cong Yun Sea!"

"Although I am only at the Nascent Soul Realm."

"Today, I will use my Infinite Formation to assist the True Monarchs' ascension!"

Zhang Zhiliang's arrogant voice thundered.

"Gather spirits!"

Following his low shout.

The hundreds of thousands of white Formation Crowns simultaneously emitted faint white lights.

A silence descended upon heaven and earth.

Then, tremendous attractive forces burst out from these white Formation Crowns.

In an instant, the spiritual qi of the entire Cong Yun Sea was attracted towards the battlefield.

A spiritual qi storm swiftly formed.

Vast amounts of spiritual qi, almost condensed into liquid, gathered.

The damaged Tian Yang Chains instantly regained their firmness.

The darkened star river once again became dazzling and eye-catching.

The waters of the Lancang River once again surged with great momentum.

The inverted mountains towered into the sky again.

Moreover, the hundreds of thousands of Formation Crowns created by Zhang Zhiliang, harnessing the entire power of the Cong Yun Sea, were far from just having these uses.

"Stall!"

Strands of silver-white threads shot out from the Formation Crowns, coiling around the Crimson Flame like spider silk.

The threads seemed insubstantial; no matter how the flames churned, they only twisted the fine lines.

But the flames were unable to destroy them.

Tens of thousands of threads bound the Crimson Flame.

Its actions became a bit sluggish.

"Birth and death!"

White light shone on the five True Monarchs.

Their offensive abruptly became even more ferocious.

And they seemed to have gained a trace more coordination between each other.

Achieving a synergistic effect of one plus one being greater than two.

On the other hand, each of the Crimson Flame's flame attacks was weakened by the True Monarchs' combined strikes.

"Obliteration!"

Strands of black lights emitting an aura of destruction sporadically shot out from the hundreds of thousands of white Formation Crowns.

Accurately bombarding the Crimson Flame, causing the flames around its body to flicker rapidly.

......

Zhang Zhiliang manipulated and unleashed arrays of different effects in succession.

The cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island watched this scene with eyes wide and tongues tied, finding it unbelievable.

"Just who is this Zhang Zhiliang? I only know Gong Boyu is the island's formation master!"

"He says his own cultivation base is only at the Nascent Soul Realm? I see his formations' might even exceed those True Monarchs!"

"Master Zhang is indeed unanimously recognized by the Formation Hall as first in formations."

"I must also learn formations."

While Li Fan, who had followed and learned formations from Zhang Zhiliang for nearly ten years, had an even deeper understanding.

Indeed, Zhang Zhiliang ability to participate in the contest between Soul Transformation and Dao Integration relied greatly on the hundreds of thousands of Formation Crowns.

But Li Fan knew clearly in his heart that simultaneously controlling such a huge number of Formation Crowns was an extremely difficult matter.

It required extremely powerful spiritual support as well as thorough familiarity with formations.

"Infinite Formation..." Li Fan thought of the small black box Zhang Zhiliang gave him, a thought arising in his mind.

Up in the sky, the battle became increasingly intense.

Purple lights continuously fell from the star river, accurately striking the Crimson Flame.

The frequency of the silver lights shooting out from an unknown origin became increasingly rapid, riddling the Crimson Flame's body full of holes.

The inverted mountains, Lancang River waters, and Tian Yang Chains continuously tangled with the Crimson Flame.

Although the offense was extremely fierce, each attack only snuffed out a few flames.

As the Heavenly Spirit, its power came from heaven and earth itself.

Seemingly endless and inexhaustible.

The combined might of the five True Monarchs could not inflict substantial damage.

They could only slowly wear down its strength.

Although the Crimson Flame was equivalent to a Dao Integration Realm cultivator, it was after all only an embodiment of principles.

It was not very proficient in combat, purely relying on its power to overwhelm others.

Each of its attacks posed huge threats to the True Monarchs, but with Zhang Zhiliang and the hundreds of thousands of formations assisting, they could quickly recover from injuries.

Under this war of attrition, for a time, the battle situation had fallen into a strangely tense stalemate.

Shrouded under the great sun, the normal cycle of day and night in the Cong Yun Sea was also stopped.

Time seemed to be paused as all living beings halted their activities, looking up at the battle between the six powerful experts in the sky.

The cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island watched the battlefield closely, afraid to miss the slightest detail.

The combined might of five Soul Transformation experts against one in the Dao Integration Realm.

Such a scene perhaps could only be witnessed once in their lifetimes.

Many cultivators even took out inscription tablets to record this down.

Whether to aid in their own comprehension in the future or replicate and sell, it would be greatly useful.

A small number of cultivators foresaw trouble brewing and wanted to escape through the teleportation arrays. But they discovered that the teleportation arrays had all lost effectiveness.

So they fled from Ten Thousand Immortals Island in panic, wanting to fly away from the Cong Yun Sea by themselves.

......

Among the masses with all kinds of reactions, Li Fan also carefully watched this seemingly endless battle through his clone.

Engrossed in it, letting time slip by.

One day, two days.

Time trickled away little by little.

In the protracted battle, the flames churning around the Crimson Flame's body flickered increasingly rapidly.

Evidently, continuously facing the relentless combined strikes of the five True Monarchs had made its responses gradually more strenuous.

More importantly, the dazzling golden light from the great sun in the sky as well as the faint starlight from the splendid star river together wove a cage, cutting off its connection with heaven and earth.

Preventing it from replenishing its primal energy.

Each attack made it weaker bit by bit.

The scales of victory were tilting towards the five True Monarchs.

So their offense became increasingly fierce.

Ever since the great battle began, the spiritual qi of the entire Cong Yun Sea kept getting drawn away.

The precipitous drop in spiritual qi density was keenly sensed by the cultivators.

They could not help feeling alarmed.

The battle had reached a white-hot stage.

On Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Li Fan, who was watching the battle, suddenly sensed something.

He shifted his gaze away from the sky, looking at the Cong Yun Sea shrouded under the great sun.

There, something seemed to be slowly taking form.

The Canghai Pearl in his original body informed him that this was not an illusion.

"Zhang, Hao, Bo," Li Fan said each word one by one in his mind, a strange look on his face.

He originally thought that summoning the winds to soar over Ten Thousand Immortals Island and attract the True Monarchs' attention to lay the trap against the Crimson Flame was already his limit.

He didn't expect that he would still make a move?

How is that possible?

No matter how fast he cultivated, it was impossible to break through to the Golden Core Realm in just a few years.

Even if Zhang Haobo had achieved Golden Core, in a battle at this level, he would still be like an ant.

What else could he do?

Li Fan's gaze tightly locked onto the air above the sea.

There, an illusory human figure was gradually taking shape.

Little by little, aside from Li Fan, many other cultivators also noticed the anomaly.

"Quick, look over there, what is that?"

"Could it be another True Monarch joining the battle?"

"That silhouette looks so familiar, have I seen it somewhere before?"

"It's Zhang Haobo who attacked Ten Thousand Immortals Island back then!"

Amidst the crowd's cries of alarm, Zhang Haobo's figure followed the wind and rapidly expanded, in a flash becoming as enormous as a mountain.

"This is..."

"Golden Core Dharma Body! He actually shattered his golden core!"

"Why? Such a young cultivator at Golden Core Realm has boundless prospects ahead!"

Information regarding the Golden Core Dharma Body instantly surfaced in Li Fan's mind.

Refining the golden core required peeping into the laws of heaven and earth.

If foundation building used enlightenment from the laws contained in Heavenly Treasures to build one's Dao Foundation, then the Golden Core consists of the laws personally comprehended by the cultivator.

The Golden Core Dharma Body is the embodiment of law condensed in one's Golden Core.

When detonating both it and the physical body, one could form a body purely composed of laws that briefly existed in heaven and earth.

The Dharma Body could only persist for less than half a day.

Once it dissipated, it signified the cultivator's complete death.

Only Golden Core cultivators facing mortal peril would use this method as an all-out strike.

Yet he didn't expect Zhang Haobo to unhesitatingly utilize it for no reason.

What was he trying to do?

The cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island all focused their gazes on this Golden Core Dharma Body.

A thought that they dared not believe flashed in their minds in unison.

Did he want to slay a Dao Integration Realm as Golden Core?

Not even in their dreams would anyone dare attempt this.

However...

Zhang Haobo dared!

His body had grown to the limit, resembling a mountain.

Watching the raging battle not far away in the sky, the Crimson Flame and the five Soul Transformation True Monarchs were still fighting.

An inexplicable expression appeared on his face.

Extending his left hand, a deep blue water droplet appeared in the palm of his hand.

With a mixture of gratitude and nostalgia in his gaze, Zhang Haobo's eyes flashed with a trace of determination.

Suddenly, he clenched his hand, and the blue water droplet burst open with a resounding noise.

Endless blue light emerged from it, absorbed by Zhang Haobo.

And below, the Cong Yun Sea seemed to boil instantly, creating waves without wind.

In the midst of the surging waves, countless blue dots of light rapidly flew towards Zhang Haobo.

Zhang Haobo's body instantly expanded several times again.

Like a giant towering into the sky, with the black sky above his head and the blue sea beneath his feet, his eyes were level with the Crimson Flame.

Zhang Haobo looked at the familiar figure in front of him and said loudly.

"You!"

"Destroyed my hometown!"

"Burned my relatives!"

He paused, a faint smile appearing at the corner of his mouth.

"Now..."

"Receive my sword!"

A dazzling blue light suddenly lit up between the sky and the sea.

The brilliance was dazzling, surpassing even the great sun in the sky.

At this moment, all the cultivators watching here instinctively closed their eyes.

Zhang Haobo, embodying the sword, slashed forward in an instant.

Fearless of life and death, he pressed forward!

"This sword!"

"I've waited for sixteen years!"

The attacks of the five True Monarchs intensified like a sudden rainstorm, immobilizing the Crimson Flame.

In the blink of an eye, the blue sword shadow crossed through multiple layers of spatial barriers and slashed down upon the Crimson Flame!

Passing through its body, the momentum unabated, it flew towards the distance.

However, Zhang Haobo had returned to his normal size.

The lower part of his body had completely dissipated.

Only the upper body floated in the air.

His hands firmly grasped the Crimson Flame, and under the purely scorching flame laws, his Dharma Body began to dissolve like a melting candle.

Soon, his features became blurred and grotesque.

But he never let go.

Zhang Haobo smiled again and said the last words.

"In fact..."

"I lied to you just now."

"I..."

"Still have twenty-seven swords."

Before the words fell, from various parts of the Cong Yun Sea.

Waves surged, emitting a deafening roar.

This was not just Zhang Haobo's power but the will of the entire Cong Yun Sea.

The sky wanted to burn the sea, but the sea resisted.

So...

Receive the twenty-eight swords of the Cong Yun Sea!

The remaining twenty-seven strands of blue light instantly took form.

Covering the sky, shining on all living beings.

Aimed at the Crimson Flame locked by Zhang Haobo, they arrived in an instant.

Twenty-seven swords, piercing through one after another.

Cracks of blue appeared on the transparent body of the Crimson Flame.

It silently looked at Zhang Haobo, who was almost completely melting while still gripping it, expressionless.

Then...

The flames suddenly dimmed.

The red figure gradually became transparent, as if melting into water, slowly dissipating.

At the same time, Zhang Haobo, who had only half a head left, gained a sudden surge of strength.

A body made of flames was generated from below his head.

A wave of pressure manifested simultaneously.

The five True Monarchs were forced to reveal their figures, descending to the sea surface.

Even the sun in the sky had to retract its radiance.

Flames danced around, and Zhang Haobo's body finally fully formed.

He looked down at the beings in the Cong Yun Sea below, his face devoid of joy or sorrow.

A new Dao Integration Realm Immortal Sage was born.

On the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, there was silence.

All the cultivators, their gazes fixed, found it hard to believe what they were seeing.

"Dao Integration Realm Immortal Sage, a Dao Integration Realm Immortal Sage who cultivated for sixteen years..."

They couldn't help but mutter to themselves.

Even Li Fan, the instigator of all this, looked at the figure in the sky with shock.

"He actually, actually accomplished it?"

The waves in the Cong Yun Sea surged, seemingly celebrating the birth of the new Immortal Sage and the escape from a disaster.

All eyes of every creature were now focused on the Dao Integration Realm Immortal Sage, Zhang Haobo.

Admiration, envy, fear...

Various emotions arose.

...

At this moment.

A thin black line silently pierced through Zhang Haobo's chest.

Behind him, a figure completely composed of a deep ink color appeared out of thin air.

In the Cong Yun Sea, at the moment when all beings saw this ink-colored figure, their souls trembled uncontrollably.

The moment they saw it, they knew its name.

Ink Death.

Zhang Haobo, stunned, tried to turn around.

But he found that he could no longer move.

His breath instantly weakened.

Zhang Haobo died!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 145: Ink Death Exterminates Cong Yun Sea


Crimson clouds suddenly emerged in the sky, shrouding the entire Cong Yun Sea endlessly.

A passage naturally surfaced in the minds of all the beings who witnessed this strange scene.

"Crimson Flame Immortal Sage Zhang Haobo cultivated for 16 years. Had built his foundation using the Heavenly Treasure 'Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent', and had achieved Golden Core through the 'Water Wind Sword Technique'."

"He sacrificed the Heavenly Spirit Crimson Flame to achieve Dao Integration."

"Fortunately, he was executed by the Heavenly Spirit Ink Death, and his Dao was dissipated and returned to the heavens!"

However, the cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island had no time to look at this shocking scene.

Because...

True terror had arrived.

When that ink-black figure had appeared behind Zhang Haobo and executed him.

The white-robed True Monarch Hongxi let out a stern shout: "Go!"

In an instant, the inverted mountains, Lancang River waters, purple starlight, dazzling silver lights, and black fire chains all smashed towards the ink-colored figure.

Trying to buy some time.

Faced with an unfamiliar Heavenly Spirit, the five True Monarchs unanimously chose to flee the Cong Yun Sea.

The aura from that ink-colored figure also made them feel fear from the bottom of their hearts.

But it was too late.

Ink Death lightly waved his right hand upwards, and a black line shot into the great sun in the sky.

A muffled groan came from within.

A black spot abruptly appeared in the golden sun.

It was so conspicuous, then like a sun-devouring creature, it quickly expanded outwards.

The light gradually disappeared.

Darkness descended upon the Cong Yun Sea.

At the same time, Ink Death split into five, instantly appearing in different directions.

Five black strands arrived in a flash, piercing through the five True Monarchs' bodies.

The river dried up, True Monarch Lancang was dead!

The black flames abruptly vanished, True Monarch Tai Yang was dead!

The mountain range collapsed, True Monarch Hongxi was dead!

A hidden stalactite in the sky shattered inch by inch, True Monarch Haoxuan was dead!

In the splendid star river, countless stars successively exploded.

The starry sky abruptly became extremely gloomy.

The torn heavens gradually recovered.

Only a meteor remained, streaking across the horizon.

True Monarch Ziyun was heavily injured and escaped!

In an instant, out of five True Monarchs, four were dead and one was heavily injured.

Right after that, Ink Death split into five thousand.

In a flash, penetrating through those hundreds of thousands of white formation fortifications.

Like dense ink dripping into clear water, all the white squares instantly turned pitch black.

Zhang Zhiliang who had been hiding in the air relying on the formation fortifications, could no longer hide.

A drop of ink effortlessly pierced through Zhang Zhiliang's chest.

At the wound, black ink markings appeared.

His flesh and blood turned into countless tiny black particles, instantly swallowing Zhang Zhiliang.

Zhang Zhiliang, first in formations in the Cong Yun Sea, was dead!

In the sky, the hundreds of thousands of ink droplets simultaneously squirmed, merging into one.

One Dao Integration Immortal Sage, four Soul Transformation True Monarchs, one Nascent Soul True Lord.

All had perished at the same time.

The various phenomena in Cong Yun Sea's sky intertwined and fused together.

Yet all was dyed black by the flying black particles, forming a bizarre, fantastical splashed ink painting.

The Heavenly Spirit Ink Death stood below the ink painting, looking down on the living beings of the Cong Yun Sea.

Raising his head and looking up at the sky, strands of information like hellish hymns started playing in the minds of living beings, continuously echoing.

"True Monarch Lancang..."

"...True Monarch Yang..."

"...True Monarch..."

......

"Had cultivated for 1653 years..."

"...1436 years..."

"...years..."

......

"Had built his foundation using the Heavenly Treasure White Dragon Flower..."

"...built his foundation..."

"...foundation"

......

"Fortunately, he was executed by the heavens, and his Dao dissipated and returned to the heavens!"

"Fortunately, he was executed by the heavens, and his Dao dissipated and returned to the heavens!"

"His Dao had dissipated and returned to the heavens!"

"His Dao had dissipated and returned to the heavens!"

"His Dao had dissipated and returned to the heavens!"

......

Ink Death is silent, heaven and earth sing his intent.

This is a silent threat, an unspoken warning.

This is heaven and earth, showcasing their true power before the cultivators.

The cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island watched as the once aloof and mighty Soul Transformation True Monarchs were easily and casually slaughtered like dogs and chickens.

This terrifying scene made all the cultivators' hearts turn cold.

Some trembled all over, collapsing limply on the ground with vacant eyes.

Some became crazed, losing all reason and randomly fleeing around.

Some had bloodshot eyes, disregarding the gap in strength and attacking Ink Death.

......

Ink Death's head turned slightly, glancing down at Ten Thousand Immortals Island below, then retracted his gaze, sweeping across Cong Yun Sea.

In a flash, his body split up, changing again into thousands of tiny black particles.

Then, thousands became millions, millions became billions, and billions became trillions.

Innumerable black particles proliferated outwards.

Finally, they formed an ink-colored curtain, shrouding the entire Cong Yun Sea.

The black particles squirmed as they endlessly multiplied downwards.

The seven-colored radiance on Ten Thousand Immortals Island flowed, barely blocking it.

But countless tiny gnawing sounds rang out, and the radiance instantly dimmed.

Outside of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, nothing obstructed these black particles.

The ocean surged, seemingly wanting to desperately resist.

But the seawater swirling in the air was the first to be devoured and transformed.

The black curtain pressed down from the sky.

Swallowing islands and oceans.

Soil, rocks, life, seawater...

Everything, everything was gnawed and transformed into black particles.

Islands were annihilated.

The sea level kept dropping downwards.

In less than half a day, the blue ocean completely disappeared from sight.

Ten Thousand Immortals Island was completely surrounded by the black particles.

Endless darkness enshrouded the island's immortals, with nowhere to escape.

This was a true apocalypse.

This was a disaster tens of thousands of times more terrifying than Crimson Flame burning the ocean.

On Ten Thousand Immortals Island, the seven-colored protective shield could no longer hold on, shattering like broken glass.

The towering statue of the Immortal Ancestor instantly became the black particles' first targets of attack.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Guardian Formation's protective rays continuously attacked, but falling into this black ocean, it too only became nutrients for the black particles.

The stone statues of the Immortal Masters, starting from their high crowns on their heads, were melted away bit by bit.

Soon, only half of their bodies remained.

At the same time, the other black particles swarmed in, transforming into strands.

Like lethal snakes, they hunted the cultivators fleeing everywhere.

Countless cultivators often couldn't even make a sound before being melted and assimilated into the constantly squirming black particles.

And under the sky obscured by the black curtain, even the falling cultivators' death announcements could no longer be seen.

The cultivators on the island, like dogs that lost their homes, fled around in panic.

In the chaos and despair, only two people remained calm.

One was Li Fan's clone.

He watched the sky filled with ink, his expression tranquil.

The startling shock from first seeing Ink Death gradually faded away. In its final moments, the clone slowly pondered.

"Although both are Heavenly Spirits, Ink Death and Crimson Flame's destructive power simply could not be compared."

After a while, he came to a realization.

"When a Heavenly Spirit descends into the mortal realm, they have their own heavenly duties."

"Green Wind trapped the sword, Crimson Flame burned the ocean."

"As for Ink Death, his purpose was..."

"Obliteration!"

Under Ink Death's havoc, it was the true obliteration of everything.

Not even the soil and rocks would remain.

It seemed after this catastrophe, the original region of the Cong Yun Sea would become an empty abyss of nothingness.

It seemed the scene dozens of years later in his past life where the dried-up Cong Yun Sea became the lush Cong Yun Mountains would not appear again in this life.

This kind of obliteration method was too horrifying, too extreme.

The heavens and earth would not use it from the very beginning.

But in this life, after the Heavenly Spirit Crimson Flame was sacrificed and refined, it provoked a fierce reaction from heaven and earth.

Ink Death promptly descended into the mortal realm after.

This existence of utter destruction showcased the extremely resolute will of heaven and earth.

That was: Cong Yun Sea must die!

However, watching the cultivators die without resistance, Li Fan felt very unhappy in his heart.

So he flipped his middle finger at the sky.

Aside from Li Fan's clone, there was another person in this apocalyptic scene who also didn't show any fear on his face.

This person was Thousand Mile Hall's Jiao Xiuyuan.

He not only didn't have the slightest trace of fear or panic, but he was instead extremely excited.

Holding a seven-colored inscription tablet, he flew at low altitude over Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Strands of black lines brushed past him, and at any moment he could die, yet Jiao Xiuyuan didn't care one bit.

He just kept excitedly saying something with his mouth.

"Struck it rich, really struck it rich this time."

"A Dao Integration Realm expert, True Monarch Tian Yang, together with True Monarch Hongxi and the other five True Monarchs, plus Zhang Zhiliang utilizing the Infinite Formation with hundreds of thousands of formations."

"Set up a trap to hunt the Heavenly Spirit Crimson Flame."

"This was already a heaven-shaking piece of news."

"What's more sensational is that a Golden Core junior actually snatched the opportunity of Dao Integration!"

"If I didn't have the inscription tablet as proof, no one would believe me if I said this!"

"Golden Core decapitating Dao Integration Realm!"

"Even writing it as a fantastical tale would get mocked!"

"Even more unbelievable is that this Immortal Sage, probably the second youngest in history to achieve Dao Integration, didn't even get to celebrate before being slaughtered by another Heavenly Spirit!"

"This Heavenly Spirit called Ink Death didn't just kill this newly ascended Dao Integration Realm Immortal Sage."

"He also wanted to commit an apocalypse, completely destroying all of Cong Yun Sea!"

"Great, kill them, kill them all!"

"With all of you dead, this is my exclusive scoop!"

"Let me think, how many contribution points could I sell this footage for?"

"Two thousand? No no no, too little."

"At least five thousand! I, Jiao Xiuyuan, had never conducted business at a loss!"

"That's right, I've never conducted business at a loss."

Jiao Xiuyuan kept muttering as he gestured wildly, recording Ten Thousand Immortals Island's final moments.

At this time, he saw among the cultivators desperately struggling for their lives, there was a special existence acting differently from the rest.

He didn't show any fear on his face, flipping his middle finger at that apocalyptic Ink Death in the sky.

"Good!"

Jiao Xiuyuan couldn't help but cry out. In his heart he was even more delighted: "Faced with the might of heaven and earth's destruction, we cultivators are fearless. Struggling against it, even if we die, it is glorious!"

"Wonderful, this elevates the theme and raises the level."

"With this inspired scene, I could at least sell this exclusive footage for two thousand more points!"

On the ground, Li Fan looked in the direction of the voice and also saw Jiao Xiuyuan's figure.

He was not surprised, only smiling and nodding at him.

Seeing this, Jiao Xiuyuan was slightly startled.

"So it's an old customer..."

Jiao Xiuyuan tilted his head, eyes narrowed, muttering softly.

The two looked at each other as the black curtain of the sky completely pressed down.

Ten Thousand Immortals Island vanished into smoke and dust.

From today on, there will no longer be a Cong Yun Sea in this world.

......

When the falling silhouettes of Cong Yun Sea's cultivators continuously bloomed like fireworks.

In a certain unknown space.

Five indistinct statues stood in a circle.

The statues bowed their heads, looking down at the center.

There, a large cluster of glowing clouds floated in the air.

Within the clouds, one could faintly glimpse a miniature landscape of land, mountains, and flowing water.

The cloud cluster was divided into large and small isolated regions, and above each region floated a tiny speck of light.

Suddenly, at the edge of this glowing cloud cluster, within a small blue region.

The speck of light there suddenly turned red, flickering nonstop.

Along with the red light's flickering, a circle of invisible ripples expanded out from it, reverberating in this unknown space.

Four out of the five statues were also awakened by it.

The red light dot projected a segment of images upward.

The scene quickly played on repeat at several hundred times the speed, precisely of what had just happened in Cong Yun Sea.

The four enormous divine senses communicated with each other.

"It actually alarmed Ink Death..."

"Cong Yun Sea ambushed the Heavenly Spirit? What was Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance thinking over there?"

"The old geezer didn't ask about worldly affairs, so it's normal his subordinates didn't know."

"Moreover, the deceased were two local Soul Transformations of Cong Yun Sea. The other three were also ones they brought over from who knows where. All not from Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's core."

"Even so, five Soul Transformations, plus some other cultivators of various levels. Dying all at once was still too many."

"No matter, they were all expendable."

"We must still control the overall number of cultivators. There cannot be too many, but cannot be too few."

"With the old geezer nowhere to be seen all day, this matter still depends on us."

"Then loosen up the restrictions on exchanging cultivation methods."

"I will relay this."

"As for Cong Yun Sea's side, it had already become a dead zone. We still had to trouble Carefree Heavenly Venerable."

After a moment, the statue that had been motionless finally transmitted some divine sense ripples.

"I know."

Then there were no more transmissions.

The others seemed to also be used to it.

They exchanged a few more words before successively falling silent.

Within the glowing cloud cluster in the center of the five statues, the brightness of that edge blue region gradually faded away, then became transparent and disappeared.

......

Yuandao Prefecture.

The instant Ten Thousand Immortals Island was completely destroyed by Ink Death, Li Fan sensed it and looked towards the distance.

"Master, what's wrong?"

Su Xiaomei noticed Li Fan's abnormality and curiously asked.

Li Fan shook his head and didn't answer.

At this time, after a few days of travel, they arrived at the vicinity of Mingyue Lake.

This region was as Fei Nan said: resources were scarce and few cultivators came here.

It was far from Yuandao Heavenly City, which was very inconvenient.

Although unsuitable for most cultivators to establish a base, for Li Fan it was not a bad choice.

One reason was because next, Li Fan would use the Canghai Pearl to build his foundation.

This eight-hundred-kilometer Mingyue Lake contained vast amounts of misty water, and its water attribute spiritual qi density was not lacking compared to the Cong Yun Sea.

Very suitable for Li Fan.

Secondly, precisely because few cultivators came here, storing Dao resonance artifacts would be safer, as there would be no worry that others might discover them.

However, establishing a base was a major matter.

He still needed to personally scout out whether there were any oddities within this lake.

Otherwise, if he built his nest in someone else's home, it would truly be laughable.

Li Fan flew above the lake's surface, preparing to investigate thoroughly.

But his figure abruptly stopped.

Between heaven and earth, an enormous cluster of blue water radiance suddenly appeared out of the void.

Returning to the Canghai Pearl.

At the same time, countless images appeared in Li Fan's mind.

"So the matter could not be accomplished and you've finally returned?"

The previously extremely weak Canghai Pearl slowly absorbed this sudden blue radiance, finally returning to the deep blue appearance Li Fan saw in his past life.

Even more, because the Cong Yun Sea was executed prematurely, the Canghai Pearl also accelerated its maturation process.

Li Fan estimated that this Earthly Treasure that was still gestating would completely form before long.

With the return of the portion of power the Canghai Pearl split off, Li Fan also came to know what happened with Zhang Haobo.

Initially, when using the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art to create the "reincarnator" Zhang Haobo, Li Fan didn't consider using the Canghai Pearl on him because this object would be his Foundation Treasure in this life.

But...

This world was not an unchanging game, matters would not all develop as he anticipated.

After Zhang Haobo "reincarnated", his fortune flowed and his destiny rapidly changed.

This attracted the attention of Cong Yun Sea's consciousness.

And after some contact, Cong Yun Sea discovered an earth-shattering secret.

This strangely fortunate person seemed to be able to know of future events.

To be specific, Crimson Flame's descent and burning of Cong Yun Sea.

And with this belief, along with past experiences, the Cong Yun Sea confirmed the credibility of this news.

More than ten years later, it would truly be scorched and dried up.

So, Cong Yun Sea made a different choice than the previous life.

In the previous life, when Crimson Flame simmered the ocean, it was originally very covert.

By the time Cong Yun Sea noticed, it was already too late to resist.

But, it was unwilling to accept this.

So although it withered away, it would be reborn anew.

This life, the heavens wanted to burn the ocean, so the ocean decided to make an all-out desperate struggle.

But it would still leave itself a way out.

Therefore, it split its power into two parts.

One part continued to transform into the Canghai Pearl.

The other part then gathered in the "reincarnator" Zhang Haobo.

Because even with its endless vast power, it could not personally take action.

The heavens wanted to burn the ocean but still needed to manifest the Heavenly Spirit.

To counterattack, it naturally also needed a spokesperson.

And Zhang Haobo was naturally the best candidate.

Everything proceeded very smoothly.

With its help, Zhang Haobo's cultivation level rose unimaginably fast.

In just a few short years, he broke through to late Qi Condensation.

Under its guidance and protection, Zhang Haobo was also able to observe the battle between Green Wind and the sword hilt, successfully building his foundation using it.

Then, with the false Core Formation cultivation base, he trespassed Ten Thousand Immortals Island and met the island's Soul Transformation True Monarch.

Although they were skeptical about what Zhang Haobo said regarding foretelling the future, under the temptation of the Dao Integration Realm and after asking in detail approximately how long it took for Crimson Flame to burn the ocean, they still made a decision.

To ambush the soon-to-descend Crimson Flame.

For this, the white-robed True Monarch Hongxi contacted the other Soul Transformation cultivator of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, True Monarch Ziyun.

He also invited over True Monarch Tai Yang, whom he previously had a battle with.

The three asked Zhang Haobo again about the details of his prophecy of Crimson Flame.

After discussing it, they still felt it wasn't safe enough.

Therefore, Hongxi went tens of thousands of kilometers away to Feiling Prefecture, inviting the Dao Integration Realm expert, True Monarch Golden Sun, to lead them.

During this time, he also invited two more Soul Transformation cultivators, True Monarch Lancang and True Monarch Haoxuan, to battle in the Cong Yun Sea.

So True Monarch Ziyun initiated the Starlight Teleportation Technique to invite them over to Ten Thousand Immortals Island as guests.

Inviting them to jointly work together to slay Crimson Flame.

For Soul Transformation cultivators, the enticement of the Dao Integration Realm was extremely difficult to resist.

So the two readily agreed.

With one Dao Integration Realm expert leading, five Soul Transformations surrounding and attacking, plus a Nascent Soul realm Formation Master preparing hundreds of thousands of formations.

With intentions aligned, a plan was formed to kill the Heavenly Spirit which took nearly ten years to burn the ocean.

The odds of success could not be considered small.

And matters did indeed turn out as such.

With Golden Sun Immortal Sage and True Monarch Ziyun joining hands, the sun-star cage cut off Crimson Flame's connection to heaven and earth's primal energy.

Crimson Flame's defeat seemed only a matter of time.

But Zhang Haobo and the Cong Yun Sea, who were observing by the side, felt uneasy in their hearts.

So they decided to take action personally.

For a mere Golden Core cultivator to intervene in the contest between Dao Integration Realm and Soul Transformation seemed preposterous.

But it was not entirely impossible.

Because the one taking action was not Zhang Haobo, but rather Cong Yun Sea itself.

The Cong Yun Sea had accumulated power for who knows how many years, and already bordered on the Dao Integration Realm.

It was too much for a Golden Core cultivator's body to bear.

Therefore, Zhang Haobo decisively shattered his core, utilizing a body purely of laws to contain Cong Yun Sea's power.

If successful, Zhang Haobo would instantly ascend to the Dao Integration Realm from Golden Core!

The resentment of being incinerated in the future, the unwillingness to accept its own fate, plus Zhang Haobo's comprehension of the Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent finally unsheathed the Twenty-Eight Swords of the Cong Yun Sea.

These swords carried unyielding will, revenge, and killing intent.

It succeeded, yet also failed.

Although Crimson Flame died, Ink Death arrived.

The instant Zhang Haobo perished, Cong Yun Sea knew the matter could not be accomplished, and finally returned its power back into the Canghai Pearl.

......

Although the Cong Yun Sea did not necessarily have humans' clear intelligence, its muddled, vague consciousness still made it direct Zhang Haobo according to its instincts to fight it out with Crimson Flame.

"Fortune does not guarantee success."

"He ended up merely a tool exploited by both sides in their game."

Li Fan sighed and shook his head.

"However..."

"The Twenty-Eight Swords of the Cong Yun Sea."

"Truly was an excellent sword technique."

The scene of Zhang Haobo unleashing this sword instantly surfaced in Li Fan's mind.

Mobilizing the power contained within the Canghai Pearl, Li Fan slashed out a sword.

The blue sword radiance was unstoppable.

Cutting across the lake's surface.

The lakewaters were split open by the sword qi, exposing the muddy lakebed.

The eight-hundred-kilometer-long Mingyue Lake was divided into two with one sword.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 146: Blue Feather Scatters Treasures


The sword's momentum was like a rainbow, splitting open the Mingyue Lake, and it continued to fly towards the distance.

Even when it disappeared from sight, its momentum only weakened by half.

The ripples lingered, and the lake water took a long time to calm down.

Not far away, Su Xiaomei and her group watched as Li Fan, with just a casual sword strike, collectively fell into a stunned state.

After a long time, they finally woke up from their petrified state.

Su Xiaomei flew excitedly to Li Fan's side, shouting, "I want to learn this! Master, I want to learn this!"

Xiao Heng still had a shocked expression, staring at the large lake that was split into two in the distance, with a hint of longing in his eyes.

Su Changyu's expression became more determined.

Zhao Erbao lowered his head, trembling.

In his heart, he wailed, "Golden Core stage! This sword strike is definitely something only a Golden Core cultivator can achieve! Looking at how casually he did it, his cultivation might be even higher!"

"It's over, it's over. I can never escape from his clutches in my entire life!"

...

On the shore of Mingyue Lake, Li Fan paid no attention to Su Xiaomei, who was making a fuss on the side.

He was currently calming the turbulent spiritual energy in his body, barely maintaining his lofty demeanor.

With the cultivation of the Golden Core stage, forcibly controlling the Canghai Pearl to unleash this Cong Yun Sea Sword was still quite strenuous.

"After all, it's not my own power. I'm just imitating based on the residual memories of Zhang Haobo in the Canghai Pearl."

"This sword, while having a formidable appearance, lacks substance. It looks intimidating, but if it's truly used in battle, its power is actually mediocre."

"However, with these insights, I can study and comprehend it day and night, turning it into something of my own. Someday, I will be able to unleash my own Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords."

"The immediate priority is to build the foundation as soon as possible. I've already delayed it for too long waiting for the Canghai Pearl."

With a decision in mind, Li Fan said to Su Xiaomei and the others, "The four of you, go and thoroughly investigate the area around Mingyue Lake. See if there are any hidden dangers. Next, I will establish a cave here."

"Yes, Master!"

"Yes, Senior!"

Having just displayed his divine might, Li Fan's words were naturally heeded by everyone, and they responded obediently.

Soon, they dispersed to start their tasks.

Even the three mortals from the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion followed along.

"Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng both possess extraordinary fortune. Combined with the Yin sisters, who can detect treasures and avoid disasters, even if there are any hidden secrets around Mingyue Lake, they should be able to find them."

"But as the site for foundation building, the safety level is still insufficient. I need to make a trip to the Yuandao Heavenly City..."

Perhaps because the process of building the foundation required communication with the heavens and the earth, it was impossible to build the foundation in the Tianxuan Mirror space.

Therefore, a safe and secluded place was needed for seclusion.

Otherwise, if disturbed at a critical moment, the effort might be in vain, and building another foundation would be hopeless.

Just as Li Fan decided to go to the Yuandao Heavenly City and make some purchases...

He vaguely sensed a figure in the distance, rapidly flying towards him.

Behind, there were six cultivators following.

Judging by their auras, this group seemed to have Golden Core cultivation.

Li Fan narrowed his eyes, becoming highly vigilant.

At the forefront was a man dressed in blue, tattered and covered in bloodstains.

Seeing Li Fan, his speed increased, shouting, "Senior, save me!"

The group behind him yelled, "You up front, don't meddle in other people's business!"

Li Fan watched as the man in blue approached, but suddenly, his speed explosively increased, distancing himself from the situation.

What a joke! You, a Golden Core cultivator being chased, still want a small Qi Condensation cultivator like me to save you?

However, in an instant, Li Fan understood.

This man in blue must have been attracted by the Cong Yun Sea Sword that Li Fan had just unleashed, thinking that there was a powerful cultivator practicing here.

Unfortunately...

As soon as the man in blue saw that Li Fan immediately moved far away, showing a clear reluctance to get involved, a trace of surprise flashed across his face.

He gritted his teeth, glanced back at the approaching crowd, then turned and fled in the direction of Shilin Prefecture.

The group chasing him didn't even look at Li Fan, who was standing on the side.

Seeing this group about to disappear from sight, Li Fan's heart moved.

The Formless Killing Intent immediately locked onto the man in blue at the forefront.

Although the man in blue was seriously injured, his speed was not slow at all.

The six people chasing him, although threatening and shouting all along, were never able to close the distance with the man in blue.

Slowly, in the distance, a wall of white mist that traversed heaven and earth appeared in the field of vision.

"Is this the White Mist Barrier?" Li Fan saw this thing for the first time.

Watching from the Vision of Heaven and Earth, the White Mist Barrier filled the space between heaven and earth, extending endlessly without an end.

Compared to cultivators, it was as if they were as tiny as ants.

Seeing that the man in blue was about to rush into the White Mist Barrier, the group chasing him couldn't help but get anxious, shouting, "Huyan Lin, hand over the Blue Feather Legacy, and we'll spare your life!"

Huyan Lin sneered, didn't answer, and rushed into the White Mist Barrier without hesitation.

The scene went black, and the locked Formless Killing Intent instantly lost its effect.

"Blue Feather Legacy, huh..." Li Fan pondered.

Following their traces, Li Fan arrived at the White Mist Barrier and waited for three days in a row.

No one returned.

Li Fan could only shake his head regretfully and just kept the term "Blue Feather Legacy" firmly in his mind.

This incident was just a minor episode.

After sinking the Tai Yan Boat into the Mingyue Lake and using an array to conceal its traces, Li Fan gave some instructions to Su Xiaomei and the others before heading towards the Yuandao Heavenly City.

It took a full twenty-six days to arrive at the Yuandao Heavenly City.

Upon entering, Li Fan keenly sensed something unusual.

Inside the Yuandao Heavenly City, it was desolate, with almost no cultivators in sight.

When he occasionally encountered one or two, he noticed they had excited expressions and hurriedly flew away towards a certain direction.

Li Fan couldn't help but be curious. He stopped a person politely and asked, "Fellow Daoist, may I ask where the cultivators in Yuandao Heavenly City have gone? Why is the city so empty?"

The person glanced at Li Fan and said, "Fellow Daoist, are you new to our Yuandao Prefecture? Everyone has gone to watch the battle between the two outstanding talents of the Blue Feather Sect."

"This battle is intense. The two have been fighting for three days and three nights without determining the winner."

"I was just about to go and have a look. Why don't you come with me, friend?"

Li Fan thought for a moment and readily agreed.

On the way, as the two conversed, this Qi Condensation cultivator named Feng Shu introduced Li Fan to the origin of the duel between the two outstanding talents of the Blue Feather Sect.

Seven years ago, when the life limit of the Blue Feather Immortal Sage was approaching, he established an inheritance for the cultivation technique he practiced: the Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique.

The Blue Feather Sect considered martial prowess as supreme.

Only the undefeated one could obtain the Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 147: A Quirk of Fate


The so-called Blue Feather Sect does not refer to the descendants of the Blue Feather Immortal Sage.

Instead, it specifically refers to the vast and intricate forces that were dependent on the Blue Feather Immortal Sage.

The Blue Feather Immortal Sage had ruled over the Yuandao Prefecture for thousands of years, commanding an uncountable number of cultivators. They held various key positions in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance of Yuandao Prefecture.

Although the Blue Feather Immortal Sage has fallen, the Blue Feather Sect still stands tall and unshaken, maintaining absolute dominance that no one else can challenge.

However, internally, the Blue Feather Sect was in chaos.

The reason for this was that everyone wanted to be in charge.

In the past, with the Blue Feather Immortal Sage in power, everyone naturally deferred to him. But now, with the True Monarch's fall, each faction within the Blue Feather Sect refused to yield to the others.

In the struggle for leadership, they fought each other fiercely. There was even a Soul Transformation cultivator who perished as a result. Numerous cultivators at the Nascent Soul and Golden Core levels also lost their lives.

Other forces in the Yuandao Prefecture observed the internal strife within the Blue Feather Sect. Seeing the chaos and lack of leadership, they began to make secret alliances and took advantage of the situation to divide the territory of the Blue Feather Sect.

Especially coveted were lucrative positions like those in the Formation Hall and the Talisman Hall, many of which were snatched away by these external forces.

After suffering a loss, the Blue Feather Sect finally woke up and decided to sit down and talk.

After a round of discussions, they decided that whoever could obtain the "Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique" would be recognized as their leader.

Originally, everyone was at the Soul Transformation stage. It wasn't just about who was the strongest; they had to consider factors such as personal connections and control of resources.

Under the increasing pressure from external forces, the Blue Feather factions urgently needed to resolve their internal conflicts and choose a leader.

The legacy of the Blue Feather Immortal Sage became a point of consensus among them.

The "Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique" was already an extremely prestigious cultivation technique, and now it had become the symbol of leadership for the Blue Feather Sect.

The competition was intense, to say the least.

Seven years had passed, and there was still no final winner.

There were two outstanding talents, both with strengths comparable to each other, making it difficult to determine a victor.

One was named Dugu Xi, and the other was named Dugu Shi.

Both were Soul Transformation cultivators and were twin brothers adopted by the Blue Feather Immortal Sage over five hundred years ago.

With extraordinary talent, they both achieved the Soul Transformation stage within the five hundred years.

In this fierce competition for the "Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique," countless cultivators fought to obtain it, but in the end, the two brothers were left.

However, the "Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique" was a rare and precious cultivation technique, and even blood-related brothers could not easily concede.

Over the past few years, the two brothers had fought over a dozen times, yet they still hadn't determined a winner.

Competition at the Soul Transformation stage was already rare, not to mention between top-tier Soul Transformation experts like the Dugu brothers.

Every time they competed, it attracted numerous cultivators to watch.

...

After listening to Feng Shu's introduction, Li Fan nodded slowly.

"When I arrived, I saw two groups of people fighting for the Blue Feather Legacy from afar. I wonder, what is this Blue Feather Legacy?"

Feng Shu explained, "Before the Blue Feather Immortal Sage fell, in addition to establishing the inheritance of his cultivation technique, the 'Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique,' he also packed all his personal belongings into blue boxes. He scattered them throughout Yuandao Prefecture, leaving them for those with destiny."

"These blue boxes are called Blue Feather Legacies. Although they are remnants of an immortal, the items inside these small boxes are diverse—ranging from extremely powerful magical treasures to seemingly ordinary jade pendants."

"After all, these are just external possessions, not as precious as the 'Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique.' So, the attention they attract is far less than that of the 'Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique.'"

"Nevertheless, it still stirred up quite a bit of bloodshed," Feng Shu sighed.

As the two conversed, they arrived at the location where Dugu Xi and Dugu Shi were in combat.

It was a circular white jade structure suspended in the sky, known as the Tian Du Martial Arena. Legend had it that it was personally constructed by the Blue Feather Immortal Sage for his subordinates to spar.

When the two combatants entered, the white jade would become transparent, projecting the scenes inside the martial arena onto the sky, allowing external cultivators to witness everything.

The martial arena formed its own space, extremely sturdy, allowing Soul Transformation cultivators to unleash their full strength without worrying about causing destruction. After the battle, the white jade emitted a pure white light, swiftly healing the injuries of both sides. All its functions were designed for martial arts competitions.

At this moment, numerous cultivators had gathered around the Tian Du Martial Arena to watch.

They pointed and discussed while looking up at the sky. Above, the images of the Dugu brothers' battle occupied a large portion of the sky.

"The one in white clothes is Dugu Xi, and the one in black clothes is Dugu Shi," Feng Shu, aware that Li Fan was visiting for the first time, warmly introduced.

From afar, Li Fan could only see the figures of the two intertwined, creating a vague entanglement of black and white threads with each collision. Each collision formed a mysterious vortex that gradually calmed after a moment. However, as the Dugu brothers continued to clash, vortexes continuously appeared in the Tian Du Martial Arena, resembling an extremely dangerous whirlpool.

Compared to the previously straightforward battle scene between the Cong Yun Sea Soul Transformation cultivators, the Dugu brothers' fight seemed a bit more abstract.

Gradually, Li Fan discerned some subtleties. Dugu Xi excelled in using offense as defense and defense as offense, while Dugu Shi was sharp and highly aggressive. Their strengths were close, and they understood each other well. No wonder, after so many battles, there was still no clear winner.

...

In the sky, the fierce battle continued, captivating the spectators below.

However, as Li Fan observed the battle, he noticed that Feng Shu's expression had become somewhat peculiar.

Just as he was curious, a conversation slowly drifted into his ears.

"Siblings who share the same mother should be loving and caring, but now, for the sake of a cultivation technique, they fight each other. Sigh, even though they are Soul Transformation powerhouses, I can't admire them!"

"My brother, you're joking. That's the 'Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique.' Its value is beyond our comprehension as mere Foundation Establishment cultivators."

"What's so special about a Dao cultivation technique? There's only one in the world? We, blood brothers, can accommodate each other. Why can't they?"

"Hehe..."

"Brother, what's with that expression? Rest assured, if we discover a cultivation technique together one day, no matter how precious it is, I'll definitely give it to you first, without competing with you!"

The conversation was filled with righteousness, making people look at them with admiration.

Li Fan vaguely felt that the dialogue between these two people was somewhat familiar.

Curious, he looked in the direction of the voices.

When he saw the faces of the two, even with Li Fan's composure, he couldn't help but burst into laughter.

It turns out these two were old acquaintances of Li Fan.

It was none other than Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi! In this life, they met nearly twenty years earlier.

Li Fan couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

"It's really..."

"The quirks of fate."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 148: Purchasing the Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags


Li Fan's light laughter attracted Kou Hong's displeasure. Kou Hong flew over, stared at Li Fan with an unfriendly tone, and said, "Why are you laughing?"

Feng Shu's expression changed; this Foundation Establishment cultivator seemed not easy to deal with. It seemed like he was ready to take action with just a few words.

However, Li Fan remained fearless, sighed deeply, and said, "Fellow Daoist, you may not know. I pride myself on being well-versed, but I didn't anticipate that in the current cultivation world, there are still cultivators like you who are noble and not swayed by cultivation techniques."

"I feel ashamed, truly inferior!"

"May I know your name?"

Li Fan deliberately asked.

Kou Hong, upon hearing this, eased his expression slightly and proudly said, "I am Kou Hong."

Then, pointing to Dao Xuanzi on the side, he said, "This is my brother, Dao Xuanzi."

Dao Xuanzi didn't come over; instead, he watched Li Fan and Feng Shu from a distance, nodding slightly.

Li Fan composed himself and said, "Unexpectedly, it's Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi in person! I've long admired you."

Seeing Li Fan's reaction, Kou Hong felt somewhat puzzled. He then looked at Li Fan with suspicion and asked, "Have you heard of us brothers?"

Dao Xuanzi was also slightly stunned, carefully observing Li Fan. Unfortunately, the opponent had hidden his cultivation with a Concealing Form Talisman, making it impossible to see through him.

"Of course. Kou Hong possesses exquisite Dao techniques and is proficient in the art of refining. As for Dao Xuanzi, your swordsmanship is extraordinary, and the might of the Rust Sword Dao Xuan is unmatched. How could I not have heard of you?" Li Fan said earnestly.

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi blushed.

Dao Xuanzi quickly approached and said, "Fellow Daoist, keep your voice down. The two Soul Transformation cultivators are still battling above us. It's inappropriate to praise us like this."

Kou Hong's face immediately returned to normal, and he happily said, "I didn't expect our names to spread to Yuandao Prefecture. May I ask for your name?"

"I am Li Fan."

...

The two immediately engaged in conversation.

The more they talked, the more Kou Hong felt a connection with Li Fan. Their topics and temperaments were highly compatible as if they were natural brothers with endless shared topics.

Moreover, Li Fan's claim of being well-versed was not an empty boast. He effortlessly brought up various secret stories in the cultivation world, many of which were unheard of by Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi.

In formations, alchemy, talisman crafting, and pill refining, Li Fan had a breadth of knowledge. Especially in the field of formations, his expertise surpassed expectations. Although Kou Hong was skilled in refining, he only had a superficial understanding of formations compared to Li Fan.

With just a few concise words, Li Fan provided enlightening answers, resolving many doubts Kou Hong had in self-studying formations. This made Kou Hong greatly impressed and opened his eyes.

Unlike the conversation with Dao Xuanzi, when speaking with Kou Hong, Li Fan occasionally praised him inadvertently. This made Kou Hong feel elevated and uncontrollably pleased.

So, he found Li Fan more pleasing to the eye, feeling as if they had met too late, creating a strong sense of camaraderie.

Dao Xuanzi stood on the side, listening to the two converse without intervening, occasionally nodding in agreement.

Feng Shu, witnessing this scene, felt strange. However, this strange feeling was fleeting, well concealed, and unnoticed by Dao Xuanzi and Kou Hong.

In this way, the few of them chatted while watching the battle.

The Soul Transformation battle continued for two more days, and they chatted non-stop for another two days.

Two days later, the intense Soul Transformation battle above finally came to a temporary halt.

However, the outcome was still undecided.

Dugu Xi and Dugu Shi agreed to reconvene and battle again in one year.

Subsequently, they transformed into streams of light and successively flew away from the Tian Du Martial Arena.

As the grand battle concluded, the numerous onlookers among the cultivators gradually dispersed.

"I plan to return to the Yuandao Heavenly City. How about the two of you joining me?" Li Fan asked warmly at this moment.

Kou Hong also felt the conversation was unfinished and was about to agree when he saw a meaningful look from Dao Xuanzi. He couldn't help but express regret, saying, "We have some matters to attend to temporarily, so we won't be going back now."

"Next time we have a chance, let's have a good chat."

"No problem, I'll be sure to accompany you!" Li Fan readily agreed.

After exchanging Communication Talismans, Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi watched Li Fan leave from a distance, sighing, "Unexpectedly, in this Yuandao Prefecture, we could encounter such a kindred spirit."

"If we had met a couple of hundred years earlier, the three of us would have surely become sworn brothers," Dao Xuanzi added.

"Unfortunately, there are only two Blue Feather Legacies in that place. Otherwise, we could have invited him along," Kou Hong said with a hint of regret.

...

"Is it the Blue Feather Legacy again? I thought they had found the 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra'..."

"But after thinking about it, it's still early for them to discover this technique."

Li Fan, watching the scenes transmitted through his Vision of Heaven and Earth, felt a bit regretful.

Getting closer to Kou Hong was a precautionary measure for Li Fan, preparing for the future.

Li Fan hadn't forgotten that in about twenty years, these two would likely find the technique he was currently cultivating. In such a short time, Li Fan would probably not advance to the later stages of Foundation Establishment. He and Kou Hong conversed so harmoniously, and he felt the urge to become sworn brothers on the spot.

Therefore, to prevent the tragic scenario of brothers fighting each other, Li Fan had to find an opportunity to kill them before that happened.

Returning along the way, Feng Shu looked at Li Fan, wanting to say something but hesitated. In the end, he didn't say anything. After arriving at Yuandao Heavenly City, the two bid farewell and went their separate ways.

Li Fan went straight to the Tianxuan Mirror.

This time, his visit to the Yuandao Heavenly City was to purchase some defensive formations.

With Li Fan's current mastery of formation techniques, he could deceive Kou Hong with words, but if he wanted to set up a large formation capable of resisting external enemies, he fell short.

Currently, Li Fan has 14,600 contribution points.

To ensure absolute safety during Foundation Establishment and considering the need to guard the cultivation cave, as well as protect Dao resonance artifacts in the future, Li Fan decided to invest heavily and buy a formation capable of withstanding attacks from Golden Core cultivators.

Browsing through the options in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan soon found an item that caught his eye.

"Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags."

"A set of three hundred and sixty-five flags. They can form a miniature Ten Thousand Immortals Formation, covering an area of up to thirty miles. Even a Golden Core perfection cultivator can't break through."

"When all the flags are deployed, the covered area is considered under the protection of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"Any unprovoked attacker will be hunted down by the Martial Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"Note: not recommended for use outside the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"Suggested to be purchased together with the Tianxuan Minor Mirror for a 10% discount."

"Tianxuan Minor Mirror."

"A mirror image of the Tianxuan Mirror, available in multiple versions."

"The most basic version only provides information and allows searching and purchasing of items, as well as releasing and accepting tasks."

"The upgraded version comes with the Tianxuan Mirror Space, usable for cultivation and enlightenment."

"The Supreme version adds a defensive function, reflecting all attacks from Nascent Soul cultivators."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 149: Li Fan Initiates Foundation Establishment


"The Tianxuan Minor Mirror, this is indeed a good thing."

Li Fan's eyes lit up.

"It should be the Tianxuan Minor Mirror that He Zhenghao used to track the price trends of Spirit Mist Grass."

"The initial version isn't too expensive, only five thousand contribution points."

"But the prices going up from there are outrageous."

"The version with cultivation function is fifty thousand contribution points. The one with defense capability is two hundred thousand contribution points."

"I can only look at it."

"The Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags cost ten thousand contribution points."

"If both are bought together, it's thirteen thousand five hundred contribution points."

"Just enough."

"It's a bit expensive, but it's worth it."

After some hesitation, Li Fan decided to spend a huge sum to buy these two treasures.

Li Fan had seen the Tianxuan Minor Mirror and thus stored it in his storage ring without much inspection.

He carefully examined the Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags: one flag was about half a person's height, black and yellow, with the words "Ten Thousand Immortals" written on it.

This was the main flag.

By touching it, one could sense the existence of the remaining three hundred and sixty-four auxiliary flags.

In addition to deploying the entire set of flags, there were three variations: thirty-six, seventy-two, and one hundred and eight.

The fewer flags used, the less powerful the formation, but the speed of setting the formation was considerably faster. It was suitable for self-defense when traveling.

Having gained some insight into formation techniques, Li Fan naturally understood the power of this miniature Ten Thousand Immortals Formation.

Satisfied, he stored them away and immediately rushed back to Mingyue Lake.

In the twenty-plus days, Su Xiaomei and the others had thoroughly explored the surroundings of Mingyue Lake.

Indeed, it was just an ordinary large lake, and there were no spiritual creatures nearby.

Li Fan chose a small island near the center of the lake and, using it as the center, arranged the three hundred and sixty-four Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags one by one.

With the main flag in place, the miniature Ten Thousand Immortals Formation took shape.

"I will be in seclusion here, so I've set up a formation. Remember not to intrude; otherwise, you will undoubtedly die."

"During my seclusion, you can choose suitable islands around to settle. If you're not satisfied, you can build your own island."

"When I come out of seclusion, I will expand the range of the formation to thirty miles. You can settle on islands within this range."

...

After some instructions, Li Fan activated the Ten Thousand Immortals Formation, cutting off the line of sight inside and outside the formation.

Instead of immediately entering seclusion on the island, he submerged himself in the water and reached the lake bottom.

He found a giant rock on the lake bottom and hollowed it out.

Then, he used the Concealing Art the "Sun Stealing Technique" to conceal it.

Only then did he enter the stone chamber and start his seclusion.

The stone chamber was simple and empty, but Li Fan didn't mind.

Cross-legged, he floated in mid-air.

His consciousness was immersed in the Canghai Pearl.

Nineteen years after entering the cultivation world, Li Fan finally began Foundation Establishment.

"Steal Heavenly Treasures to establish the foundation of the Dao."

"The process of Foundation Establishment requires Heavenly Treasures. However, the word 'steal' is also crucial."

"Deception, not complete reliance."

"Heavenly Treasures, while gathering the laws of heaven and earth, still retain a bit of consciousness."

"For a cultivator to establish the foundation, they must transform the gathered laws from heaven and earth into their own Foundation Treasure while maintaining their own will and consciousness."

The Roots of Heaven and Earth, under Li Fan's control, attached to Canghai Pearl in his dantian.

In an instant, countless scenes appeared in his mind.

Those were the experiences of Cong Yunhai.

Accompanying them were extreme emotions like anger, unwillingness, resentment, and more.

Cong Yunhai's memories were too vast, like waves surging endlessly, never stopping.

If Li Fan accepted them rashly, with his current spiritual strength, he would be washed away by this massive influx of information and become an idiot.

So, what Li Fan did was stick to his original intention and ignore them.

Like a coastal reef, allowing the wind to blow and the waves to beat, he stood firm without moving.

And those negative emotions turned into nutrients for the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra.

No impact on Li Fan whatsoever.

The Cong Yun Sea roared in anger, but Li Fan remained unmoved.

A faint blue light was slowly drawn out from Canghai Pearl by the Roots of Heaven and Earth.

A vast sea illusion gradually appeared in Li Fan's dantian.

...

Mingyue Lake.

Su Xiaomei and others were diligently establishing their own caves.

Suddenly, they felt something and looked around.

The sky was clear, but ripples appeared on the calm Mingyue Lake.

The lake water surged, and the waves grew higher.

The eight hundred miles of Mingyue Lake, at this moment, was boiling.

Giant waves lashed out, wreaking havoc in the lake.

The caves they had painstakingly carved out were instantly submerged.

Helpless, they could only fly into the air to avoid it.

"Is Master comprehending some kind of magical technique again? Just entering closed-door cultivation has caused such a large ruckus!"

Su Xiaomei blinked her big eyes, very curious.

The others couldn't answer, just watching the vast lake below in shock.

...

Lake bottom.

As the sea illusion gradually solidified with the continuous extraction of power from Canghai Pearl by the Roots of Heaven and Earth, Li Fan's vision slowly ascended from himself to mid-air.

It quickly spread to the surroundings, soon enveloping the entire Mingyue Lake.

This feeling was very familiar to Li Fan, exactly the same as when he merged into the Canghai Pearl back then.

However, why did it happen like this?

Li Fan was a bit puzzled.

The power of Canghai Pearl was continuously drawn out by the Roots of Heaven and Earth.

It was changing from real to illusory.

His own Foundation Treasure was about to take shape.

Everything was going smoothly and perfectly.

Why did he suddenly turn into Mingyue Lake?

Li Fan concentrated his mind and carefully pondered.

After a long time, he finally realized.

It was somewhat amusing.

It turned out that this abnormal scene was caused by the mischievousness of Canghai Pearl.

The Canghai Pearl, seeing that it was about to be transformed into the Foundation Treasure of a cultivator, vaguely sensed the existence of Mingyue Lake—a much weaker existence.

The vast Cong Yun Sea couldn't escape calamity, so why should this tiny Mingyue Lake live well?

So, Canghai Pearl, controlling its last bit of power, tried to pull down the Mingyue Lake.

This, of course, was futile.

A cultivator couldn't use two Heavenly Treasures simultaneously as their Foundation Treasure.

However, this action by Canghai Pearl brought unexpected benefits to Li Fan.

...

The waters of Mingyue Lake churned and surged, with huge waves towering.

This strange phenomenon lasted for a full eighteen days.

Su Xiaomei and the others had withdrawn to the lake shore, temporarily staying there, but they didn't leave.

One day, the turbulent lake water, which had been rushing violently, suddenly calmed down without any warning.

The people looked at each other and focused their attention on the small island where Li Fan was building his foundation.

Covered by the formation, shrouded in mysterious light, they couldn't see the situation inside.

After a short while, a figure soared into the sky from within, suspended in mid-air.

With fluttering sleeves and extraordinary demeanor, it was Li Fan, who had been in seclusion for a long time.

He extended his left hand, gazing down at Mingyue Lake, slowly clenching it.

It seemed like nothing happened.

"What is Master doing?" Su Xiaomei, with her hands propping up her chin, looked ahead, somewhat puzzled.

The others shook their heads, silent and unresponsive.

They just knew that Li Fan wouldn't do anything meaningless, so they stared at the lake, afraid of missing any details.

After a moment, they understood why Li Fan had acted the way he did.

In Li Fan's hand, as if in an instant, an infinite attractive force emerged.

The water of the eight hundred miles of Mingyue Lake formed dragon-like streams, continuously flying towards Li Fan's hand.

Countless white water dragons, as if paying homage to their master, soared from all parts of Mingyue Lake towards the sky.

Flying towards Li Fan in the air.

On Mingyue Lake, a person stood alone.

Three million water dragons danced, raising countless water mists.

Sunlight poured down, and a seven-colored rainbow appeared.

Su Xiaomei and the others were all dumbfounded, watching this magnificent and colorful scene.

They forgot to think.

As for the lake water dragons flying towards Li Fan's palm, they compressed and converged, forming a small water droplet.

The lake water continued to decrease, but the size of the water droplet remained constant.

Only its color gradually changed from white to deep blue.

Water dragons soared for half a day, and Mingyue Lake completely dried up.

Countless fish, shrimp, and crabs in the lake were lying on the lake bottom, suffocating to death.

Li Fan looked at the water droplet in his hand, somewhat similar to Canghai Pearl, with a gleam in his eyes.

"Place of Dao attainment..."

Although the Canghai Pearl didn't turn Mingyue Lake into a Foundation Treasure like itself, this action, under the coverage of the laws contained in Canghai Pearl, gradually assimilated the entire Mingyue Lake without anyone noticing.

And now, with Li Fan achieving Foundation Treasure through Canghai Pearl, he could manipulate the entire Mingyue Lake like a puppet.

In the ancient cultivation world, there were cultivators whose unintentional manifestation of the breath of the laws during enlightenment affected the surrounding environment.

These influenced places often carried the strong personal imprint of the enlightened cultivator.

It could even create a supernatural power out of thin air.

These places were called places of Dao attainment.

The situation of Mingyue Lake and Li Fan was similar.

But in fact, it was even more extreme.

In reality, Li Fan, with the help of Canghai Pearl, had turned Mingyue Lake into something like his treasure.

Inside this Mingyue Lake, the lake was him, and he was Mingyue Lake.

With full force, the might was second to none among Golden Core cultivators!

"Go!"

Li Fan crushed the water droplet in his hand.

Countless water droplets burst and scattered.

Then, they transformed back into flying water dragons, roaring as they returned to Mingyue Lake.

Mingyue Lake, having dried up quickly, became replenished.

After a while, it returned to its original appearance of vast and misty beauty.

With a wave of his hand, he transformed the eight hundred kilometers of water area.

However, Li Fan felt no joy in his heart.

It was similar to the previous situation with the Canghai Pearl; it was just an external force.

In the end, it wasn't his own power.

While contemplating, Li Fan opened the long-unseen ​​ interface.

Name: Li Fan

Cultivation Realm: Foundation Establishment Early Stage

Physiological Age: 49/365↑

Psychological Age: 569/3560↑↑

Virtualization Charging Progress: 200％

Anchor Charging Progress: 20％

Current Anchor Points: 1

Current Available Anchor Points: 1

Bound Items: "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra," Tai Yan Boat, Stone Tablet of Prohibition (Damaged)

Cultivation Techniques: Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art, Sun Stealing Technique, Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra, Spirit Intent Illusion Technique, Stalking Shadow Technique

Supernatural Abilities: Life and Death Chain, Formless Killing Intent, Insect Binding Technique

...

Physiological age had finally surpassed three hundred, and the upper limit of psychological age had reached over three thousand five hundred, still increasing.

Li Fan felt that his spiritual strength had increased several times compared to before.

The total amount of spiritual energy in his body was beyond comparison with the past.

Li Fan began to contemplate the next path of cultivation.

After Canghai Pearl transformed into the Foundation Treasure, it could no longer be easily manipulated like before.

It was as if it turned into a treasure, sealed within his body.

Continuous improvement of his cultivation was required to unlock this treasure.

The higher the unlocking degree, the higher the efficiency of its use.

Eventually, the power of the Canghai Pearl would be fully restored.

The entire process of Foundation Establishment cultivation was to transform the power of the Heavenly Treasure into one's own power.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 150: Recovering the Mountain Meditation Technique


Li Fan didn't choose to immediately leave seclusion. Instead, he returned to the stone chamber at the bottom of the lake and began his first cultivation after reaching the Foundation Establishment stage.

He practiced the Foundation Establishment section of the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra."

However, after a short while, he furrowed his brow and stopped.

During the cultivation process, he faintly felt a slight stagnation in the circulation of spiritual energy. It was an extremely subtle feeling that would go unnoticed if not paid attention to, but it still existed.

After some contemplation, Li Fan stopped and turned to practice the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique."

Since Zhang Haobo's death, no one has practiced this technique.

As soon as he started, Li Fan clearly felt the difference compared to cultivating the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra."

Even with Li Fan's aptitude, the cultivation process went extremely smoothly. As if there was a bonus to comprehension, spiritual energy effortlessly circulated through his body along the meridians of the technique, breaking through to the middle Qi Condensation stage in no time.

...

"Oh right, you're now in the late stage of Qi Condensation. When choosing a Foundation Establishment technique, if possible, remember to choose one that is compatible with the Heavenly Treasure you used for foundation building. This way, not only will your future cultivation be more efficient, but there will be other benefits as well."

He Zhenghao's words from the past suddenly appeared in Li Fan's mind, making him contemplative.

"So, it's about compatibility. I see."

With a thought, a blue water sword instantly took shape in his dantian. With a casual wave, the water sword flew out and easily pierced a small hole in a giant rock.

"The power of the technique has also been enhanced to a certain extent."

Li Fan retracted the Sea Fixing Sword, pondering silently.

"For ordinary cultivators, if they have both Nascent Soul and Golden Core techniques at hand, even if the Golden Core technique is faster to cultivate, they would definitely choose to cultivate the Nascent Soul technique."

"But I'm different. [Truth] can carry my cultivation realm to the next life. Therefore, what suits me best is a technique that quickly advances the current realm."

"In the past, there was no choice; there was only the 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra' to cultivate. Now that I have more options, I don't have to cling to it."

Li Fan examined the list of techniques on his [Truth] panel.

He hadn't paid much attention when he had fewer techniques to cultivate.

Now, with six techniques cultivated simultaneously, he noticed some clues in their order.

Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art, Sun Stealing Technique, Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra, Spirit Intent Illusion Technique, Stalking Shadow Technique.

It seemed to be arranged in order of the value of the techniques.

"So, the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra is ranked above the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art?"

The Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art was passed down by Qin Tang and belonged to a completely different system than the current techniques. Regardless of the cultivation realm, as long as the previous layer of cultivation was complete, meeting the advancement conditions would allow cultivation of the next layer.

The seven layers of the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art corresponded to Mortal, Qi Condensation, Foundation Establishment, Golden Core, Nascent Soul, Soul Transformation, and Dao Integration respectively.

Its value was evident.

Even so, in the eyes of [Truth], the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra's grade seemed to surpass that of the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art.

The implications involved in this realization made Li Fan fall into deep thought.

However, he couldn't figure out how he originally comprehended the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra. It seemed that he wouldn't find any logical explanation.

Currently, the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra operated as instinctively as breathing, continuously circulating in his body. However, the progress of cultivation had become extremely slow.

Twenty-eight years had passed in this world, yet there were still no apparent changes. However, Li Fan wasn't in a hurry. After all, he had plenty of time.

His thoughts turned to the choice of the next technique to cultivate. Li Fan couldn't help but recall the "Mountain Meditation Technique" that He Zhenghao had practiced in his previous life.

From the descriptions in He Zhenghao's writing, this technique could infinitely magnify the advantages of foresight brought by [Truth].

However, the actual effectiveness of "meditating and waiting for success" needed specific experimentation.

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan took out a pile of indistinguishable remains from his storage ring. These were the remains of various cultivators he had obtained from Tian Yang Cave.

Since his clone had died, it was time to forge a new one.

A gleam flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

"The first thing to do is to find the part that belongs to Fellow Daoist He."

After some thought, Li Fan came up with a plan. He set up a rudimentary "Celestial Star Formation" and poured the remains into it.

Suddenly, these remains became like stars in the sky, floating and rotating around the center.

Li Fan then increased the frequency of the formation's output.

The rotation of the remains became faster and faster.

Soon, these remains formed distinct trajectories, clearly separated.

Li Fan carefully distinguished He Zhenghao's aura.

It was still mixed with some other remains.

Patiently, Li Fan repeated the above steps.

After half a day, he finally separated He Zhenghao's remains.

Superior Bones, Heavenly Spirit Milk, Shattered Bone Essence, Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand...

Li Fan took out the prepared materials one by one.

The refinement began.

"According to the instructions in the 'Sun Stealing Technique,' when robbing the identity of the deceased cultivator, certain memories from their life will also be stolen."

"Generally speaking, the more valuable something was to the cultivator in their lifetime, the less likely it is to appear."

"So, luck plays a significant role in determining what can be robbed."

"He Zhenghao had planned to change his technique before he died, indicating that he didn't value this 'Mountain Meditation Technique' too much."

"I have a good chance of successfully reproducing it."

While thinking, Li Fan began to condense the clone.

Bones, organs, skin, hair...

Slowly taking shape.

In the end, he still created the appearance in the same manner as the previous clone.

Satisfied, Li Fan nodded and pointed at the clone's head.

"Sever!"

Unlike before, after connecting consciousness with the clone this time, Li Fan's mind suddenly displayed many images.

Like a collection of long-preserved paintings, some were just a bit outdated, while others were riddled with holes, tattered and torn.

But they all flashed by.

Li Fan concentrated all his attention, carefully distinguishing the parts with the existence of the "Mountain Meditation Technique."

The number of images appearing gradually decreased, and they began to shake violently.

Li Fan remained unfazed.

He wouldn't settle for anything other than the "Mountain Meditation Technique."

Finally, his luck erupted.

In the instant before all the images were about to disappear, Li Fan saw it.

A young He Zhenghao, holding a jade slip with a joyful expression after exploring the cave mansion.

A glint flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

"It's you!"

His thoughts, like a wild beast waiting for prey for a long time, fiercely swallowed this tattered, damaged image.

Countless pieces of information flowed into Li Fan's mind like running water.

Li Fan slowly digested it.

After a long time, Li Fan opened his eyes, revealing a look of astonishment.

"So, this 'Mountain Meditation Technique' was not a cultivation technique created by a human!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 151: First Investment


Li Fan didn't have the intention to complain.

However, the "Mountain Meditation Technique" was indeed not initially created by human cultivators.

The exact origin was untraceable.

However, according to the records in the technique, the original version of the "Mountain Meditation Technique" required practitioners to rely on "meditating on a mountain" to advance their realm.

By selecting a peak and increasing its height, corresponding feedback in cultivation would be obtained.

This process was extremely lengthy.

In ancient times, mountains and rivers were not as easily changeable as they are now. A mountain peak would often take several thousand years to grow slightly taller.

If the "Mountain Meditation Technique" was not a joke, it seemed more suitable for use by trees and rocks on the mountain rather than people.

As far as Li Fan knew, in the current cultivation world, there were no stories of plant spirits or demonic beasts.

Even the slightly more powerful beasts could only control a trace of extraordinary power through their bloodlines but were absolutely incapable of cultivation.

"Could it be that, in the beginning, there were plant spirits and demonic beasts in this world? Perhaps something happened later, and all the demonic beasts disappeared," Li Fan speculated.

However, regardless of the truth, it had little to do with Li Fan's cultivation of the "Mountain Meditation Technique." He just had some whimsical thoughts, and delving deeper would be pointless.

The initial version of the "Mountain Meditation Technique" was fundamentally impossible for cultivators to practice.

However, with the arrival of the Great Calamity, the mountains and rivers began shifting more and more frequently, and the "Mountain Meditation Technique" became barely usable.

Later, a talented individual from a thousand years ago inadvertently obtained the "Mountain Meditation Technique." According to the profound meaning of "meditating and waiting for success," modifications were made to the technique.

Self-cultivation could also increase the progress of the technique, and the scope of "meditating and waiting for success" expanded from mountains to people.

This officially made the "Mountain Meditation Technique" a cherished and extraordinary cultivation method.

Unfortunately, this peerless genius only recorded this matter in the preface of the technique and did not leave behind their name.

Similar to the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique," the "Mountain Meditation Technique" was also a Golden Core stage technique. In this lifetime, it was undoubtedly sufficient for Li Fan to practice.

Following the technique's script, the "Mountain Meditation Technique" was quickly mastered by Li Fan in just a moment. However, the sense of stagnation during cultivation reappeared.

Obviously, the "Mountain Meditation Technique" was not compatible with Li Fan's foundational treasure, the Canghai Pearl.

After hesitating for a moment, Li Fan activated the "Tai Shang Primordial Scripture."

He diverted all the power of the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" and started cultivating the "Mountain Meditation Technique."

With the assistance of the refined cultivation in the Foundation Establishment stage, Li Fan quickly advanced the "Mountain Meditation Technique" to the Foundation Establishment stage.

"Next, I'll see how effective this 'meditating and waiting for success' truly is."

"If the effect is mediocre, I might as well go and cultivate the 'Sea Fixing Sword Technique.'"

Having made up his mind, Li Fan took out the jade slip of the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra."

"As they say, there is no greater favor than passing on knowledge, especially in a world where different cultivation methods cannot be practiced together. The favor of passing on knowledge is similar to the favor of creation."

"He Zhenghao had taken care of me before, presumably because of the benefits of 'meditating and waiting for success.'"

"Unfortunately, his vision was too limited, and they were all small favors. Even if it could provide feedback in cultivation, it probably wasn't much."

"Investment, investment. Naturally, the larger the investment, the greater the return."

"Let's play big this time and see how this 'Mountain Meditation Technique' really is."

At this point, Li Fan took out the Tianxuan Minor Mirror and checked the market for Golden Core stage cultivation techniques.

Within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the prices of Qi Condensation stage cultivation techniques generally ranged from 1000 to 3000 contribution points.

Foundation Establishment stage techniques, on the other hand, typically fell within the range of 5000 to 10000 contribution points.

However, starting from Golden Core stage techniques, the prices experienced a significant leap.

Even the lowest-tier Golden Core stage techniques required a minimum of 30,000 points, and the more exquisite Golden Core cultivation methods could go up to 40,000 to 50,000 points.

Genuine Nascent Soul techniques started at 50,000 points, and even reaching 100,000 contribution points was not considered excessive.

Li Fan even saw a technique named "Yin and Yang Dual Cultivation Samsara" with an astonishing price tag of 150,000 points. He wondered what mysteries it held.

"Kou Hong, Dao Xuanzi, in this world, I'll make sure that you brothers won't end up fighting each other."

Li Fan smiled faintly and chose to sell his Nascent Soul technique, the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra."

The faint light of the Tianxuan Minor Mirror scanned through it. After a while, it provided a price of 90,000 contribution points.

Considering that there would be a discount for the Tianxuan Mirror's purchase, it indicated that the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" was indeed valuable.

Without hesitation, Li Fan directly chose to accept.

A golden contract flew out of the Tianxuan Minor Mirror, landing in front of Li Fan.

Li Fan carefully read through it.

The contract outlined various precautions for the trade of cultivation techniques.

Once the transaction was complete, the technique would belong to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Any future use of the technique would have no relation to the original owner.

The trade was irreversible, and the original owner's memories regarding the technique would automatically disappear after the transaction.

It was crucial not to keep copies of the technique for trade with others, or else you would pay the consequences.

…

Li Fan had no objections.

Using spiritual power as a pen, Li Fan signed his name on the golden contract.

Subsequently, the contract turned into countless golden particles, with a portion vanishing into Li Fan's body. Another part, carrying the jade slip, returned to the Tianxuan Minor Mirror.

With the transaction completed, Li Fan's memories of the specific content of the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" also disappeared.

There was no sense of loss or regret. After all, it was a bound item, and there was no fear of losing it.

"It seems that I can make a big profit in every future life with this."

With 90,000 contribution points in hand, Li Fan's experiment on the effectiveness of "meditating and waiting for success" began.

"For the control group of the experiment, let's choose Xiao Heng."

The first investment target for the Mountain Meditation Technique would naturally be Su Xiaomei, a person born with an immortal physique and heavenly fortune.

The clone put on clothes, concealed its cultivation with a Concealing Form Talisman, and stood aside.

Then, using a Communication Talisman, he called the two of them to come.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 152: First Trial of the Mountain Meditation Technique


"Don't worry about the amount of contribution points. Just choose the Heavenly Treasures and techniques that you like."

Although Li Fan planned to budget carefully, looking at the hesitant faces of Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng, he still instructed them.

They breathed a sigh of relief, and after half a day, they finally selected the items they needed from the vast list of options in the Tianxuan Mirror.

Su Xiaomei chose the Foundation Establishment Heavenly Treasure, 'Fiery Flame Feather,' a high-quality Human Treasure worth 6,000 contribution points.

As for the cultivation technique, she chose an upper-level alternative to the 'Heart Flame Technique' called the 'Heart Flame Fury Technique,' also valued at 6,000 contribution points.

Xiao Heng's choice for the Foundation Establishment Heavenly Treasure was the 'Cloud Carving Monument,' a high-quality Human Treasure worth 5,500 contribution points.

His chosen cultivation technique was the 'Spring Wind and Rain Decree,' valued at 5,500 contribution points.

After making their selections, they obediently gathered around Li Fan, watching him with bated breath as he settled the bill.

In total, it amounted to 23,000 contribution points.

Even with Li Fan possessing a substantial sum of over 90,000 contribution points, he couldn't help but raise an eyebrow.

It's no wonder He Zhenhao's scale was so small; he simply couldn't afford it.

Investing in a Foundation Establishment cultivator requires at least 10,000 contribution points.

Li Fan remembered that the rewards for guarding the islands in the Congyun Sea ranged from a few hundred to over two thousand contribution points per year.

Even with some additional income, accumulating over 10,000 contribution points would take at least two to three years.

After so much hard work and effort over such a long period, giving these away to others...

Who could bear to do that?

"Indeed, this 'Mountain Meditation Technique' is not something ordinary people can cultivate." Li Fan sighed and bought the four items.

In the blink of an eye, the 90,000 contribution points were reduced to 67,000, plus the previous 1,100 left over from before.

Li Fan currently had only 68,100 contribution points left.

"You two will cultivate here, and I will protect you," Li Fan instructed as he handed over the items to the two.

Overjoyed, the two immediately agreed.

With complete trust in Li Fan, Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng began their closed-door cultivation in the room.

Li Fan, once again taking advantage of the opportunity, immersed himself in understanding the process of Foundation Establishment.

Although Foundation Establishment was already completed in this lifetime, Li Fan's ultimate goal was not just to achieve the foundation with the Heavenly Treasure Canghai Pearl.

Therefore, comprehension of Foundation Establishment was beneficial for Li Fan.

The talents of the two were truly remarkable.

Just one day later, the phantom of a phoenix took shape in Su Xiaomei's dantian, indicating her successful advancement to the Foundation Establishment stage.

At the same time, Li Fan felt a surge of pure cultivation in his body.

It didn't disappear completely after the first occurrence but continued to increase, like a babbling stream in the mountains.

However, the rate of increase became very small, almost negligible.

Su Xiaomei was excited after the breakthrough but maintained composure, seeing that Xiao Heng was still in the process of building the foundation.

She obediently stood by Li Fan, waiting for Xiao Heng to complete his Foundation Establishment.

After another half day passed, a blue cloud took shape, marking Xiao Heng's formal entry into the Foundation Establishment stage.

However, the feedback of cultivation from the 'Mountain Meditation Technique' at this time was only one-fifth of Su Xiaomei's.

As for subsequent cultivation increases, it was essentially equal to nothing.

After the breakthrough, Xiao Heng showed a joyful expression.

But soon, he calmed down, bowed to Li Fan, and paid his respects again.

Li Fan nodded calmly and then took the two to meet Su Changyu and the others.

Su Changyu and the Yin sisters were genuinely happy to see the two break through to the Foundation Establishment stage, offering heartfelt congratulations.

Zhao Erbao, on the other hand, widened his eyes, his gaze shifting back and forth between the two and Li Fan, filled with disbelief.

After a lively celebration, Li Fan instructed, "The place where we currently reside is too simple. Next, you all should work together to build a real cultivation cave on Mingyue Lake. This will be used for everyone's cultivation in the future."

"I will give Xiao Heng 5,000 contribution points, and you can purchase the necessary materials at the Tianxuan Mirror."

"I have some business to attend to, and I hope that when I return, I will see the completed cave mansion."

"At the bottom of the lake, in a stone chamber, there is a friend of mine. If there's anything you can't solve, you can consult him."

Everyone energetically accepted the orders.

After transferring 5,000 contribution points to Xiao Heng, Li Fan spent another twenty days returning to Yuandao Heavenly City.

Entering the Tianxuan Mirror, he spent 10,000 contribution points to activate the auxiliary cultivation mode.

He immersed himself in the cultivation of the 'Mountain Meditation Technique.'

Time passed swiftly, and a hundred days flew by.

In the blink of an eye, the 29th year arrived.

Li Fan woke up from seclusion, checking the increase in his cultivation.

The results surprised Li Fan.

Because the increase in cultivation over these hundred days was only twice that of Su Xiaomei's breakthrough feedback.

"No, it shouldn't be twice. Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng's strength must have increased during these hundred days. So, the increase in my cultivation is not only from my own practice but also a small part from the feedback of 'Mountain Meditation Technique.'"

"It can be foreseen that with the continuous improvement of Su Xiaomei's realm, the feedback of cultivation will continue until they reach the perfection Foundation Establishment stage."

"A preliminary conclusion can be drawn. With the same contribution points, the total increase in cultivation through feedback far exceeds what I gain from my own cultivation. However, this process is lengthy. Investing in individuals with average talent often takes nearly a hundred years to enjoy complete returns."

"Investing in extraordinary talents significantly shortens this process."

"In either case, the 'Mountain Meditation Technique' technique is profitable."

"In this case, with sufficient contribution points, the fastest way to cultivate is to practice in the Tianxuan Mirror, pass on techniques, and use 'meditate and wait for success.'"

"Unfortunately, the consumption of contribution points for this kind of cultivation is too high. Even with 200,000 contribution points, it won't last long. It's not a long-term plan."

"To maximize the benefits of contribution points, all contribution points should be invested into extraordinary talents, relying on the feedback from 'meditate and wait for success' to increase cultivation and advance realms."

"Unfortunately, extraordinary talents are rare. In my two lifetimes, I've only encountered two or three such individuals."

"The cultivation speed is certainly not as fast as all of them using the Tianxuan Mirror to assist in cultivation."

Li Fan paused in his thoughts and then considered Xiao Heng's situation.

"Paid transmission of techniques also brings cultivation feedback. And if I can ensure the safe recovery of contribution points, wouldn't it be a risk-free profit?"

"If I can charge a little more..."

"I'm sure there are many cultivators stuck at bottlenecks, desperately needing a breakthrough, willing to pay a trivial cost to obtain techniques or Heavenly Treasures in advance."

"I can capture those who try to escape with Formless Killing Intent. Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng serve as my two great guardians, and if someone fails to return on time, there's no need for me to personally intervene."

"If we encounter a true genius, I can provide the technique for free..."

"Good! Excellent!"

Li Fan became more and more excited as he thought about it, blurting out, "The 'Mountain Meditation Technique' is indeed an excellent technique!"

"Such a profound skill, yet you, Fellow Daoist He, want to switch techniques. What a waste!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 153: Mingyue Palace


The idea is beautiful, but before formal implementation, there are many urgent issues to be addressed.

For example, is there already a similar organization in the current Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?

Will doing this touch upon others' interests and then subsequently lead to him being casually killed by powerful cultivators?

After some investigation, Li Fan was relieved.

Currently, there is no large-scale, organized lending behavior in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

One reason is that obtaining contribution points is difficult.

It's already challenging to maintain one's own cultivation, let alone having extra contribution points to lend to others.

Another important reason is that lending is easy, but getting it back is difficult.

The cultivation world is vast, and cultivators have numerous ways to hide their whereabouts.

They can easily hide in some remote mountain, enter closed-door cultivation for ten or even fifty years, and simply not return.

What can be done?

Perhaps there are powerful cultivators who can precisely locate, but they are likely focused on their own cultivation and disdainful of such distracting and unrewarding activities.

However, Li Fan is willing even if they are not.

On the way back to Mingyue Lake, Li Fan began planning for the future in his mind.

Over twenty days later, Li Fan returned to Mingyue Lake.

In about forty days, the underwater cultivation cave had been almost completed.

However, it was just some splendid buildings on the surface, with no defensive measures other than the Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags.

For the sake of future appearances and security, Li Fan spent another twenty thousand contribution points to purchase a complete Spirit Illusory Wave Formation from the Tianxuan Mirror.

Unlike the Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags, this formation cannot be moved once deployed.

It is suitable for construction near water and has effects such as concealment, protection, and defense.

Fully activated, it is said to withstand attacks from mid Nascent Soul stage cultivators.

Li Fan personally arranged it.

After the Spirit Illusory Wave Formation was successfully activated, looking at the pale blue protective cover above the underwater cave, Li Fan felt much more at ease.

With the formal completion of the cave, celebration was inevitable.

Everybody gathered at the entrance of the cave, looking at this building that had taken dozens of days of effort, their faces filled with inexplicable excitement.

Li Fan looked around and felt that something was missing.

So, he purchased a jade plaque and two jade pillars from the Tianxuan Mirror.

After placing them properly, the Sea Fixing Sword flew out from his dantian, and Li Fan skillfully wrote four large words on the left jade pillar: [Learn Mercy and Compassion].

On the right jade pillar, he wrote another four large words: [Prevent Suffering, Avert Disasters].

Finally, on the middle jade plaque, he wrote two final words: [Mingyue Palace].

Li Fan put away the blue water sword, looked at his masterpiece, and nodded in satisfaction.

As for Su Xiaomei and the others, looking at Li Fan's inscriptions, they were all moved and lost in thought.

Su Xiaomei's eyes were full of stars, while Xiao Heng and Su Changyu were also impressed by the magnificence of these words, unable to control themselves.

"Learn Mercy and Compassion, Prevent Suffering, Avert Disasters..." As the one who had been in the cultivation world the longest among them, Zhao Erbao understood the weight of these eight words better than anyone else.

So he became even more uncertain about Li Fan's cultivation level, and a hint of suspicion arose in his heart.

Li Fan led everyone into Mingyue Palace, and they began to tour this newly built cave.

Mingyue Palace covered an area of five square miles.

The main buildings were arranged in a half-cross pattern.

In the center was the Mingyue Hall, which was planned to be used for meetings and receptions.

On both sides were the residences of everyone.

The series of buildings behind Mingyue Hall were used for placing the Tianxuan Mirror, storing Dao resonance artifacts, and Li Fan's closed-door cultivation.

Currently, Mingyue Palace was still an empty shell, with no interior decoration, furniture, or anything else.

But in forty days, achieving this much already satisfied Li Fan.

Apart from the five thousand contribution points, the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion sisters as well as Sun Zhang had put in a lot of effort.

Especially Sun Zhang, who had carefully designed the layout of Mingyue Palace.

Instructing everyone to complete the decoration of Mingyue Palace as soon as possible, Li Fan went to the closed-door cultivation retreat.

Ever since Mingyue Palace was completed, his clone had been staying here.

He wasn't idling away, but instead trying to decipher the seal formation on the small black box given to Li Fan by Zhang Zhiliang.

Perhaps because this clone had stolen some of He Zhenghao's innate talent in formation, it was progressing much faster than Zhang Zhiliang had expected.

Li Fan estimated that in another half a year or so, the seal could be lifted.

He was quite excited about what might be inside.

In the next period of time, everyone in Mingyue Palace remained very busy.

While making the vast Mingyue Palace more and more substantial, more than ten thousand Dao resonance artifacts were safely transferred.

At the same time, Li Fan quietly came to Yuandao Heavenly City alone and began to spread information.

Slowly, many Qi Condensation cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance learned that there was an eight-hundred-kilometer Mingyue Lake on the border of the Yuandao Prefecture.

In Mingyue Lake, there was a Mingyue Palace.

With just a negligible cost, Qi Condensation cultivators could borrow Foundation Establishment techniques and treasures in Mingyue Palace to advance their foundation cultivation ahead of time.

After building the foundation, they could slowly repay the corresponding contribution points.

It's worth noting that the speed at which Foundation Establishment cultivators earn contribution points is much faster than that of Qi Condensation cultivators.

The interest of thirty-six percent per year is negligible compared to the benefits of building the foundation several years earlier.

This sounded too good to be true, so it obviously seemed like a scam.

Therefore, most Qi Condensation cultivators just laughed it off.

But as the news spread, there were always one or two cultivators who kept this matter in mind.

...

Three months later.

Mingyue Palace.

In the underground treasury behind Mingyue Hall.

Tens of thousands of Dao resonance artifacts were neatly arranged.

Li Fan was around these artifacts, setting up formations.

Due to the insufficient quantity of collected Dao resonance artifacts, a complete Dao resonance could not be reproduced at the moment.

So, Li Fan thought of a formation called the Insight Amplification Formation.

The sole purpose of this formation is to amplify spiritual energy fluctuations and the rhythm of laws to a certain extent.

Although there will be a certain degree of distortion based on the skill of the formation arranger, it is already sufficient for Li Fan to comprehend the Sea Covering Palm.

As Li Fan focused on arranging the formation, he faintly heard a voice coming from above Mingyue Lake.

"Junior Chu Xingyang requests an audience with the seniors of Mingyue Palace!"

"Junior Chu Xingyang requests an audience with the seniors of Mingyue Palace!"

Repeated several times, echoing continuously.

Li Fan smiled slightly.

After so long, finally, the first customer has come to the door.

However, he doesn't need to appear personally.

He had already made the arrangements and was quietly waiting for Chu Xingyang to show up.

...

Above Mingyue Lake, after Chu Xingyang shouted several times, he felt extremely anxious.

The sudden appearance of Mingyue Palace was mysterious as if it had suddenly emerged.

The cultivators in the Yuandao Prefecture knew very little about it.

Anyone confident enough to loan Foundation Establishment techniques and Heavenly Treasures without worrying about recovery issues must be from a powerful force.

Chu Xingyang, just a small Qi Condensation cultivator, naturally felt extremely nervous shouting loudly at the door of such a powerful force.

Moreover, he still didn't know if the rumor of borrowing techniques and treasures from Mingyue Palace was authentic.

But Chu Xingyang had no other choice.

He had to give it a try.

If he continued with the previous method of doing tasks and accumulating contribution points, it would take at least two or three years to successfully build the foundation.

Too long! It's too late!

Thinking of the scene where his childhood sweetheart was entangled with another man, Chu Xingyang's heart was filled with endless anger.

Why? Just because the other person is a Foundation Establishment cultivator, while he is just a small Qi Condensation cultivator.

Three months later, the two will get married.

He must successfully build the foundation before that.

Then, at the wedding, snatch her back!

Chu Xingyang thought with resentment.

Just as he was immersed in the beautiful fantasy of flying together with his childhood sweetheart, he suddenly noticed a figure silently appearing behind him.

After that, he found himself being lifted up without any resistance.

"Senior, spare my life! Senior, spare my life!"

Chu Xingyang hurriedly shouted.

"Don't make a fuss! You're quite old, yet your courage is so small!"

A clear, childish voice filled with innocence.

Chu Xingyang took a closer look and found that the one who restrained him was actually a girl who looked seven or eight years old, dressed in fiery red clothes!

What shocked Chu Xingyang even more was that this little girl was already at the Foundation Establishment stage!

Foundation Establishment at the age of seven or eight!

Such a young age and already at the Foundation Establishment stage. What about the others in Mingyue Palace? What level of cultivation could the owner of Mingyue Palace have?

No wonder they dare to lend out Foundation Establishment techniques and treasures without fear of recovery!

Chu Xingyang felt dizzy, and a deep sense of fear surged in his heart.

But then, he became extremely eager.

It seems that the rumor of Mingyue Palace lending techniques is not a scam!

With mixed emotions, Chu Xingyang was carried into the lake.

Passing through the blue barrier, he arrived in front of the gate of Mingyue Palace.

Chu Xingyang was shocked once again.

Learn Mercy and Compassion!

Prevent Suffering, Avert Disasters!

What courage and broad-mindedness it takes to write these eight characters at the entrance!

The more Chu Xingyang looked, the more he felt that these eight characters were extremely profound as if they contained the mysteries of the universe.

He became increasingly awed by the mysterious owner of Mingyue Palace.

Following the little girl...

No, following the senior at the Foundation Establishment stage.

Chu Xingyang bypassed the central hall and arrived at a small attic on the right.

In the attic, there were two identical-looking women sitting in front.

Graceful figures, skin as white as snow.

Their beauty far surpassed Chu Xingyang's childhood sweetheart!

Chu Xingyang couldn't help but be stunned, staring blankly.

Finally, after being slapped on the shoulder by the little junior next to him, he came to his senses.

In a panic, he quickly knelt down to apologize.

"I cannot even see the cultivation level of these two fairies. They must be Golden Core stage cultivators. How could I be captivated by beauty?"

"If I provoke their displeasure, they might...”

Thinking of this, Chu Xingyang couldn't help but shiver.

Fortunately, the two sisters did not blame him.

Instead, they asked for his name and the reason he came to Mingyue Palace.

Chu Xingyang naturally confessed everything truthfully.

After understanding the whole story, the two sisters disappeared, leaving Chu Xingyang alone with the little junior glaring at him.

Chu Xingyang was sweating on his forehead and dared not act rashly, patiently waiting in place.

...

"Sister, look at this person. After borrowing techniques and treasures, he wants to go and snatch a bride. Is this the high-risk customer that the senior mentioned? Shouldn't we refuse his request and not lend him these things?" Yin Yuzhen asked with her head tilted.

"You're wrong, little sister. Think about it. He chose to cause trouble on someone else's big day."

"Even if the bride-snatching fails, at most, he'll get a beating. They won't kill him while the marriage is ongoing."

"Besides, this person is twenty-eight years old and already at the Qi Condensation stage. He can be considered a high-quality customer, as mentioned by the senior."

"He is also the first customer to come to our Mingyue Palace..."

"Well, this business can be done."

Yin Yueting concluded.

"This is the Heavenly Treasure he wants and the cultivation technique. You go and get it from the senior."

Yin Yuzhen nodded, took the note written by her sister, and ran all the way to Li Fan's closed-door cultivation.

"I already know about this matter. Take the items and go."

Without saying a word, a storage ring flew over.

Yin Yuzhen saluted towards the inside and then hurriedly returned.

"Little sister, predict, will lending these things bring good or bad results?"

Yin Yueting asked.

Yin Yuzhen held the storage ring, closed her eyes, and sensed.

Her eyelashes trembled slightly. After a moment, Yin Yuzhen's face showed a joyful expression. "Sister, it's a little auspicious! We can lend it!"

Yin Yueting also breathed a sigh of relief, then took the storage ring and walked out of the room covered by the formation, arriving in front of Chu Xingyang.

"Medium-grade Human Treasure: [Indignant Fall]. Foundation Establishment technique: Purple Radiance Starlight."

"The two things you want are in this storage ring."

"Total value: 9500 contribution points. How do you choose to repay?"

Chu Xingyang looked at the ring in Yin Yuzhen's hand, his eyes shining.

With all his hopes for the future on this ring, Chu Xingyang gritted his teeth and said, "I choose to repay once a month, clearing the debt within three years."

Yin Yuzhen nodded, and took out a contract.

"Come, sign it, and you can take this storage ring."

Excited, Chu Xingyang glanced over the contract and hastily wrote his name on it.

"Remember to transfer the contribution points to me at this time every month. Otherwise, I'll personally come to your door to collect. Understand?"

"Don't even think about escaping. Though the cultivation world is vast, if you owe a debt to our Mingyue Palace, there will be no place for you!"

Su Xiaomei on the side stared at Chu Xingyang with a fierce gaze.

Trembling, Chu Xingyang nodded quickly, indicating that he understood.

After obtaining the storage ring, Chu Xingyang was almost moved to tears.

When he left Mingyue Palace, he bowed to the two jade pillars at the door.

Then, with a determined expression, he flew away.

"Hehe, wasn't my performance good?" Su Xiaomei, seeing that the person was gone, rubbed her face and boasted.

"But, is what we did reliable? This is 9500 contribution points! Can we really get them back? What if this person suddenly dies or runs away halfway?" Su Xiaomei asked with some worry.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 154: Understanding the Sea Covering Palm


"The first deal, even if it means losing money, we must do it." Sensing Chu Xingyang cultivating in foundation-building, Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

Actually, Li Fan wasn't entirely sure about the feasibility of large-scale breakthrough loans in the cultivation world. However, he had enough room for trial and error and could boldly attempt it.

So, Li Fan was not worried at all.

To better expand Mingyue Palace's business, Li Fan personally designed two small props and had a batch made.

The first one was called the "Mingyue Talisman." When activated, the talisman could sense the location of the person borrowing techniques. It could even clearly perceive the target's every move, significantly reducing the difficulty of collection.

In fact, the "Mingyue Talisman" itself wasn't particularly mysterious. Its essence was just a perception-sharing talisman. What made it useful was Li Fan's divine ability, "Formless Killing Intent."

This was a technique he developed after observing the killing intent of heaven and earth for decades. It hadn't disappeared even after he converted the cultivation base of the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra."

After all, the cultivation technique was just a tool for him to observe the natural energies of the world. "Formless Killing Intent" was more of an instinctive application of his understanding of the killing intent of the world, becoming a part of Li Fan's natural abilities. Like the Insect Binding Technique, even without any cultivation, it could still be executed.

This was probably why [Truth] had a separate category for it.

The second item was called the "Deterrence Talisman." Considering the possibility of encountering cultivators intentionally avoiding debts, hiding in places like Yuandao Heavenly City where they couldn't be easily dealt with, Li Fan intentionally produced a batch of these talismans. Essentially, they were just ordinary self-destructing Communication Talismans. What truly created deterrence was a sentence written in the talisman.

"If you persistently refuse to repay and deliberately evade debt, Mingyue Palace will report your lost cultivation techniques to the Law Enforcement Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance!"

Because Li Fan had exchanged for the cultivation techniques, he could report to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance that the techniques had been lost. As for the recovery of the techniques, it would naturally be handled by the mysterious and chilling Law Enforcement Hall.

This was a move with mutual losses. After the cultivation techniques were recovered, ownership would return to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. The debtor would lose their life, and Mingyue Palace would lose some contribution points.

Li Fan believed that any rational cultivator would understand how to choose.

The reason for deliberately creating these two types of talismans was to create a sense of mystery. When a talisman flew out, a cultivator who was happily avoiding repaying debts in a safe area would suddenly change their expression. After some gritting of teeth, they would obediently work to repay their debts.

This dramatic scene, full of intrigue, would undoubtedly attract many cultivators to spontaneously investigate Mingyue Palace. It served both as publicity and to establish the mysterious image of Mingyue Palace in the hearts of cultivators.

In Li Fan's mind, there were two critical factors limiting the rapid development of Mingyue Palace's breakthrough lending business.

One was that Li Fan's own contribution points were too few. After helping Chu Xingyang breakthrough for compensation, he only had a pitiful 23,600 contribution points left. At best, he could only help two more Qi Condensation stage cultivators breakthrough, and recovering contribution points would take another two to three years.

Without enough contribution points for circulation, attempting large-scale development of Mingyue Palace's business was simply a joke. Small-scale activities contradicted Li Fan's initial intention.

"I hope Zhang Zhiliang's little black box can bring me some surprises," Li Fan thought as he sensed his clone still had over two months before breaking the seal of the formation.

The second limiting factor was that Li Fan had too few forces under him. Once the business expanded, there would inevitably be a shortage of manpower, affecting the efficiency of contribution point collections.

However, there was currently no good solution to this issue.

In Li Fan's vision, if he could cooperate with a major force in Yuandao Prefecture, allocating part of the profits to them, these two problems would be easily solved. Unfortunately, with Li Fan's current early-stage Foundation Establishment cultivation, he wouldn't engage in such risky ventures.

In the next period, besides Chu Xingyang, there was surprisingly only one Qi Condensation stage cultivator who came seeking help.

However, after a careful evaluation by the Yin sisters, they rejected this person. Claiming that the person lacked affinity with Mingyue Palace's Dao, Su Xiaomei was the one to send him away.

"It seems that we have to wait for Chu Xingyang's wedding and bride-snatching to make a name for himself," Li Fan thought quietly.

To ensure that Mingyue Palace's first customer could achieve a resounding victory, creating a greater impact, Li Fan decided that if necessary, he could secretly help Chu Xingyang.

As the grand plan of Mingyue Palace's breakthrough lending had yet to unfold, Li Fan visited the underground treasure trove, silently feeling the resonance of tens of thousands of Dao artifacts.

The "Insight Amplification Formation" was already set up.

Through the amplification of the formation, the strength of the Dao resonance of that Sea Covering Palm was now perceptible.

One day, two days...

After standing for seven days, a trace of embarrassment flashed across Li Fan's face.

"Well... with my talent, trying to comprehend a divine ability from this strand of Dao resonance is a bit forced."

"But fortunately, I'm not alone."

Without hesitation, Li Fan called in Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei.

"The Dao resonance artifacts you've been collecting for several years have finally formed a powerful resonance through my enhancement formation."

"This strand of Dao resonance holds tremendous opportunities."

"As for how much you can comprehend, it depends on your own destiny."

After thanking Li Fan, both Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei closed their eyes and immersed themselves in the comprehension of the Dao resonance.

Li Fan himself didn't give up and continued to observe and comprehend along with them.

Time passed bit by bit.

This time, the first to gain insights was Xiao Heng.

He suddenly opened his eyes, and a fleeting sense of vicissitudes flashed in them.

Li Fan still couldn't comprehend anything.

However, seeing Xiao Heng's expression, he knew he must have gained something.

Without directly asking, Li Fan gestured for him to patiently wait for Su Xiaomei to finish her comprehension.

After another day, Su Xiaomei also woke up from her enlightenment.

Li Fan led the two of them to the square in Mingyue Palace.

Activating the Spirit Illusory Wave Formation for protection, they could now spar freely without worrying about causing damage to the surroundings.

Li Fan then instructed, "Practice and verify each other's insights. Confirm your own comprehensions."

Both nodded, their eyes locking onto each other. Simultaneously, they said,

"Xiaomei, please enlighten me!"

"Xiao Heng, be careful!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 155: Infinite Formation


"Bang!"

"Bang!"

Explosions echoed continuously on the square.

Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng were engaged in a fierce battle using the newly comprehended palm techniques, making it difficult to distinguish between them for a while.

Under the observation of heavenly vision and earth hearing, Li Fan carefully pondered their palm techniques.

Combining it with the previous insights into the Dao resonance, he suddenly felt enlightened.

So, it can be understood this way!

Although Li Fan had an average aptitude, he could still understand the palm techniques used by Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng, who were both in the early Foundation Establishment stage.

If you can't solve the problem, can't you copy it?

First learn from their comprehension, master the palm techniques, and then gradually incorporate his own insights to finally create a palm technique that belonged entirely to himself.

During the observation, Li Fan also discovered the differences in their palm techniques.

Although both were inspired by the same strand of Dao resonance, Xiao Heng's palm technique carried a misty and elusive quality.

On the other hand, Su Xiaomei's palm technique contained an unparalleled domineering intent.

It seemed that with each strike, everything in heaven and earth would submit.

It wasn't a matter of superiority or inferiority.

It could only be said that the palm technique of the original Sea Covering Palm was too astonishing, having many facets.

The palm techniques of Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng contained both their own comprehension and the intent contained in the original Sea Covering Palm.

...

The battle between Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei continued for a whole day.

It finally ended under Li Fan's call to stop.

"Not bad. It seems you've gained quite a bit. However, remember not to be complacent."

"You both are far from comprehending this Dao resonance completely."

"Next, continue your cultivation, ponder the Dao resonance, and spar with each other."

Li Fan instructed, and both Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei nodded in agreement.

With the help of the two outstanding talents, Li Fan's understanding of the original Sea Covering Palm technique continued to grow.

Unfortunately, as time passed, Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei's palm techniques were nearing perfection.

However, Li Fan felt that something was missing in his own palm technique.

The palm he executed was still within the realm of stances and was far from reaching the level of divine abilities.

However, Li Fan wasn't impatient.

He patiently optimized and elevated his palm technique.

Two months later.

In the underground closed-door cultivation room.

As the little black box lit up with silver threads, the sealing formation finally broke.

Several items inside appeared in Li Fan's clone's field of view.

One of them seemed familiar to Li Fan.

It was an encrypted jade slip with golden corners.

However, the contents of this jade slip were not the "Mountain and River Vein Formation Diagrams" left by He Zhenghao.

Li Fan entered his divine sense into it to read the contents.

After a short while, Li Fan felt dizzy, and his divine sense retreated from the jade slip.

He pressed his temples, easing the tingling sensation in his divine sense.

But Li Fan's eyes showed an excited expression.

The contents recorded in this jade slip were the lifelong learnings of Zhang Zhiliang, the first in formations in the Cong Yun Sea.

"Infinite Formation."

The formation insights from both He Zhenghao and Zhang Zhiliang were now in Li Fan's hands.

It seemed that his clone wouldn't be idle for a long time.

With dedicated study, Li Fan's knowledge of formations was bound to have a bright future.

Li Fan was very much looking forward to the reaction of He Zhenghao when he sat down to discuss formations in the next life.

Having calmed his mood, Li Fan checked the remaining items.

A small white bag filled with silver fragrances.

It was the fragrance Li Fan often used during Zhang Zhiliang's arduous study, capable of eliminating mental fatigue.

A small black ball.

It was the testing ball used to assess one's proficiency in formations.

A golden foil paper. An ordinary jade slip.

Li Fan first read the jade slip.

It contained the last words of Zhang Zhiliang.

Zhang Zhiliang didn't mention the Ten Thousand Immortals Island group's plot against Crimson Flame.

Instead, he introduced Li Fan to his "Infinite Formation" and explained the purpose of the golden foil paper.

Zhang Zhiliang's "Infinite Formation" was his life's work.

The scene where hundreds of thousands of formation crowns bloomed that day, deciding the outcome of the Dao Integration competition while only at the Nascent Soul realm, left a deep impression on Li Fan.

However, according to Zhang Zhiliang's last words, the "Infinite Formation" he was currently cultivating was far from reaching completion.

Zhang Zhiliang had once said during a lecture that formations were standardized laws.

While standardization simplified the application of laws, it inevitably brought a fatal flaw.

All formations in the world could be broken.

Once a formation was set up, it became fixed after standardization.

Even for formations like the Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation, said to be unbreakable, someone proficient in formations could identify its weaknesses, spend enough time, and eventually crack it.

However, if a formation could constantly evolve, forever in a state of growth, and if its growth rate surpassed the rate of the world's strongest formation masters in deciphering it, then this formation would be one that could never be broken.

This was Zhang Zhiliang's lifelong wish.

The "Infinite Formation."

Unfortunately, although Zhang Zhiliang's formation skills were extraordinary, he was far from creating a true "Infinite Formation."

The critical factor was the lack of a core.

A central hub that could provide computational support for the infinite evolution of the formation.

Zhang Zhiliang tried various things to act as this core.

Heavenly Treasures, the consciousness of cultivators, ancient artifacts...

But all of them without exception ended in failure.

The requirements of the ​​"Infinite Formation" for the core's computational power were too terrifying, even beyond Zhang Zhiliang's cognitive limits.

In addition to the computational power requirement, the core must possess its own spiritual intelligence.

The evolution of the "Infinite Formation"​​ had countless directions.

If determining the evolution path was just a simple brute force deduction, the evolution speed would be greatly reduced.

But if the core has its own intelligence, constantly coordinating computational power, continuously adjusting the optimal evolutionary direction, and even making corresponding optimizations based on the attempts of formation masters to decipher it.

Only then can it be considered a true ​​"Infinite Formation."

Of course, Zhang Zhiliang doesn't have any expectations for whether Li Fan can achieve the ​​"Infinite Formation."

What he hopes for is simply that Li Fan can inherit his current mantle.

Then pass it down from generation to generation.

He hoped that one day, a true formation genius will be discovered, and could fulfill the grand dream of the ​​"Infinite Formation."

As for that golden foil paper, it's meant to inspire Li Fan in the study of formations.

Its name is ​​the Inheritance Token.

Essentially, it's an inheritance of a significant amount of contribution points.

Only under certain conditions reached after the death of a cultivator can it be claimed.

The ​​ left by Zhang Zhiliang astonishingly contains a total of four hundred thousand contribution points.

It can be claimed in ten installments.

The condition for receiving each time was to pass the test of formation knowledge of the testing ball.

A total of ten levels of tests.

If one truly inherits Zhang Zhiliang's ​​"Infinite Formation," then all four hundred thousand contribution points can be obtained.

And if one cannot even pass the first-level test, then they can only watch the mountain of treasure without gaining a single contribution point.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 156: A Poor Dog Has Nothing to Offer


"Four hundred thousand contribution points..."

"The accumulation of a lifetime of a Nascent Soul stage Formation Master is indeed quite exaggerated."

Li Fan stared fixedly at the golden Inheritance Token, his eyes widened.

Eagerly, he picked up the testing ball and began the formation test.

The first-tier test was very easy, involving only basic knowledge of formations.

Having immersed himself in formations for over a decade, Li Fan naturally passed the first-tier test without much effort.

Golden light floated from the Inheritance Token, converging onto Li Fan. The golden paper dimmed slightly, and when Li Fan checked with the Tianxuan Mirror, he indeed found that his contribution points had increased by forty thousand, totaling 63,600 points.

Excitement filled him as he started the second-tier test.

After a while, Li Fan withdrew his spiritual consciousness from the testing ball, wearing a displeased expression.

"After ten years of hard work, I'm just a little short of completing the second-tier test?"

"When will I be able to gain these four hundred thousand contribution points?"

The mountain of treasure was right in front of him, seemingly within reach but still unattainable due to the limitations of his formation skills.

It was like a small hand plucking at Li Fan's heartstrings, tempting him under enormous allure, making him wish to abandon everything and immerse himself in the study of formations.

"Zhang Zhiliang, what a cunning plan!"

"The effect of the contribution points as motivation is truly immediate. Even I can't resist it."

"The second-tier test has not yet involved the 'Infinite Formation,' and I can still rely on my clone to study formation knowledge. But later on, I'll need my main body to read and learn the 'Infinite Formation' from the encrypted jade slip."

"In this way, my cultivation is bound to be delayed."

"I hope that before this happens, the business of the Mingyue Palace can be launched. With the feedback from the 'Mountain Meditation Technique' technique, even if I don't practice at all, the progress of my realm won't be much slower."

"With over sixty thousand contribution points, I should be able to get by for a while. But it's still not enough!"

"I need to quickly withdraw all the contribution points from the Inheritance Token!"

A gleam of determination flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

Driven by immense motivation, Li Fan's main body and clone began to study formations together.

Whenever fatigue set in, he would light the silver incense, invigorating his spirit to continue studying.

With the double boost, Li Fan's formation skills steadily improved.

...

After more than a month passed in this manner, Chu Xingyang's wedding ceremony finally arrived.

Li Fan had to divert some of his attention to focus on the defining event of the Mingyue Palace's first customer.

The result, however, left Li Fan both laughing and crying.

At the wedding scene, Chu Xingyang descended from the sky, shamelessly declaring that the bride should follow him.

How could the groom endure this? His face twisted in anger, vowing to kill Chu Xingyang on the spot.

But Chu Xingyang's talent was indeed outstanding. In just three months, he not only advanced to the Foundation Establishment stage but also surpassed the groom, who had been in the Foundation Establishment for a long time.

After a long battle, without Li Fan's intervention, the groom already showed signs of defeat.

Chu Xingyang fought against the groom while effortlessly evading attacks, triumphantly shouting, "Ah Yue, can't you see? This Zhang guy is so unworthy. How can he marry you! Come with me! I will make you happy!"

The groom, infuriated, with a face turning purple, couldn't endure anymore. Every move resulted in injuries.

But Chu Xingyang became more and more complacent, almost playful in his demeanor.

Growing increasingly proud, he was about to speak when he heard a stern shout from the bride.

"Enough, Chu Xingyang! Have you caused enough trouble?"

Following that, a cold and clear light attacked him.

Chu Xingyang, frightened, barely avoided the bride's attack, continuously asking, "Ah Yue, what are you doing?"

The bride gritted her teeth, "Don't call me Ah Yue! I've told you more than once. I willingly became Dao companions with Zhang Qi out of mutual affection. There was no coercion, and it has nothing to do with the disparity in cultivation!"

"As my childhood friend, not only did you not congratulate me on my wedding, but you also came here to stir up trouble!"

"From now on, there is no friendship between us!"

After speaking, the bride joined forces with the groom, attacking Chu Xingyang.

Chu Xingyang was dealt a severe emotional blow by the bride's words, his face turning pale.

He just instinctively evaded of the combined attacks from the couple. While dodging, Chu Xingyang continued to ask why.

However, the bride showed no mercy, striking ruthlessly with every move.

In the end, a light pierced through Chu Xingyang's left shoulder.

Chu Xingyang's face revealed despair, his heart ashen.

Yet, the instinct to survive forced him to grit his teeth and flee with his injuries.

He escaped to a secluded cave, where Chu Xingyang began treating his wounds.

After his injuries slowly healed, Chu Xingyang's eyes were filled with renewed determination.

"It must be that my current strength is not enough."

"If Foundation Establishment is not enough, I'll aim for Golden Core. If Golden Core is insufficient, then Nascent Soul."

"As long as I become powerful enough, Ah Yue, you will change your mind one day."

Chu Xingyang looked into the distance, muttering to himself.

...

The farce finally came to an end.

Apart from the embarrassment of those involved, the topic of how the wedding crasher Chu Xingyang managed to complete Foundation Establishment in a short time became a widely discussed subject.

Gradually, the name of the Mingyue Palace also spread among Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment cultivators.

As it turned out, the Mingyue Palace's loans of Heavenly Treasures and Foundation Establishment techniques was not a scam but true!

With a live example before them, more cultivators seeking help gradually approached the Mingyue Palace.

Of course, the contribution points were still limited, so Li Fan instructed the Yin sisters to be selective.

An average of one slot could be released per month.

Others were dismissed under the pretext of insufficient affinity.

This cautious behavior of the Mingyue Palace actually deepened its credibility among cultivators.

If any cultivator could easily borrow treasures and techniques from the Mingyue Palace, they would worry about potential conspiracies.

Thus, the reputation of the Mingyue Palace continued to grow.

Many Qi Condensation stage cultivators from various regions in Yuandao Prefecture came from afar to seek assistance for early Foundation Establishment, as the success stories spread.

As for the 36% interest accumulated over the year, they selectively ignored it.

Foundation Establishment cultivators earned contribution points more than twice as fast as Qi Condensation cultivators.

Even if they chose to repay in three years, the total contribution points repaid would only be close to twice the original amount.

Worth it!

And so, on the 39th year, the grand venture of the Mingyue Palace's breakthrough loans finally began in an orderly fashion.

When the time reached the 40th year, Li Fan finally completed the second-tier test of the testing ball.

His contribution points increased by another forty thousand.

Every month, there were returns from those who had borrowed methods before.

The deficit of contribution points finally began to ease up slowly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 157: Meteor Descends on Cangwu


"On average, each cultivator borrows ten thousand contribution points."

"Now, our Mingyue Palace has already assisted seven cultivators with breakthrough."

"They mostly choose to repay in three years, and according to a 36% annual interest rate, they have to return over five hundred points each month."

"For seven cultivators, the total contribution points earned is over four thousand."

"Every three months, we can assist another cultivator."

"With the continuous expansion of our business, this speed will only get faster..."

In the Mingyue Palace, Yin Yuzhen estimated the profits of the breakthrough loaning business, her eyes sparkling with excitement.

"But we can't just calculate it this way. As the number of cultivators borrowing methods increases, we might encounter one or two who refuse to repay honestly. Each one can bring significant losses."

"Nevertheless, the speed at which our Mingyue Palace is expanding is remarkable."

Yin Yueting also exclaimed, "Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng are not easy to deal with. Didn't you see Su Xiaomei enthusiastically going out to collect debts every time, returning satisfied?"

"The Mingyue Talisman and the Deterrence Talisman are also incredibly useful. If we didn't have these two items, collecting debts would be much more challenging." Yin Yueting nodded.

"Indeed, the senior's actions are extraordinary. The eight characters he personally wrote, 'Learn Mercy and Compassion, Prevent Suffering, Avert Disasters' have now become deeply ingrained among Qi Condensation cultivators." Yin Yuzhen spoke excitedly, full of enthusiasm.

...

In the underground seclusion of the Mingyue Palace.

Li Fan, admired by the two sisters, was not currently displaying the demeanor of a senior.

He had just awakened from comprehending formation principles, checking the growth of his cultivation within, and a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on his face.

"On average, each Foundation Establishment breakthrough assisted provides feedback of about seven months of cultivation instantly. I haven't cultivated at all these days, yet I've gained forty-nine months of cultivation. It's like continuous cultivation for four years without stopping!"

"Moreover, as the cultivation of these borrowing cultivators continues to improve, I can still receive continuous feedback."

"Although it's just a small stream, with the increasing quantity, it's enough to form a vast ocean!"

"I can foresee that when the scale of the Mingyue Palace's breakthrough loaning business expands in the future, my cultivation speed will become even faster."

"Sitting back and enjoying the benefits, sitting back and enjoying the benefits!"

"Great!"

For a moment, Li Fan was overjoyed.

However, right after that, he furrowed his brows.

During the Qi Condensation stage, the limit of targets that the Formless Killing Intent could lock onto was five people.

When he tested it during the Foundation Establishment stage, the limit increased to fifteen people.

Although it tripled, it was still far from enough.

"I wonder if there's a way to increase it." The limit of the Formless Killing Intent should be related to the strength of the spiritual consciousness.

There should be a method to increase spiritual consciousness strength, but it would undoubtedly come at a high cost.

So, Li Fan began searching for it in the Tianxuan Mirror.

After eliminating methods that were clearly impossible to achieve now, he soon found the most suitable method for his current situation.

"Startling Spirit Formation, Heart Monkey Bones..."

Li Fan looked at the silver incense emitting a delicate fragrance, contemplating something.

"It turns out that this incense, which can eliminate mental fatigue, is made by grinding Heart Monkey Bones into powder and mixing them with other materials."

The so-called Heart Monkey does not refer to any rare beast but to a cultivator who has lost their sanity.

According to legend, in some regions, accidents would occasionally occur where a large number of cultivators would be inexplicably bewitched.

These bewitched cultivators often lost their consciousness and became killing machines.

After being killed by others, their bodies would turn into the appearance of a white ape.

This is what is referred to as the Heart Monkey.

The Heart Monkey's body is a treasure.

The most valuable part is its bones, which have the effect of enhancing and replenishing consumed spiritual consciousness.

As for the Startling Spirit Formation, it was a formation that, depending on the formation materials used, can exhibit different effects.

For example, if the formation materials used have the property of gathering spiritual energy, then the Startling Spirit Formation will amplify this property.

Therefore, arranging a formation using Heart Monkey Bones to enhance spiritual consciousness, forming the "Heart Monkey Bone Startling Spirit Formation," will have several times the effect of strengthening spiritual consciousness.

The Startling Spirit Formation is potent, but the drawback is that, as the formation materials are continuously consumed, the effectiveness of the formation will also weaken.

It requires constant replenishment of formation materials to maintain the normal operation of the formation.

"A rough calculation suggests that setting up a 'Heart Monkey Bone Startling Spirit Formation' will cost about twenty thousand contribution points. Moreover, continuous replenishment of Heart Monkey Bones is required..."

"I can only try the effect first..."

Li Fan, who could now be considered wealthy, bought a sufficient quantity of Heart Monkey Bones on the spot and began setting up the Startling Spirit Formation.

Although the Heart Monkey Bone Startling Spirit Formation is essentially an amplification formation, it can't be considered very complex.

However, it still took Li Fan nearly half a month to set it up.

"Indeed, there is still quite a gap between pure theory and practice. Although my current level of formation theory has already surpassed the threshold of beginners, my practical formation skills are still only at the apprentice level."

Li Fan sighed as he activated the Heart Monkey Bone Startling Spirit Formation.

Feeling the amplification effect of the formation, Li Fan noticed that his spiritual consciousness strength had increased by about five times.

"In other words, the limit of the Formless Killing Intent's locking capacity has probably increased to around seventy-five."

"Although it's a bit far from my expected goal, it's currently sufficient."

"After breaking through to the mid-Foundation Establishment stage, spiritual consciousness strength will increase again. If it's still not enough, I can continue to increase the scale of the Heart Monkey Bone Startling Spirit Formation. However, the benefits brought by doing so may not outweigh the costs..."

Temporarily resolving the hidden worries of the breakthrough loaning business, Li Fan continued to immerse himself in the study of formation techniques. Inside the Heart Monkey Bone Startling Spirit Formation, Li Fan was pleasantly surprised to find that, perhaps due to the enhanced spiritual consciousness, both his main self and the clone had experienced an increase in learning efficiency.

This was an unexpected joy.

As time passed slowly, in a blink, the 41st year arrived.

On this day, the focused Li Fan was awakened by the call of a Communication Talisman.

"What's this?"

He was momentarily stunned, then realized it was the Communication Talisman from Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi.

As the talisman activated, Kou Hong's voice followed.

"Li Fan, my friend, how have you been lately?"

"I've been in seclusion, practicing diligently, so I can't say it's been good or bad." Li Fan chuckled and replied.

"Hahaha, these years, Dao Xuanzi and I have..."

Kou Hong spoke halfway but seemed to be interrupted.

The topic shifted, "Ahem, let's talk about business. Li Fan, my friend, Dao Xuanzi and I are planning to go to Cangwu Prefecture in search of opportunities. Would you like to join us?"

"Cangwu Prefecture?" Li Fan had some recollection; it seemed to be in the extreme southwest of the continent, very far from Yuandao Province.

He wondered why these two were going there.

Li Fan immediately voiced his doubts.

Kou Hong's surprised voice came over, "What? Old friend, don't you know yet?"

"This matter has already been widely circulated."

"Do you remember, twenty-six years ago, that meteor that illuminated the sky?"

Li Fan squinted his eyes, instantly recalling.

When he gathered intelligence, he had heard about this incident.

It happened in year 15.

A meteor streaked across the night sky, and no one knew where it fell.

All the cultivators who saw this meteor simultaneously felt a sense of awe, sadness, and other complex emotions.

"Since that day, cultivators have been constantly trying to find the landing place of the meteor, but all in vain."

"Fortunately, everyone persisted, and after twenty-six years, they finally discovered its traces."

"Guess what? Do you know where this meteor fell? It fell into the Abyss of Cangwu!"

"That eerie place, deep and bottomless. No wonder no one found it for so many years."

"It is said that a great power calculated that this meteor is related to an enormous opportunity. So cultivators from all over the world want to venture into the Abyss of Cangwu, hoping to try their luck."

"What if they happen to encounter that meteor?"

"We, the two brothers, also think the same way. Dao Xuanzi and I have been fortunate recently, so we plan to go and try our luck."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 158: Development Amid Twists and Turns


"Fellow Daoist, are you willing to go with us?"

Looking at Kou Hong's inquiry, Li Fan decisively chose to refuse.

Their journey should not have any danger, but it was destined not to yield any harvest. Otherwise, they wouldn't have turned into enemies over a cultivation technique nine years later.

The flourishing business of the Mingyue Palace's breakthrough loaning operation was unfolding rapidly. How could Li Fan leave for the Abyss of Cangwu to search for some meteor at this time?

Seeing that Li Fan did not agree, Kou Hong felt quite regretful, but he still said confidently, "Rest assured, Fellow Daoist Li Fan. If there's any significant gain this time, I won't forget to leave you a share!"

Li Fan chuckled, expressing his understanding of the goodwill.

This matter was just a trivial episode. Soon, Li Fan cast it aside and reserved a fraction of his mental focus to monitor the Mingyue Palace's operations.

The majority of his energy was once again invested in the endless study of formations.

There was still the allure of 320,000 contribution points beckoning to Li Fan, leaving him no choice but to strive for them.

By the time the 42nd year reached its halfway point, with the complete recovery of the first batch of debts in the Mingyue Palace, it marked the entry of the breakthrough loaning operation into a new stage.

In three years, the Mingyue Palace's assets had more than doubled. The initial 100,000 contribution points had turned into over 200,000, lent out again to cultivators.

It became a constantly growing gold mine.

At this point, disregarding those who had already settled their debts, the number of cultivators owing debts to the Mingyue Palace had reached twenty-five.

Every month, nearly 30,000 contribution points were being reclaimed. The Mingyue Palace's reputation was growing, attracting cultivators from other provinces to come and try their luck.

Li Fan ordered the relaxation of restrictions, lending to anyone as long as they had enough contribution points.

Under the principle of money begetting money, the Mingyue Palace's business scale expanded rapidly, making it challenging for Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei to handle the increasing number of debtors each month.

Fortunately, during these years, Li Fan encountered two individuals with outstanding talents - one named Zhuge Yu and the other named Sima Cang.

Both of them completed the Foundation Establishment process in just a few years and were only slightly less talented than Xiao Heng.

So, Li Fan did not collect their contribution points, and instead generously gave them Heavenly Treasures and Foundation Establishment cultivation techniques for free.

After completing their Foundation Establishment cultivation, these two were grateful to Li Fan for his selfless and compassionate breakthrough loans. They voluntarily joined the Mingyue Palace, contributing their efforts to the breakthrough loaning operation.

After observing them for a while, Li Fan agreed to their requests. However, the core secrets of the Mingyue Palace were kept from them, and they were assigned to debt collection duties.

However, Li Fan did not mistreat them. Besides the fixed annual reward of 5,000 contribution points, they received a three percent commission for every debt they collected.

Though the percentage wasn't substantial, it motivated them greatly.

The addition of Zhuge Yu and Sima Cang eased the pressure on the debt collectors. But as the scale continued to grow, it would still not be enough.

So, Li Fan kept an eye out. Once he encountered talents suitable for the breakthrough loaning operation, he would immediately bring them under his command.

The conspicuous and ostentatious wealth accumulation of the Mingyue Palace naturally attracted the attention of others.

First came a cultivator in the later stage of the Golden Core realm, attempting to probe the truth of the Mingyue Palace.

At this time, Li Fan was still in seclusion, not showing himself. He transformed his body into the Mingyue Lake and executed a Cong Yun Sword.

The sword shadows were chilling.

This Golden Core realm cultivator, in front of many Foundation Establishment cultivators, was powerless, beheaded by a single sword.

The witnessing cultivators were shaken, and their awe of the mysterious Mingyue Palace deepened.

However, Li Fan had no trace of complacency in his heart. He knew that inevitably, the attention of higher-level cultivators would be drawn to them.

As expected, the day arrived sooner than anticipated.

"Weakness is the original sin."

Li Fan sighed in his heart but dared not delay for a moment. He began preparing to escape.

He spent a hefty sum to purchase a one-time random teleportation array in the Tianxuan Realm, placing it near the treasure vault.

Once activated, the teleportation array would self-destruct, and the explosion would destroy tens of thousands of Dao resonance artifacts along with the Mingyue Palace.

He also upgraded and modified the Spirit Illusory Wave Formation. The upgraded formation was capable of withstanding attacks from all Nascent Soul cultivators and could even resist a Soul Transformation cultivator for a short time.

During this period, Li Fan was confident that he could calmly leave through the teleportation array when the crisis approached.

As the crisis loomed, instead of retracting the breakthrough loaning operation, Li Fan, driven by the idea of making one last fortune, expanded the operation more aggressively.

The probes from higher-level cultivators came later than expected.

In the 43rd year, a mid-Nascent Soul stage cultivator arrived at the Mingyue Lake, seeking an audience with the owner of the Mingyue Palace.

Li Fan merely activated the Spirit Illusory Wave Formation, refusing to meet the guest.

This Nascent Soul True Monarch seemed to be a discerning person. After releasing a casual attack and testing the protective grand array, he refrained from seeking disgrace and left after a polite gesture.

After the Golden Core stage came the Nascent Soul stage. Would the next stage be Soul Transformation?

Li Fan, watching the departing figure of the Nascent Soul cultivator, wore a gloomy expression.

Even though this Nascent Soul cultivator didn't get to meet the true owner of the Mingyue Palace, his purpose had already been achieved.

There must be no cultivators of mid-Nascent Soul or higher within the Mingyue Palace; otherwise, they wouldn't have chosen to shut themselves in and refuse to meet.

Having their secrets exposed, the mysterious aura vanished, and the debt collection actions became increasingly difficult.

First, Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei were ambushed, almost losing their lives. Fortunately, the treasures given by Li Fan protected them, allowing them to escape.

However, Zhuge Yu and Sima Cang were not as fortunate. Sima Cang was captured, and his life or death remained uncertain. Zhuge Yu returned heavily injured and unconscious.

As the situation rapidly changed, with a pile of external debts about to become unrecoverable, Li Fan, facing a grim reality, directly activated the Formless Killing Intent, killing two or three malicious cultivators who refused to pay their debts.

This temporarily suppressed the evil tendencies towards not repaying debts.

"Starting a business on my own is really difficult," Li Fan sighed as he watched the dejected crowd in the Mingyue Palace.

"Hold on for just a little longer. Fortunately, I feel that breaking through to the mid-Foundation Establishment stage is not far away."

"If things don't work out, I'll change my name, move to a different province, and start over."

Under dire circumstances, the Mingyue Palace temporarily suspended the breakthrough loaning operation, focused on reclaiming contribution points, and prepared to evacuate at any time.

However, it seemed that fate was on Li Fan's side this time. A sudden major event occurred, causing the Yuandao Prefecture to descend once again into chaos.

The majority of Nascent Soul and Soul Transformation cultivators were affected, and they became embroiled in endless battles.

They had no time to spare for the Mingyue Palace.

The two geniuses of the Blue Feather Sect in the Yuandao Prefecture, Dugu Xi and Dugu Shi.

Both have gone missing.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 159: Crazy Expansion


Two True Monarchs in the Soul Transformation realm inexplicably disappeared.

It sounds like a fantasy.

But it happened so mysteriously.

Since the fall of the Blue Feather Immortal Sage, Dugu Xi and Dugu Shi would annually compete in the Tian Du Martial Arena for the ownership of the "Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique."

For many years, they had not determined a winner.

Each time, it attracted numerous cultivators to come and watch, becoming a spectacle in the Yuandao Prefecture. Many cultivators from other provinces also came, eager to witness the grand battle between the two Soul Transformation True Monarchs.

However, this year, on the agreed-upon day for their grand battle in the Tian Du Martial Arena, not a single figure was seen.

People waited for a long time, but Dugu Xi and Dugu Shi did not appear.

Initially, some thought there might be a change in the schedule, and the cultivators did not think much of it. It wasn't until a few days later that shocking news spread.

Relatives and subordinates of the two tried various methods but could not contact them. Even the Hall of Heavenly Secrets failed to find any trace of them through divination.

As if they had vanished into thin air, no one saw them alive or dead!

The most shaken was the Blue Feather Sect.

The disappearance of the two top powerhouses left the internal atmosphere of the Blue Feather Sect anxious, and paranoia took hold; everyone suspected everyone else were potential conspirators.

While other forces were initially shocked, they gradually regained their composure.

The Blue Feather Sect, once unassailable, had suffered internal strife for several years and now faced the inexplicable disappearance of two Soul Transformation True Monarchs.

How much strength did the Blue Feather Sect have left now?

Greedy thoughts sprouted in the hearts of many, giving rise to a covert alliance called the "Burning Feather Alliance."

Minor frictions emerged initially.

But then, sparked by the Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique, a large-scale battle erupted.

This profound technique, divided into five parts before the fall of the Blue Feather Immortal Sage, was stored in five encrypted jade slips. Four were entrusted to the most loyal subordinates, and the remaining one was safeguarded by the most mysterious and reclusive Law Enforcement Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Only when the five jade slips were combined could the complete "Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique" be reconstructed.

When the Dugu brothers went missing, inviting numerous wolves, the Blue Feather Sect's seemingly most loyal Soul Transformation True Monarch, Wei Xutuo, betrayed them. Under the guise of discussing strategies against their enemies, he tricked the other Soul Transformation True Monarch, Wutong Tian, into a trap set by the Burning Feather Alliance.

Wutong Tian, resentful and infuriated, fell into the ambush. Wei Xutuo obtained two portions of the "Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique," and the Burning Feather Alliance took advantage of the situation to conquer territories of the Blue Feather Sect.

Upon hearing the news, the Blue Feather Sect was first shocked and then infuriated.

A bloody counterattack began.

The turmoil expanded, sweeping across the entire Yuandao Prefecture.

Countless Golden Core, Nascent Soul, and even Soul Transformation cultivators were affected, and signs of constant deaths from the heavens were evident.

However, the most numerous Qi Condensation cultivators, due to their low strength, could not even serve as cannon fodder, so they weren't affected much.

Mingyue Palace.

"Who is behind this again..."

Observing recent events in the Yuandao Prefecture, Li Fan's eyes flickered.

The thick scent of conspiracy behind this was too obvious.

"People with insight can easily see the suspicious points."

"Unfortunately, at this moment, I am already deeply entangled in the chessboard, unable to act freely."

"Qi Condensation cultivators, with their low strength, don't even qualify to be pawns."

"However, even if I cannot detect the manipulations, I don't mind."

At this moment, Li Fan gathered the members of Mingyue Palace and issued orders for a great expansion.

Although Su Xiaomei and others were somewhat puzzled by this command, they resolutely carried it out.

At the end of the 43rd year, after stagnating for nearly half a year, the breakthrough loaning business of Mingyue Palace reopened with even more intensity than before.

Under Li Fan's guidance, Mingyue Palace retained only 30,000 contribution points for emergency use, lending out the rest.

News of the resumption of business by the Mingyue Palace spread instantly among Qi Condensation cultivators. After waiting patiently for half a year, they rushed to Mingyue Lake.

The number of people was beyond Li Fan's imagination.

However, Li Fan did not fill all the quotas at once but continued to select a Qi Condensation cultivator with affinity for Foundation Establishment every three days, whetting the appetite of the cultivators.

After nearly a month, the planned contribution points were fully lent out.

At this point, the external debts of the Mingyue Palace accumulated to nearly 220,000 contribution points.

With the 30,000 points in self-reserve, and the remaining 320,000 points from Zhang Zhiliang's legacy, the total amounted to 570,000 contribution points.

However, the chaotic fighting situation in the Yuandao Prefecture provided the Mingyue Palace with an excellent incubator for concealed development.

With unbridled growth, the terrifying speed of compound interest finally revealed itself.

At the end of the 44th year, the contribution points of the Mingyue Palace's external debts soared to 310,000.

By the end of the 45th year, it reached 450,000.

At the end of the 46th year, it reached 630,000.

...

By the mid-50th year, the external debt contribution points of the Mingyue Palace had reached the astronomical figure of 2.2 million.

In seven years, the Mingyue Palace had successfully helped almost five hundred Qi Condensation cultivators to build their foundations.

Every time a cultivator successfully built their foundation, the "Mountain Meditation Technique" would return almost six months' worth of cultivation.

This nearly 250-year cultivation return had long pushed Li Fan to the late Foundation Establishment stage.

Under the vigilant surveillance of the Formless Killing Intent, Li Fan also personally witnessed the foundation-building process over five hundred times.

At this time, his understanding of Foundation Establishment probably surpassed all other Foundation Establishment cultivators in this realm.

At this point, the prodigy Su Xiaomei had just broken through to the mid-Foundation Establishment stage, while Xiao Heng was still lingering in the early Foundation Establishment stage.

The horrifying cultivation speed made Li Fan feel like he was in a dream.

However, the huge amount of contribution points in hand made Li Fan feel like he was walking on thin ice.

Instead of experiencing the joy of rapid advancement, an inexplicable unease grew in his heart.

He ordered the Mingyue Palace members to stop the breakthrough loaning business immediately and quickly collect contribution points.

Li Fan took precautions in advance, reading methods to break through the Golden Core realm in the Tianxuan realm while keeping his guard up, ready to flee at any moment.

...

In an unknown space in the Yuandao Prefecture.

A black-robed cultivator had just awakened from seclusion.

He habitually formed a seal.

In front of him, a golden ginkgo tree suddenly appeared.

The black-robed cultivator, holding a whisk, gently waved it.

The ginkgo tree, seemingly frozen in time, suddenly began to change.

The trunk swayed, and five golden leaves fluttered down.

The black-robed cultivator showed a pleased expression, "How did five Soul Transformation cultivators die during my closed-door cultivation?"

The hand seal changed.

Besides the golden ginkgo, another identical tree appeared.

However, it emitted a soft silver light all over.

The whisk was waved once more.

Twenty-three silver leaves slowly descended.

The black-robed cultivator was even more delighted.

With a quick calculation, he already knew the reason.

"So, there was an internal conflict. What an unexpected joy."

"Strange, whose doing is this? Why can't I calculate it?"

"Hmph, never mind. The more that die, the better."

"Originally, I leveraged Blue Feather's death and executed the Blue Feather Legacy Strategy, significantly reducing the number of cultivators."

"Now, with this happening, it seems I will exceed the mission quota this time."

The black-robed cultivator was inexplicably joyous, muttering to himself.

"The Yuandao Prefecture has been peaceful for too long, and there are too many cultivators. It's about time for a thorough pruning. It was all because of that old Blue Feather's protection..."

"Hmph, now that you're dead, there's no way for you to show off."

A blue ginkgo appeared, and this time, even more leaves fell.

The black-robed cultivator was suddenly overjoyed, "This time, the instructions from the Immortal Ancestor are finally completed."

Then, he habitually summoned the last green ginkgo.

To the black-robed cultivator's astonishment, this green ginkgo grew rapidly in the wind.

In just a breath, it increased its size by a full circle.

Full of vitality, it swayed gracefully.

The black-robed cultivator stood up in shock, exclaiming, "How could this be?"

"The number of Foundation Establishment cultivators has tripled in ten years?"

Cold sweat dripped from his forehead, and the black-robed cultivator quickly calculated with his fingers.

"What a remarkable Mingyue Palace..."

After a long time, the black-robed cultivator gritted his teeth and said in a resentful tone, "There are also a bunch of imitators..."

"You will all die!"

Boom!

The gold, silver, blue, and green ginkgo trees in front of him instantly turned into flying ashes.

The black-robed cultivator, holding the whisk, took a step forward and disappeared instantly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 160: Mingyue Soars into the Sky


TL Note: term change from prefecture -> province.

*****

Mingyue Palace.

Li Fan, still unaware of the impending danger, chuckled as he read a message sent by Kou Hong.

"Li Fan, my friend, you have no idea how unlucky Dao Xuanzi and I have been in recent years!"

"Last time, we went through hardships to reach Cangwu Province. Just as we arrived, news spread that the meteor had already been found."

"We didn't even get to see what it looked like and had to return disappointed."

"This time, Dao Xuanzi and I ventured deep into the Hundred Stone Cave Heaven on the border of Shilin Province, almost risking our lives, to find a scroll of a cultivation technique."

"Believe it or not, it turned out to be a Nascent Soul technique!"

"I was ecstatic at first, but upon closer inspection, someone was already practicing this technique!"

"I checked and found out that it's already being sold in Tianxuan Mirror!"

"I almost vomited blood!"

"Dao Xuanzi and I didn't even dare to look at the contents of the technique, afraid that the Law Enforcement Hall would come after us!"

"I don't know if it's lucky or unlucky!"

...

"Hundred Stone Cave Heaven..." Li Fan mumbled to himself without replying to Kou Hong. He then opened the ​​ panel.

Name: Li Fan

Cultivation: Foundation Establishment Late Stage

Physiological Age: 71/399

Mental Age: 591/3669↑

Virtualization Charging Progress: 200%

Anchor Charging Progress: 2%

Current Anchor Points: 1

Current Available Anchor Points: 2

With the help of the Mountain Meditation Technique​​, Li Fan's cultivation speed was unimaginably fast. At the age of 71, he had already reached the Foundation Establishment Late Stage. In the midst of growing unease, Li Fan had been converting Mingyue Palace's contributions into usable assets.

Firstly, he exchanged for eight Human Treasures, unlocking the second anchor point of [Truth].

However, when trying to unlock the third anchor point, Li Fan found that the effects of Heavenly Treasures were negligible. A single Human Treasure could only increase the progress by 1%. Unfortunately, he couldn't exchange for Earthly Treasures due to insufficient permissions.

However, now there were enough contribution points, it would be possible to try the effectiveness of Earthly Treasures soon.

Permission levels in the Tianxuan Mirror could be increased by holding an official position or obtaining merits.

There were two ways to obtain merits.

The first was to recommend cultivators to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Recommending a Qi Condensation early stage cultivator was classified as intermediate merit.

Recommending a Qi Condensation late stage cultivator was classified as high merit.

However, how these merits were calculated into permission levels was not known.

Li Fan, who did not hold any permissions, searched but couldn't find the answer.

In addition to exchanging for Heavenly Treasures, Li Fan also exchanged for another item in large quantities.

Standing next to the Heart Monkey Bone Startling Spirit Formation​​, Li Fan smiled at the large amount of white mist floating around the array.

These white mists emitted a frightening aura, causing people to instinctively want to stay away.

A golden net woven from golden threads firmly sealed these white mists next to the Heart Monkey Bone Startling Spirit Formation.

"Devouring White Mist, combined with the Startling Spirit Formation, forms the Devouring Startling Spirit Formation."

"This array can greatly amplify the white mist's ability to devour lifespan, and even a cultivator of the Dao Integration realm should be delayed for a moment."

"Unless they are ruthless and risk the consequences of lifespan consumption to kill me."

"But with just 2 million contributions, there shouldn't be any enemies with such a deep-seated hatred."

However, Li Fan still felt a bit uneasy.

"Maybe I'll encounter one or two narrow-minded people who can't stand others making a fortune. No, I need to make more preparations."

"When a powerful expert takes action, they will surely block space. We won't be able to escape using the random teleportation."

"I need to find a way to deal with it."

...

While Li Fan was carefully considering comprehensive life-saving strategies, Yin Yueting and Yin Yuzhen, the two sisters, had completely different expressions.

"Sister, you said you've had a premonition of great fortune recently. Is it true? Why do I always feel a bit uneasy?" Yin Yueting asked with a puzzled expression. This was the first time she doubted her sister's intuition.

"Even Xiaomei and Xiao Heng feel the same worries as me." Yin Yueting said, frowning slightly.

Yin Yuzhen was not convinced and said seriously, "It's true, sister. Great fortune! Very great fortune!"

Yin Yuzhen exaggeratedly gestured with her hand and said, "From birth until now, I've never had such a strong premonition! Something really good is definitely going to happen!"

She declared with confidence.

Seeing her sister so sure, Yin Yueting finally let go of her worries.

She instinctively touched the silver-colored square necklace hanging on her chest.

"With this random teleportation necklace given by the senior, even if we encounter any disasters, we should be able to save our lives." Yin Yueting could only console herself in this way.

...

By the shore of the Mingyue Lake.

Mingyue Palace had stopped its breakthrough loaning business for some time, but there were still a small number of Qi Condensation stage cultivators gathered here.

They were anticipating the reopening of the business, hoping to gain an advantage.

On this day, cultivators were chatting and discussing the current situation in the Yuandao Province.

After nearly seven years of intense slaughter and the ongoing war between the Blue Feather Sect and Burning Feather Alliance, the conflict was finally about to settle down.

Both sides suffered heavy losses, almost reaching the point where they could not maintain their positions.

It was said that they had negotiated several times but failed to reach a mutually satisfactory agreement.

"What's that?" A cultivator gazing into the distance suddenly exclaimed.

Everyone looked in the direction he pointed.

In the sky, a thin silver thread appeared, descending from an unknown origin. In an instant, it reached the ground and swiftly extended around Mingyue Lake.

In just a few breaths, the silver thread circled around, like a shackle, tethering the entire eight-hundred-mile Mingyue Lake.

Seeing this bizarre scene, some alert cultivators sensed that something was wrong and immediately fled.

However, most people were still stunned, unsure of what to do.

After the silver threads surrounded the lake, they emitted a faint glow.

Then, as if lifted by an invisible force, the silver threads were pulled upward!

In an instant, the earth shook violently.

The lake water churned.

The cultivators, dumbfounded, witnessed the vast Mingyue Lake being lifted into the air.

It wasn't just the lake water; it included the soil and rocks beneath the lake, and even Mingyue Palace built at the bottom of the lake.

Everything was pulled up together, ascending higher and higher.

At this moment, it wasn't just Mingyue Lake.

Throughout the entire Yuandao Province, numerous cultivators saw a scene that would be unforgettable for the rest of their lives.

Dozens of thin silver threads hung from the sky, continuously pulling up large lakes, mountains, and cities from various places in Yuandao Province towards the sky.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 161: Escape from Death


In Mingyue Palace, the faces of the people witnessing the sudden change turned somewhat pale. In the instant they sensed something was wrong, following Li Fan's instructions, they prepared to activate the random teleportation necklaces on their bodies.

However, they were astonished to find that this vital lifeline had lost its effect at this moment.

As the entire Mingyue Lake, akin to a toy, was being pulled upward towards the sky, Su Xiaomei, Xiao Heng, and the others had extremely unpleasant expressions.

"This kind of power is that of a Dao Integration Immortal Sage!" Suddenly, fear and confusion filled their hearts.

But for what? Just to gain a few contribution points?

The small Mingyue Palace couldn't resist even Soul Transformation cultivators, let alone a Dao Integration Immortal Sage personally taking action.

However, despite their emotions, in front of a Dao Integration Immortal Sage, they could only be like ants, utterly powerless.

Helplessly, they watched as the entire Mingyue Palace rose higher and higher, and they themselves, like turtles in a jar, had nowhere to escape.

"Younger sister, is this the great fortune you mentioned?" Yin Yuetin's face turned ghastly pale, and she looked at her sister with disbelief.

Yin Yuezhen looked bewildered, at a loss for words.

Then, as if recalling something, she quickly said, "Don't worry, Senior will definitely make a move! It will surely turn bad luck into good..."

Before she could finish speaking, a loud noise came from outside the Mingyue Palace.

Everyone looked and saw a huge mushroom cloud rising, centered on the Mingyue Palace, expanding rapidly. In the blink of an eye, it covered the entire Mingyue Lake.

In the sky, the one who initiated the explosion, Li Fan, had a pained expression on his face.

Originally, the planned Devouring Startling Spirit Formation was only meant to cover the range of the Mingyue Palace, intending to delay the arrival of a powerful enemy.

But unexpectedly, the unknown Dao Integration expert didn't directly launch an attack. Instead, he wiped out the entire Mingyue Lake.

It seemed like he wanted to take them somewhere.

With no choice, Li Fan had to spend several times the original cost to expand the self-detonation's scope.

"It's fine. As long as we can escape this time, we still gained something."

Since he chose to take action, Li Fan no longer hesitated. Carefully taking out a black spike from his bosom, he aimed it at the silver thread in the sky and threw it forcefully.

At the moment of the explosion of the Devouring White Mist, the silver thread seemed to encounter a natural enemy and subconsciously contracted for a moment. However, immediately afterward, it ignored the white mist touching it and instead wound even tighter around the Mingyue Lake.

In the sky, faint thunder-like sounds could be heard.

"Devouring White Mist? Hmph, your Mingyue Palace is the head of all evils, disrupting my grand plan. Even if it costs me some lifespan, I must capture you."

"If I don't thoroughly deal with you, it will be difficult to dispel the hatred in my heart!"

Before the words fell, a black radiance was pierced into the silver thread.

"Dimension Cleaving Nail? Interesting."

The radiance of the silver thread dimmed. Then, another black spike shot into the sky.

"Go!" Li Fan's voice sounded timely.

Without needing Li Fan's reminder, Su Xiaomei and the others, who sensed that the random teleportation necklaces were once again usable, immediately activated the teleportation formation.

One after another, radiant flashes occurred, and the people from the Mingyue Palace disappeared consecutively.

Continuous explosion sounds echoed from below.

In an instant, the Mingyue Palace turned into ruins.

Above the ruins, a black shadow slowly appeared.

His face showed no signs of impatience; instead, it carried a playful expression, like a cat teasing a mouse.

"Escape? Where can you escape to?" The black-robed cultivator lightly waved his whisk, and in the air ahead, several thin threads suddenly appeared out of nowhere, extending in different directions from this point.

"Little Foundation Establishment late stage cultivator, you are truly ignorant of life and death. I'll capture you first."

The black-robed cultivator extended his right hand, pinching one of the silver threads between his fingers, and slowly exerted force.

At the point where the silver thread disappeared, the space suddenly shattered and became blurry.

Li Fan's silhouette slowly appeared.

At this moment, he was looking up, seemingly gazing at the sky. There was a shocked expression on his face as if even his thoughts were frozen at this moment.

His body, along with the surrounding scene, was gradually being pulled back to the black-robed cultivator.

Just as Li Fan was about to be completely captured, the movements of the black-robed cultivator suddenly stagnated.

The mockery on his face vanished without a trace, replaced by a gradually serious expression as he stared at the ground below.

Just now, the large amount of detonated Devouring White Mist did not return to the White Mist Barrier that separated the various provinces as it should have.

Instead, it descended to the ground.

Then, like flowing water, it continuously infiltrated underground.

In just a moment, a large amount of Devouring White Mist was devoured by the earth.

This abnormal scene made the black-robed cultivator, who had lived for thousands of years, involuntarily furrow his brows.

"What is this..."

Suddenly, a sense of unease surged in his heart. He calculated continuously with his left hand, and his expression kept changing.

Clearly, even for the black-robed cultivator, this mysterious event was extremely difficult to calculate.

His aura fluctuated, wrinkles appeared slowly on his face, and strands of white hair began to show. Blood flowed from his eyes.

After a while, the black-robed cultivator suddenly spit out a mouthful of blood.

Then, he shouted loudly, "Devouring Rebirth Formation?"

"Old Blue Feather, do you still want to seek longevity even after death!?"

A trembling sense of fear surged from the depths of his soul, and the black-robed cultivator instinctively had the thought of fleeing.

But immediately after, he looked towards the direction of Yuandao Heavenly City.

"No wonder these years, the usually peaceful Yuandao Province has been full of slaughter, with countless cultivators dying..."

"My Blue Feather Legacy plan also went unexpectedly smoothly. It turns out I was also manipulated."

"Arrogance, too much arrogance!"

The black-robed cultivator gritted his teeth, "How could I let you have your way!"

At this point, he no longer cared about the people from the Mingyue Palace. Letting go of the silver thread, he rushed towards the direction of Yuandao Heavenly City.

...

"Tru..."

The frozen thoughts gradually recovered, and Li Fan almost uttered the word "Truth."

However, the pulling force from the other side had already disappeared, and Li Fan, who had returned to safety, forcibly swallowed the word.

"So, this is a Dao Integration Immortal Sage..."

Li Fan's face turned dark. All of his so-called preparations were nothing but jokes in the face of absolute strength disparity.

Just now, it was undoubtedly the most dangerous moment since Li Fan crossed. He could sense that something had happened around him, but his soul was frozen and he was unable to make effective reactions or thoughts.

If the black-robed cultivator hadn't been startled away, Li Fan might really have been finished.

"Just prompting more than five hundred Foundation Establishment cultivators to appear prematurely directly attracts an expert of this level..."

"No, there were still quite a few more who were captured along with the Mingyue Palace just now."

"There are probably many who imitated my breakthrough loaning."

"So, is it because there's a sudden surge in Foundation Establishment cultivators?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 162: The Calamity Has Long Been Destined


"It seems that although the 'Mountain Meditation Technique' cultivates at an extremely fast speed, the risks are still too great for a high-profile cultivation."

"This time, I was fortunate to escape with my life due to good luck."

"The next time, it's impossible to say."

Li Fan sighed, then remembered the scene where the black-robed Dao Integration cultivator had a terrified expression just now.

"Devouring Rebirth, seeking longevity?"

"I didn't expect that the mastermind behind the chaos in the Yuandao Province was actually the deceased Blue Feather Immortal Sage."

"Is he trying to reverse the cycle of life and death?"

Although he still didn't know the specific details of Blue Feather Immortal Sage's plan, the fragments of information from the black-robed cultivator were enough to reveal the terror of Blue Feather Immortal Sage.

He sacrificed countless lives of cultivators in the Yuandao Province to achieve immortality.

Among these fallen cultivators, many were Blue Feather Immortal Sage's subordinates and relatives.

"I don't know if, after being discovered by this black-robed cultivator, Blue Feather's plan can still succeed. Anyway, regardless of the outcome, the Yuandao Province is not a good place to stay for long. I have to leave quickly."

Previously, he had already agreed with Su Xiaomei and the others to meet in the Shilin Province after splitting up.

In these seven years, with a significant surplus of contributions, even the weakest Yin sisters had broken through to late stage Qi Condensation, plus they had some magical treasures for protection.

Being a bit careful on the way should ensure their safety.

Li Fan surveyed the surroundings. He had been transported to a dense forest, and he didn't know the exact location.

He tried to contact others from the Mingyue Palace using communication talismans, but he couldn't establish a connection.

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan decided to find a populated place first, identify his current location, and then proceed.

He chose a direction, concealed his figure, and swiftly flew.

However, halfway through, Li Fan suddenly stopped.

His face showed puzzlement.

"What's going on? Why hasn't the unease in my heart disappeared, and is instead growing stronger?"

"Has that black-robed Dao Integration cultivator not given up on chasing me?"

"What kind of grudge is this, what kind of resentment?"

"No, this feeling is not like the helplessness and despair when facing the Dao Integration Immortal Venerable."

"Does the crisis come from someone else?"

"What's going on?"

The experiences of this life flashed through his mind quickly, but Li Fan couldn't figure out where this fatal crisis was coming from.

Li Fan stopped and took out a necklace with a random teleportation formation from his storage ring.

After activating it, the scenery around him changed rapidly.

Before he could see the environment clearly, Li Fan took out another necklace.

He repeated this process five times, not knowing how far he had been teleported.

Li Fan stopped when he felt a bit dizzy.

The uneasy premonition in his heart finally gradually subsided. It seemed that he had temporarily escaped from this unknown enemy.

Surveying the surroundings, Li Fan found himself on a plain.

In the far distance, there were continuous mountains visible on the horizon.

Not far away, there was a city. After inquiring, Li Fan learned that this place was already near the border of the Shilin Province, and the city was called Luo Fan City, a remote town without any cultivators guarding it.

However, to the north of Luo Fan City, there was a large city called Rong Hua City, where cultivators were definitely residing.

For his own safety, Li Fan decided to use the teleportation formation in Rong Hua City to go to the Shilin Heavenly City and lie low.

Li Fan didn't delay any longer and hurried towards Rong Hua City.

However, when he flew halfway, Li Fan suddenly stopped again.

Because the source of that crisis suddenly appeared again, and it was even more urgent than before.

As if it appeared out of thin air on the road ahead.

"Did he use the teleportation formation to come to Rong Hua City?"

"The other party can lock onto my location at any time?"

Li Fan pondered for a moment, choosing not to escape immediately but to land and set up a formation in place.

"Considering that the opponent still needs to use the teleportation formation, it shouldn't be a Dao Integration cultivator."

"If it's a Nascent Soul cultivator, it might not be impossible to resist for a moment."

"At the very least, I need to figure out why he is chasing me."

"Otherwise, even if I start over, in the next life, I will encounter the same calamity."

Abandoning the plan to escape, Li Fan's mind became calm.

One by one, he laid out the formations.

[Explosive Law Formation].

Temporarily increases the power of one's Dao techniques by one rank.

[Chaotic Disruption Profound Spirit Formation].

Disrupts the flow of spiritual energy around the opponent, reducing their strength to some extent.

[Five Elements Sword Qi Formation].

Reverses spiritual energy into the power of the five elements, turning it into sword qi to harm the enemy.

[Soul Shock Formation].

Uses the remains of beasts to launch a soul-shaking attack with divine sense.

[Replication Formation].

After activating the formation, it memorizes the current technique, and then replicates and casts it.

...

Finally, Li Fan gathered the remaining Devouring White Mist in one place.

He also placed hundreds of [Exploding Seals] around it.

Although the power of each [Exploding Seal] was not too strong, the advantage lay in their large number.

Li Fan put the mist and seals in a separate storage ring.

Ready to give this unknown enemy a surprise.

"Unfortunately, with my current level of formation skills, I'm not skilled enough to make a formation crown. Otherwise, it wouldn't be so troublesome."

"In the cultivation world, under the Dao Integration, crossing a large realm to kill an opponent with one's own strength is considered a genius."

"To kill an opponent crossing two large realms is rare in ancient times, known as an unparalleled genius."

"With the assistance of formations, I can barely be considered half of a Golden Core cultivator."

"But I don't know how many rounds I can withstand against this Soul Transformation True Monarch."

Everything was ready, Li Fan closed his eyes and meditated, waiting for the enemy.

Soon after, a fiery red light tore through the sky and arrived in an instant.

The person had arrived above Li Fan's head in an instant.

This person had a sturdy figure, fiery red hair, and a flaming red beard.

Staring down at Li Fan, his voice was like thunder.

"You can run pretty fast!"

"Surrender the Minor Medicine King Cauldron, and I might spare your life!"

...

The rolling sound echoed continuously in Li Fan's ears.

Li Fan squinted his eyes, and in an instant, many thoughts flashed through his mind.

"Minor Medicine King Cauldron?"

"Hunting me across several states, is it really for this?"

"Could it be some extraordinary treasure?"

"But it's been almost thirty-seven years since I bought these two small cauldrons from Jiao Xiuyuan."

"These two small cauldrons have no practical use. I've always kept them in the corner of my storage ring, and I've almost forgotten about them myself."

"If they really have some special value, why did it take so long for the pursuit to begin?"

Past scenes quickly flashed through Li Fan's mind.

...

"It is said that after the Immortal Ancestor passed on his teachings, before the arrival of the Great Calamity, the sect leader of the Medicine King Sect, Liu Ruchen, had a vague premonition that the world might undergo significant changes."

"So, with an extremely tough attitude, Liu Ruchen led the entire Medicine King Sect, using his Medicine King Cauldron as a boat, to break through the void and leave the realm."

Jiao Xiuyuan spoke confidently.

...

In the 15th year.

A fiery meteor illuminated the sky, tearing through the night.

Its whereabouts were unknown.

But all the cultivators who saw this meteor felt a simultaneous surge of fear, sorrow, and other inexplicable emotions.

...

"Good heavens, do you know where this meteor fell? The Abyss of Cangwu!"

"That eerie place, unfathomable. No wonder no one has found it for so many years."

In the 41st year, the meteor returned to the Cangwu Province.

Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi wanted to seek opportunities.

...

"The last time, we painstakingly ran to Cangwu State. The news of the discovery of the meteor had just come out when we arrived, and we didn't even get to see what it looked like. We could only return disappointed."

Kou Hong complained dejectedly.

...

Li Fan couldn't help but suddenly understand.

"Could it be that the meteor is the Medicine King Cauldron of the Medicine King Sect?"

"The Medicine King Cauldron that broke through the void before the Great Calamity has now inexplicably returned to the Xuanhuang Realm."

"And those 36 Minor Medicine King Cauldrons that no one cared about in the past have become treasures coveted by everyone for some unknown reason."

"So, the calamity that endangered my life was this!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 163: Foundation Establishment Slaughters Nascent Soul


Having clarified the reason for the pursuit, Li Fan didn't immediately choose to submit.

As he observed the sturdy red-haired man above him, a dangerous glint flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

"I thought that the one coming to kill me would be a Soul Transformation cultivator."

"Unexpectedly, while I was just waiting here, I got a Nascent Soul cultivator instead."

"I've cultivated for a hundred years and never had a formal battle with anyone."

"It's the perfect timing to test everything I've learned on you."

Seeing Li Fan standing still, the red-haired Nascent Soul cultivator became impatient.

"Surrender the Minor Medicine King Cauldron, and I might spare your life!"

He shouted again.

If it weren't for the concern that attacking might damage the storage ring, potentially causing the loss of the Minor Medicine King Cauldron, he probably would have slapped this small Foundation Establishment cultivator to death already.

"Is this the Minor Medicine King Cauldron you're talking about, Senior?" Li Fan revealed a flattering smile and then took a small cauldron out of his storage ring, holding it in his hand.

The eyes of the red-haired Nascent Soul cultivator lit up. "Yes! Yes! That's it! You're quite sensible, little guy!"

Watching the Minor Medicine King Cauldron flying towards him, he was satisfied.

He reached out to grab the small cauldron, but before he could be happy about it, a storage ring suddenly appeared from the cauldron.

Immediately after, a large mass of white mist, entangled with golden threads, appeared next to the red-haired Nascent Soul.

"Boom!"

The mist exploded as hundreds of runes burst into fragments.

A tremendous destructive force erupted.

Following that, the cloud formed by the Devouring White Mist enveloped the red-haired Nascent Soul.

"You bastard!"

He roared in anger, and the Devouring White Mist was instantly blown away.

The Nascent Soul revealed himself again, and the Minor Medicine King Cauldron had already been put away.

There seemed to be no injuries, just a slightly trembling hand, indicating that Li Fan's attack was not entirely useless.

"You're looking for…"

Before he could finish his sentence, the red-haired Nascent Soul was instantly enveloped by several arrays.

His breath stagnated, and then he saw the world seemingly light up.

A vast blue ocean suddenly appeared in the sky.

A bright blue sword light, with an unmatched aura, flew out from the ocean and slashed towards him.

Li Fan's first move was unexpectedly his strongest move at the moment.

The Cong Yun Sea Sword.

"Earthly Treasure?!"

The red-haired Nascent Soul exclaimed, then looked at Li Fan with greedy eyes.

The ground cracked and the sky darkened.

A volcano rose up, blocking the path of the sword light.

The volcano was not like the illusory image of the ocean but instead a tangible object.

The surroundings became scorching hot as magma surged out from the cracked ground.

The blue sword light dimmed slightly but still pierced through the volcano, slashing towards the red-haired Nascent Soul cultivator.

A trace of seriousness flashed across the Nascent Soul cultivator's face; he felt that he couldn't avoid this blue sword light.

He could only face it head-on.

But the sword light unleashed by this Foundation Establishment cultivator actually posed a lethal threat to him.

What kind of sword technique was this?

In the split second of contemplation, flames emerged on the Nascent Soul cultivator's body.

The flames were like swords and collided with the blue sword light.

There was no earth-shattering explosion.

The blue sword light gathered and retracted in an instant, forming only a thin blue line.

This thin line separated the flames and quickly wound around the Nascent Soul.

The Nascent Soul was slightly stunned, then saw the opponent utter a light shout.

"Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords!"

In the ocean silhouette, another 27 sword lights appeared and flew towards him.

Simultaneously, all the arrays erupted.

Five Elements Sword Qi attacked him.

The roar of a mythical beast shook his mind.

The Nascent Soul felt that there was a slight gap between his physical body and his dantian.

Unbeknownst to him, another blue phantom suddenly appeared, causing the temperature around the volcano to drop instantly.

The blue phantom silently flew to the side of the Nascent Soul cultivator and gently pressed its hand.

Along with the 27 Cong Yun Sea Swords striking the Nascent Soul, all the arrays also erupted.

In an instant from the first Cong Yun Sea Sword to the remaining 27 sword lights slashing the Nascent Soul, it was just a moment.

The Nascent Soul cultivator's face was full of astonishment.

Cracks appeared on his body.

His shattered body became stiff and cold.

A gentle breeze blew.

Then, like a shattered ice sculpture, it turned into countless tiny fragments and fell to the ground.

The Nascent Soul cultivator's body was shattered.

But there was no trace of triumph on Li Fan's face.

Because the volcano confronting the Cong Yun Sea still existed.

It even became more violent.

"Good!"

"Very good!"

"With Foundation Establishment cultivation, you've destroyed my physical body! You can be proud of yourself!"

"Unfortunately, you, a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator, won't understand how terrifying the Nascent Soul realm is!"

The voice of the red-haired Nascent Soul cultivator resounded again.

Beneath his calm tone, there was an endless fury.

"As long as my nascent soul isn't annihilated, I won't die!"

Behind the volcano, a baby's phantom slowly appeared.

It clung to the volcano like a parasite, arching its tiny body, and attached itself to the volcano.

"Don't even think about dying easily!"

"I will torture you with the cruelest methods to vent my hatred!"

In the resentful voice of the baby, the originally destroyed body of the Nascent Soul cultivator unexpectedly showed signs of reforming.

Li Fan saw that the energy of the volcano was slowly absorbed by the baby.

Then, the baby's body, wriggling flesh and blood, appeared out of nowhere.

Like weaving a coat.

The human shell was slowly taking shape.

"As long as the nascent soul isn't destroyed, the cultivator does not die." Li Fan looked at the scene before him, contemplating.

Using all his means, catching the opponent off guard, only destroyed one physical body.

After recovery, he would be the one dead.

"As expected, challenging cultivators across realms is not an easy task."

"However..."

Li Fan's eyes flashed.

His aura suddenly erupted, and Li Fan had no reservations at this moment.

"I still have one last move. Please enlighten me, Senior!"

The Explosive Law Formation operated to its extreme, on the verge of collapse at any moment.

Bearing the far-overloaded energy, Li Fan's body was disintegrating inch by inch.

His lower limbs gradually disappeared, leaving only the upper torso remaining.

At this moment, Li Fan, fearless of life and death, unleashed the Sea Covering Palm that he comprehended from the ancient Dao resonance.

His right hand swung out, seemingly ordinary.

In the moment just before the Sea Covering Palm took shape,

Between life and death, Li Fan suddenly had an enlightenment.

Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei observed the Sea Covering Palm, each having their own insights.

Xiao Heng's palm technique was elusive and unpredictable.

Su Xiaomei's palm technique, on the other hand, was unparalleled in dominance, suppressing all things.

However, Li Fan had always only mastered the form, unable to embody his own true meaning.

Always lacking that tiny bit.

For several years, there had been no progress.

But now, facing a Nascent Soul stage cultivator with only Foundation Establishment cultivation, Li Fan, fearless of life and death, unafraid of the gap in realms, decisively struck out with the Sea Covering Palm.

At that moment, he suddenly comprehended the true meaning of his palm technique.

That is...

Defiance!

So what if it's a Nascent Soul stage cultivator?

In two lifetimes, practicing cultivation for a hundred years, with countless secrets in my possession.

Moreover, using several outstanding talents as pawns, deducing divine techniques.

Killing enemies across two realms, what the ancient prodigies did, can't I?

Li Fan's body dispersed with the wind, but his eyes became brighter.

He laughed loudly, "Today, with your life, assist me in attaining mastery!"

The red-haired Nascent Soul cultivator sneered, "Brazen words..."

Before he could finish speaking, he suddenly found his head enveloped by ominous clouds.

"It appears to be Sea Covering."

"But in reality, it is..."

"Heaven Overturning!"

A giant hand that could not be seen in its entirety descended from the sky, pressing down forcefully.

"Boom!"

The volcano, along with the attached nascent soul, turned into powder in an instant.

In the high sky, the announcement of the Nascent Soul cultivator's fall suddenly occurred.

But Li Fan paid no attention.

His body disintegrated, leaving only half a head.

Before consciousness faded away, Li Fan silently recited, "Truth!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 164: Establishing the Foundation over a Hundred Lifetimes


"The simulation has ended."

...

In the familiar yet unfamiliar study, Li Fan stood still, still immersed in the aftermath of the "Heaven Overturning Palm."

After a while, he took a deep breath.

Although he had killed a Nascent Soul cultivator as a Foundation Establishment cultivator, there was not much pride in Li Fan's heart.

One reason was that the red-haired Nascent Soul cultivator was not particularly strong.

More importantly, Li Fan did not rely entirely on his own strength.

He used the "Explosive Law Formation" to forcibly increase the power of his techniques to the Golden Core realm. He also activated a bunch of formations for assistance.

In the end, the Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords and the Heaven Overturning Palm, two major killer moves, were unleashed together.

Ultimately, it ended with both parties perishing.

If it weren't for [Truth], he might have already died.

However, then again, if it weren't for [Truth] as a reliance, given Li Fan's character, he probably wouldn't have been willing to sacrifice himself to comprehend the Heaven Overturning Palm that reversed the situation.

He stared at the options from [Truth].

Without a doubt, Li Fan chose the second option, retaining his cultivation.

While making the decision, he concentrated his mind, paying close attention to the changes about to happen in his body.

When he inherited the cultivation of the late Qi Condensation stage, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma in his body silently dissolved and disappeared as the cultivation appeared.

Now, what Li Fan was curious about was how [Truth] would deal with the laws of this world, which demanded that Foundation Establishment breakthrough required stealing Heavenly Treasures.

Holding his breath, the cultivation of the late Foundation Establishment stage suddenly surged out from his body.

The Immortal-Mortal Miasma dispersed like snowflakes, leaving no trace.

Spiritual energy inexplicably emerged within him, and then his momentum rose steadily.

In the blink of an eye, he reached the late Qi Condensation stage.

Then, in his dantian, an azure pearl suddenly appeared without any warning.

It was the Canghai Pearl that should not have appeared yet!

The Roots of Heaven and Earth attached to the Canghai Pearl, transforming its laws into Li Fan's Foundation Treasure.

However, this process of Foundation Establishment was a hundred or a thousand times faster than Li Fan's own.

In an instant, the Canghai Pearl disappeared.

A blue ocean silhouette lingered in Li Fan's dantian.

In a short moment, Li Fan completed the process of Foundation Establishment.

Afterward, his aura continued to rise until it stopped at the late Foundation Establishment stage.

"It seems that even when relying on the power of [Truth] to enhance my cultivation, in this world, I still have to follow the cultivation laws set by the Immortal Ancestor step by step."

"This is the power of 'Opposing the Principles of Heaven and Earth,' isn't it?"

"The nature of the rules of cultivation has fundamentally changed. If you want to play the game of cultivating immortality, you must follow the established rules."

Li Fan pondered for a moment, recalling scenes from his previous life, as if he had gained some insight.

"After the Immortal Ancestor opposed the principles of heaven and earth, he no longer appeared in the world."

"A Dao Integration cultivator suppresses a state, and is the strongest battle force on the surface."

"Under Dao Integration..."

He thought about the various Soul Transformation cultivators in the Yuandao Province killing each other but only ending up as sacrifices for Blue Feather Immortal Sage's rebirth.

Li Fan couldn't help but sigh: "Under the Dao Integration, all are ants."

"Soul Transformation, Nascent Soul, Golden Core, Foundation Establishment."

"There is no difference."

"Only after sacrificing a Heavenly Spirit and achieving Dao Integration can one barely enter the gaze of the Immortal Ancestor."

"But..."

"Without achieving immortality, it is ultimately futile."

"The Blue Feather Immortal Sage, even after struggling for several millennia, still couldn't escape the ultimate fate."

"Achieve immortality..."

"Achieve immortality..."

...

Li Fan murmured these two words repeatedly as if contemplating something, his brows furrowed.

"Without achieving immortality, everything is ultimately futile."

"If one does achieve immortality, then what?"

"In the beginning, the Immortal Ancestor established a new way of cultivation."

"From then on, if one does not follow his path of cultivation, it is impossible to cultivate."

"But if one truly walks his path of cultivation, then even if one truly achieves immortality, they will still be under his shadow."

Li Fan seemed to have figured something out, and his face suddenly calmed.

"In this world, the path of cultivation has already been established according to his will, resulting in fixed rules."

"To transcend, one must escape the chess game from the very beginning."

"But as a chess piece, and the weakest one at that, how can one jump out of the game by oneself?"

"Unless one relies on external things."

"[Truth]..."

Li Fan stared at the [Truth] screen in front of him, his gaze constantly shifting.

"Since the day I learned that everything in the world can be seen as Heavenly Treasures, I have had the idea of relying on [Truth] to build my Foundation Treasure."

"For this reason, I have observed the process of Foundation Establishment thousands of times."

"I've also unlocked two anchor points."

"Now is the time to try."

With determination in his heart, Li Fan flew to Mount Xie Li, where he had first comprehended the Formless Killing Intent.

He quickly built a simple grass hut and arranged the surroundings to prevent outsiders from entering.

Then he sat cross-legged in the hut. With a thought, the [Truth] prompt appeared at the right moment.

"Would you like to set the current time as the second anchor point?"

Li Fan didn't hesitate: "Yes!"

The second anchor point was set in response.

"Now, it's just a matter of waiting for [Truth] to recharge."

"The charging speed of [Truth] has not increased, still requiring about nine years."

"During this time, I can't afford to be idle."

"I haven't studied He Zhenghao's 'Mountain and River Vein Formation Diagrams' much, but I remember the basics of Zhang Zhiliang's 'Infinite Formation.'"

"It's a good opportunity to continue strengthening my proficiency in formations."

"It's just a pity that in this Land of Immortal Extinction, I can only improve my theoretical knowledge and cannot practice laying down formations."

Li Fan sighed, then settled his mind into the insights of the formation path.

Nine years passed in the blink of an eye.

"It's time!"

Ready to turn truth into illusion at any moment, Li Fan finally had the confidence to start building his foundation with [Truth].

Currently, his Foundation Treasure is still the Canghai Pearl.

So, the first step was...

Shattering the Foundation Treasure.

The "Tai Shang Primordial Scripture" circulated throughout his body, converting all his cultivation into pure energy and storing it within his body.

Then, looking at the ocean silhouette in his dantian, Li Fan forcefully struck his dantian with a finger.

Li Fan spat out a large mouthful of blood, and his breath rapidly weakened.

The ocean silhouette of the Cong Yun Sea began to violently sway, and a black crack appeared in the middle.

The ocean silhouette became increasingly illusory.

Li Fan attacked again.

After three times in total, the ocean completely disappeared from the world.

Li Fan, on the other hand, was as weak as a strand of silk, his face as pale as paper, as he almost perished.

"I exerted too much force; I should be gentler in the next life."

Li Fan thought to himself.

As his cultivation re-refined, Li Fan's injuries quickly healed, and he returned to the state of perfect Qi Condensation.

"If it weren't for this 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture,' trying to build my Foundation Treasure with [Truth] would probably be a hundred times more difficult." The fluctuation of realms in this instant made Li Fan think about this.

Settling his mind, Li Fan began his first attempt.

Unlike building a foundation with tangible and physical Heavenly Treasures, [Truth], though residing within Li Fan, was intangible and formless.

It was extremely difficult to sense.

Fortunately, Zhang Haobo's Foundation Treasure, the intangible and formless "Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent," served as a reference for Li Fan, who had the privilege of witnessing the entire process.

After a long time, a hazy white light appeared from Li Fan's dantian.

Then...

Bang!

Li Fan's dantian exploded.

"Truth!"

Before consciousness vanished, Li Fan silently prayed.

The lighting changed, not returning to the original village but instead to the small grass hut atop Mount Xie Li.

Naturally, he chose to return to the second anchor point.

He chose to shorten the recharging time.

After reducing thirty percent of the recharging time, the recharging process would be complete in just six years.

Li Fan frowned slightly, carefully recalling the process of building the foundation in the previous life and constantly contemplating and comprehending.

Six years passed in the blink of an eye.

[Truth] recharged, and Li Fan began his attempt again.

He used three fingers to shatter the Foundation Treasure.

This time, although Li Fan's face was still pale, he only spat out a small mouthful of blood.

Returning to the state of perfect Qi Condensation, he diligently comprehended the rules of [Truth].

This time, the faint white light appeared a bit softer.

The situation improved slightly but didn't last long.

Bang! Li Fan's dantian exploded again.

"[Truth]!"

Six years later, Li Fan began the third attempt.

The white light representing the rules of [Truth] was slightly gentler this time.

The duration of persistence this time was longer than the previous two attempts.

However, it was still far too short for the [Truth] silhouette to take shape.

Li Fan's dantian exploded again.

"[Truth]!"

The fourth attempt.

"Why does my dantian keep exploding?" Thinking back to the process of building the foundation in previous lives, Li Fan couldn't help but ponder.

The way of cultivation laid down by the Immortal Ancestor emphasized stability.

Even if one's aptitude was poor, as long as the lifespan was sufficient and the conditions were met, success in cultivation was guaranteed.

However, Li Fan's current attempt to build his foundation with [Truth] contradicted the way of the Immortal Ancestor.

"I originally thought that the difficulty in building the foundation would be in sensing the intangible and formless [Truth]."

"But unexpectedly, perhaps because [Truth] itself is integrated with me, sensing its existence is not as difficult as imagined."

"Instead, it seems that the incompatibility with the way of the Immortal Ancestor's cultivation, leading to the explosion of my dantian, has become the biggest obstacle to my successful foundation establishment."

"Perhaps if I can solve this problem, building the foundation with [Truth] is not far away."

Thinking of this, Li Fan's heart lifted a little.

The fourth attempt began.

Bang!

The fifth attempt!

Bang!

The sixth attempt!

...

Each attempt represented six years of time.

Although each time ended in failure at the last moment, with the dantian exploding, the radiance of [Truth] indeed became increasingly gentle.

Things were developing in a positive direction.

Li Fan also strengthened his faith as a result.

Continuously reincarnating, Li Fan tirelessly repeated the process of building the foundation, time and time again.

Single-minded, he cast aside everything else.

The tenth attempt.

The twentieth attempt.

The thirtieth attempt.

...

After fifty-six attempts, Li Fan finally made significant progress.

In his dantian, the gentle white light seemed to condense into a solid entity, as smooth as jade, pleasing to the eye.

The radiance no longer changed; instead, its shape transformed.

"Could it be that success is finally within reach?"

Seeing this, Li Fan's mind, which was previously calm and unperturbed, couldn't help but ripple with subtle waves.

But obviously, things were not that easy.

This time, the dantian remained intact, without bursting.

But Li Fan felt as if tiny insects were constantly wriggling throughout his body, deep within his bones and muscles.

The itching, tingling, and aching sensation made Li Fan emit a muffled groan involuntarily.

And this was just the beginning.

Round fleshy masses suddenly protruded from Li Fan's body.

They seemed to develop a consciousness of their own, swimming ceaselessly across his body.

The fleshy masses grew larger and larger. In a matter of breaths, they almost reached half the size of a head.

Covered in these horrifying blood-colored tumors, Li Fan now looked like a monstrous creature.

Moreover, these bloody tumors were still expanding.

Finally, with a "puff!" sound.

The tumors reached the limit his Qi Condensation body could endure and burst like balloons.

Flesh chunks and blood splattered everywhere in the small grass hut.

Li Fan was also drenched in his own blood.

But he remained indifferent.

In the sea of consciousness, the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit appeared.

At the same time, the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra kept running.

Li Fan entered a state free of worry, fear, and anxiety.

The [Truth] silhouette that condensed in the dantian, despite the destruction of his flesh, remained unchanged.

However, the physical body of a Qi Condensation cultivator was quite fragile.

Slowly, Li Fan's life aura became faint, then slowly extinguished.

As it was about to perish, at the last moment, Li Fan silently recited [Truth] in his mind.

The fifty-seventh attempt!

Six years later, Li Fan tried again.

The white jade light changed shape as Li Fan further comprehended.

The fleshy tumors on Li Fan's body kept appearing.

After a long time, another failure.

The fifty-eighth attempt.

Failure!

The fifty-ninth attempt.

Failure!

...

Repeated failures did not diminish Li Fan's determination and belief.

He summarized the lessons learned and compared each foundation building process.

Li Fan discovered that deliberate manipulation was more effective than a state of ignorance and confusion. He found that the time he could endure was much shorter if his mind was chaotic.

"Although I can't perceive [Truth] directly, it seems to influence my body since it is integrated with me."

"Building the foundation with my consciousness is much smoother than doing it with my subconscious."

During the 75th attempt at foundation building, Li Fan had a moment of enlightenment.

As he expected, the shape of the white jade light sphere gradually became regular with each subsequent attempt, as if he was trimming it back to its original form.

...

The ninetieth attempt.

When the white jade light sphere finally took on an elliptical shape, it stabilized.

No more fleshy tumors appeared on Li Fan's body.

The light flickered as it transformed from illusion to reality.

It seemed to manifest in the dantian.

But...

Suddenly, a realization flashed through Li Fan's mind.

It was still lacking something.

It was as if something had abruptly descended into the small grass hut atop Mount Xie Li.

In an instant, Li Fan's hair turned snow-white.

His skin dried up and wrinkled.

Terrifying grooves and cracks appeared on his face.

His muscles dissolved, leaving only a layer of skin hanging on the skeleton.

He became deformed like a horrific monstrosity.

Li Fan's age rapidly increased, and in a moment, he seemed on the verge of dying of old age.

"Truth!"

Without hesitation, Li Fan exclaimed.

From the 91st to the 98th attempt, each attempt was the same.

Success in establishing the foundation with [Truth] was just a tiny step away.

On the 99th attempt, he returned to the Mount Xie Li.

"What exactly is lacking?"

Li Fan frowned.

He knew that success was now within a hair's breadth.

But it wasn't something that simple attempts could resolve.

It required a moment of enlightenment to identify the problem.

Li Fan had a premonition that the answer should be simple.

It was like breaking through a thin layer of window paper, easy to pierce.

However, at this moment, Li Fan was stuck on this mountain, unable to see the true nature.

He couldn't find the exact solution.

As Li Fan contemplated, he descended from the mountain.

He strolled through the mortal world, seeking his own answers.

At the same time, he observed the vast world of the Grand Xuan that hadn't been influenced by him.

In the fifth year, a severe drought hit Jiangnan.

A group of refugees attacked the Langya Prince's estate.

The Langya Prince's estate suffered heavy losses.

Except for Prince Langya, who escaped through a secret tunnel, saving his life, the rest of the mansion's inhabitants were mercilessly killed by the refugees.

The news spread, shaking the court and the public.

The emperor was furious and ordered the military to suppress the rebels. Simultaneously, he summoned Prince Langya to the capital and protected him. From then on, Prince Langya remained in the capital.

In the 15th year, the emperor suddenly fell seriously ill.

Before his death, he summoned Prince Langya to the palace and passed the throne to him. Prince Langya ascended the throne and changed the era name to Xuanjing.

In the 16th year, simultaneous rebellions erupted across the country. Emperor Xuanjing appointed his trusted advisor as the Grand General to lead the army in quelling the unrest.

After three years, the Grand General finally pacified the rebellions throughout the land. He returned triumphantly to the court.

Emperor Xuanjing ordered the officials to welcome the Grand General outside the capital with imperial honors. However, the Grand General, with an arrogant expression, did not dismount in the presence of the officials and did not kneel before the emperor.

Emperor Xuanjing remained unfazed, extended his hand, and welcomed the Grand General into the palace. Lavish banquets were held to entertain the guests.

After three rounds of drinks, the officials quietly withdrew.

Dozens of executioners rushed in.

The Grand General, who was heavily intoxicated, suddenly woke up and questioned Emperor Xuanjing. Emperor Xuanjing remained silent.

Under the attack of the executioners, the Grand General, although valiant and unrivaled, was covered in wounds.

Barely clinging to life, he pointed at Emperor Xuanjing and resentfully said, "If there is a next time, I will personally lead a mighty army to crush the imperial capital. I will use your head as a wine jug to satisfy the hatred in my heart!"

He then died under the swords.

...

Time seemed to freeze at that moment.

Li Fan, who had been silently observing, now revealed his figure.

His eyes were bright as if he had suddenly enlightened.

"People don't have a next time."

"This world doesn't have a next time."

"But I do."

"My [Truth]..."

"Transcends beyond the rules of the world."

In an instant, the surroundings became illusory, and Li Fan returned to Mount Xie Li.

Li Fan exhaled [Truth] again.

"Truth into lie..."

"Reality into illusion..."

He stared at the six words generated by [Truth], his mind pure and clear.

"I will build the foundation based on the rules of [Truth]!"

Everything fell into place without any obstruction.

The white jade light sphere suddenly manifested in the dantian.

The third anchor dropped without delay.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 165: Learning All the Laws of the World


"Building the foundation for a hundred lifetimes, although arduous, has broken my shackles. From now on, I no longer need to worry about the compatibility issues between the cultivation method I practice and my Foundation Treasure."

"Any Heavenly Treasure from all corners of the world can become my Foundation Treasure."

At the peak of Mount Xie Li, Li Fan, who successfully built the foundation with [Truth], couldn't help but feel a faint sense of joy in his heart.

More than six hundred years and a hundred lifetimes had been spent all for one goal.

Now that it has finally been achieved, the results are extraordinary.

"Canghai Pearl!"

Li Fan's mind moved.

In the dantian, the white jade light sphere emitted a gentle light.

Then, in an instant, it turned into the appearance of a vast blue ocean.

Even though Li Fan had used the Canghai Pearl to build his foundation before, at this moment, it was difficult to distinguish the sea inside him from the original Canghai Pearl.

It could only be said that they were exactly the same!

"This is turning lies into truth!" Li Fan sighed.

The magnificent power of reversing time possessed by [Truth] transcends this world.

So, Li Fan's repeated failures in using the complete [Truth] to build the foundation were because of this.

However, [Truth] transcends the world, and it also intersects with this world.

Its rules within this world could be expressed in the six words "Truth to Lies, Reality to Illusion."

In short, during Foundation Establishment, [Truth] can transform into any Heavenly Treasure related to the laws that Li Fan comprehends or that [Truth] has absorbed.

Feeling excited, Li Fan changed the appearance of the Foundation Treasure within his body one after another.

"Rust Sword Dao Xuan!"

A broken and rusty sword appeared on Mount Xie Li.

"Gnarled Dragon Branch!"

"Indignant Fall!"

...

As the appearance of the Foundation Treasure within his body changed, the aura on Li Fan's body also kept changing.

After simulating all the Heavenly Treasures encountered in the twelfth life, Li Fan changed [Truth] into the appearance of the Canghai Pearl again.

An ocean silhouette appeared above his head, and Li Fan swung his sword.

The clouds parted with a single sword strike which flew towards the rising sun in the east.

Even when it disappeared from view, its momentum remained undiminished.

"When performing a Cong Yun Sea Sword, it's indistinguishable from the real Canghai Pearl."

"In the world of cultivating immortals, the Foundation Treasure has a significant impact on cultivators, at least before Dao Integration. The cultivation path must match their own Foundation Treasure."

"But by building the foundation with [Truth], I no longer have such worries."

"This means that I can adopt any law in the world as my own."

"I even have a premonition." Li Fan's eyes were bright, and he began to daydream.

"Heavenly Treasures are the manifestation of the laws of heaven and earth. If one day, I can simulate and manifest all the Heavenly Treasures in the world..."

"For example, the Yanfa Jue of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance..."

...

After a long time, Li Fan finally returned to reality from his fantasies.

Building the foundation with [Truth] had allowed him to break free from constraints, and from now on, the possibilities were limitless.

However, they were only possibilities.

To realize them, he would need careful planning over countless lifetimes.

"In this life, with the premonition in my heart, I was one hundred percent confident. I didn't wait for [Truth] to complete its charging before I started building the foundation. Now that the foundation is complete, I've set the third anchor point, only a few days apart from the second anchor point."

"The initial anchor point was the moment I just crossed into this world."

"The second anchor point is on Mount Xie Li, with the Canghai Pearl as the Foundation Treasure, and it's at late stage Foundation Establishment cultivation."

"The third anchor point is just now, with [Truth] as the Foundation Treasure, also at late stage Foundation Establishment."

"The foundation has been completed, and it's time to return to the immortal world."

"At this point, there are still nine years until the completion of charging, but I can make some preparations in this Grand Xuan."

With such thoughts, Li Fan drifted down the mountain, returning to the mortal world.

As an immortal, he was unstoppable in the world of mortals.

After nine years, Li Fan, killed all people who deserved death throughout the world, collecting their blood.

In the end, he condensed it into a black-red blood bead.

The aura emanating from the blood bead was like it came from a natural enemy.

Even from a distance, Li Fan couldn't help but feel his heart pounding.

With the charging complete, Li Fan once again used [Truth].

Returning to the third anchor point, this time Li Fan chose the first option, retaining the items he possessed.

Of course, it was this blood bead full of Immortal-Mortal Miasma.

"Blood Essence of Ten Thousand People."

Looking at the name of this item in [Truth], Li Fan couldn't help but stroke his chin.

"It only mentions the mortals' blood; it doesn't mention the Immortal-Mortal Miasma..."

Recalling the process of dispelling the Immortal-Mortal Miasma in his body during the Foundation Establishment process of a hundred lifetimes, Li Fan seemed to have some enlightenment.

"Perhaps, this Immortal-Mortal Miasma doesn't actually have a physical existence? Maybe it's more like a curse-like power?"

"Regardless, this blood bead will be my killer move in the future."

In the twelfth life, whenever Li Fan encountered cultivators with Nascent Soul cultivation base or above, he felt a sense of powerlessness.

He couldn't help but think of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma that made all cultivators turn pale.

In this life, all the effort was to turn the Immortal-Mortal Miasma into [Truth]'s bound item so that he could use it anytime.

"However, from the information I know, in the cultivation world, using Immortal-Mortal Miasma to maliciously harm others will cause one to be jointly pursued by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association until death."

"It's not something that should be used until it's absolutely necessary."

"Well... perhaps, I can use the transformation of [Truth] to disguise myself as someone else."

Li Fan gradually sank into deep thought.

After nine years, [Truth] completed its charging.

Li Fan swept through the world, filling the Taiyan Boat to the brim.

Then he rushed out of the Immortal Extinction Formation, returning to the cultivation world after more than six hundred years.

At this time, to avoid alerting the Law Enforcement Hall, Li Fan only practiced the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra."

His Foundation Treasure transformed into the appearance of the Stone Tablet of Prohibition.

Arriving at the Cong Yun Sea, he still headed straight for the Liuli Island.

When he was close to his destination, Li Fan didn't forget to kill the giant Liuli Fish in passing and took the Golden Liuli Pearl.

"Rest assured, fellow Daoist He, this time you will not lose everything!"

Li Fan smiled faintly and arrived outside Liuli Island.

"Fellow Daoist He of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, are you here?"

His voice, like thunder, spread across Liuli Island in an instant.

After a moment, the solemn voice of He Zhenghao came, "This humble one is He Zhenghao! May I ask, fellow Daoist, what important matter brings you to me?"

It turned out that he had not appeared in person but remained hidden within the island protection array.

Li Fan couldn't help but smile wryly, and he immediately said loudly, "I have no ill intent, and only desire to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. I have heard of fellow Daoist's reputation for generosity and wanted to ask fellow Daoist to recommend me!"

"What..." Before finishing his sentence, He Zhenghao flashed consecutively, showing up beside Li Fan with a face full of surprise.

"Easy, easy!" He Zhenghao looked at Li Fan and readily agreed.

"I still don't know the name of fellow Daoist?" He bowed slightly, asking with a smile.

"I am Li Fan."

Watching the smiling He Zhenghao, Li Fan couldn't help but also reveal a friendly smile.

*****

TL Note: here's a mass release for you guys for the holidays! Merry Christmas :)

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 166: Investor He Zhenghao


"Fellow Daoist, where did you cultivate before?"

Inside the pavilion on the mountaintop of Liuli Island, He Zhenghao and Li Fan sat facing each other.

He poured a pot of spirit tea, filled Li Fan's cup, and then asked.

"I was originally a loose cultivator in the Yuandao Province. In the past few years, while seeking a breakthrough opportunity, I arrived at the Cong Yun Sea," Li Fan took a sip of tea and continued, "I am now in the late stage of Foundation Establishment. As a precaution, I want to prepare for the future Golden Core cultivation method."

"Foundation Establishment is the limit for ordinary loose cultivators. By exploring on my own, it's extremely difficult to find a Golden Core cultivation method. After much consideration, I decided to abandon my previous loose cultivation philosophy and join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance." Li Fan sighed and explained.

"Fellow Daoist, there's no need to worry. I know that many loose cultivators in the outside world have misunderstandings about our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. They think that our cultivators are like cattle and horses, being driven and having no freedom. This is a great misconception!" He Zhenghao explained confidently.

"The contribution points we use in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance are essentially no different from spirit stones. Essentially, everyone relies on their own efforts to obtain cultivation resources. It's just that within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, there is centralized arrangement."

"Moreover, the alliance also has treasures like the Tianxuan Mirror, which is extremely useful. When you witness it, you'll understand." He Zhenghao smiled and said, lifting the teacup to take a sip.

"I heard that recommending cultivators to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance comes with corresponding contribution point rewards?" Li Fan suddenly asked.

"Cough, cough..." He Zhenghao seemed to have choked and coughed a few times before putting down the teacup.

"Fellow Daoist, you are quite well-informed! Rest assured, I understand the rules! When the time comes, I will share half of the contribution points I obtain!" He patted his chest and assured.

Li Fan inexplicably glanced at He Zhenghao, then nodded slowly, "So be it, please guide me, fellow Daoist. I can't wait any longer!"

He Zhenghao suddenly felt a chill on his back but quickly dismissed it, thinking it was just an illusion.

Hearing Li Fan's words, he immediately said, "Fellow Daoist, wait a moment. Let me go and get the passage token for you. Otherwise, if you rush onto the island, you will be attacked by the Ten Thousand Immortals Guardian Formation."

Li Fan nodded, "I've heard about this. Fellow Daoist, please go!"

He Zhenghao activated the teleportation array and went to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Li Fan, on the other hand, waited while drinking tea.

Not long after, He Zhenghao returned.

"Fellow Daoist, just leave behind a trace of your aura." Handing the passage token to Li Fan, He Zhenghao said.

Li Fan did it with ease.

"When you officially join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, remember to return this token. Otherwise, you'll have to compensate for the corresponding value in contribution points."

"Such a small piece..." He Zhenghao was about to say something more but suddenly changed his words.

"Hehe, forget it. Fellow Daoist, let's go!"

Li Fan nodded, and the two of them passed through the teleportation array, arriving at Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

As before, He Zhenghao introduced Li Fan to the various things on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

But this time, it was more detailed than the previous two times.

"Not far ahead is the Tianxuan Mirror. This Celestial Treasure is incredibly versatile. Once you use it, you won't be able to part with it!"

"When your contribution points are abundant in the future, you can even buy a Tianxuan Minor Mirror to carry with you."

The conversation continued all the way until the two entered the space of the Tianxuan Mirror.

"This fellow Daoist is the Foundation Establishment cultivator I reported before who wanted to join our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance." He Zhenghao said.

After a while, the voice of the Tianxuan Mirror sounded.

"Introducing a Foundation Establishment cultivator, recorded as a high-ranking third-grade merit, equivalent to 3000 contribution points. Current total contribution points: 4140 points."

He Zhenghao was stunned, suspecting that he had misheard.

"How much?" He Zhenghao asked again.

So the Tianxuan Mirror repeated it once more.

He Zhenghao looked back at Li Fan with a face of shock and opened his mouth, but couldn't utter a word.

"What's the matter? Any problem?" Li Fan knowingly asked.

"I don't know... may I ask, fellow Daoist, how old are you now?" He Zhenghao cautiously inquired after a while.

Li Fan pretended to hesitate for a while before sighing, "To be honest, I have been alive for more than twenty-nine years."

"But spending so much time and still struggling in the late stage of Foundation Establishment, with the Golden Core distant and unreachable, it's really embarrassing to mention this!"

He Zhenghao immediately turned red, his mouth opened, but he couldn't say a word.

After a long time, he forced a somewhat awkward smile, "Fellow Daoist, you're joking. The late stage of Foundation Establishment at twenty-nine..."

"The late stage of Foundation Establishment at twenty-nine..."

He Zhenghao thought for a long time before finally squeezing out the words "heavenly genius."

"No, no, that's not true." Li Fan shook his head repeatedly.

"Fellow Daoist, do you know that a true heavenly genius can form a Golden Core within eight years of cultivation?"

"They can even jump from Golden Core to Dao Integration; I am far from it!"

Li Fan said seriously.

"Heh..." What Li Fan said exceeded He Zhenghao's understanding.

Not knowing how to respond, he had to show an embarrassed smile.

Fortunately, he was an old hand in the cultivation world, quickly changing the topic.

Taking out a Communication Talisman shaped like a mountain peak, He Zhenghao handed it to Li Fan and said enthusiastically, "Since fellow Daoist is looking for my recommendation, it means you hold me, He Zhenghao, in high regard."

"In the future, if there is anything I, He Zhenghao, can help you with, feel free to ask. Although my cultivation level is a bit low, I still have some connections on Ten Thousand Immortals Island."

Li Fan took the Communication Talisman without saying a word, smiling at He Zhenghao.

He Zhenghao was first stunned, then slapped his head with a look of realization.

"If it wasn't for fellow Daoist reminding me, I almost forgot." With a hint of reluctance in his eyes, He Zhenghao transferred 1500 contribution points to Li Fan.

Li Fan nodded in satisfaction and then asked, "Fellow Daoist has probably been a member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for quite some time. Why does it seem like your contribution points are not very abundant?"

He Zhenghao immediately became energetic and began to explain to Li Fan, "Fellow Daoist, you don't know! If you have too many contribution points but never use them, they will remain forever stagnant."

"But if you use the contribution points to invest in commodities like Spirit Mist Grass and Tongxuan Wood when their prices are low, you can stock up."

"Wait until their prices rise, then sell them."

"You can profit from it."

"Although the fluctuations are usually small, and each plant doesn't earn much, if you buy a large quantity each time, it still turns out to be a decent profit."

He Zhenghao was proud of himself.

"This is what we call investment!"

"Fellow Daoist, you don't know, but I am well-versed in the art of investment."

"No wonder you dared to go all-in with your entire wealth before. It turns out you've tasted the sweetness beforehand."

Li Fan looked at He Zhenghao with a strange expression, thinking in his heart.

"Fellow Daoist, you seem to doubt what I said?" He Zhenghao was a bit unhappy.

He immediately said, "Okay, let's do it this way."

"When there is an opportunity for a big profit next time, I will invite fellow Daoist to join in."

"Then, fellow Daoist can witness my skills!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 167: Ice Intent Heartless Pill


"Well, I'm really looking forward to it." Li Fan looked at He Zhenghao, full of confidence, and said with a smile.

He Zhenghao boasted about his past achievements again, bragging about doubling his contribution points in ten years, making a big profit equivalent to several years of hard work, and so on. After Li Fan signaled with his eyes, he finally stopped, still not completely satisfied.

The promotion message from the Tianxuan Mirror sounded timely.

"Cultivator Li Fan, welcome to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. As a benefit, we will give you 1000 contribution points for free. You can use contribution points to exchange for spiritual stones, cultivation techniques, magical treasures, and more."

"You have received 1500 contribution points from He Zhenghao."

"Current total contribution points: 2500."

...

Although Li Fan started this life with 2500 contribution points, for someone who once had a wealth of over a million, it was challenging to evoke any psychological fluctuations. Especially in the late stage of Foundation Establishment, the daily activation of the Tianxuan Mirror already cost 300 contribution points.

Li Fan now realized that these 300 contribution points were roughly what an ordinary late Foundation Establishment cultivator could earn in nearly a month of doing low-risk tasks most of the time. After spending one day on assisted cultivation, it would be back to running errands in an endless loop.

Add to that occasionally getting lucky with high-reward, low-risk tasks, after a year, only a small amount of contribution points could be accumulated.

This was the typical fate of ordinary cultivators in Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

If there were regrets and one wanted to take a risk, there would naturally be the possibility of death.

As someone who regressed, Li Fan would naturally not fall into the same fate.

Repeating the same trick, he bought a storage ring, went out, and returned to exchange the gold and silver treasures and the remains of the "Stone Tablet of Prohibition" in the Tai Yan Boat.

He received 2831 contribution points.

Still too little!

Li Fan remembered that in about half a year, the dragonwhale that had swallowed many Liuli Pearls and gained wisdom would destroy the island where Spirit Mist Grass was found. Greenwood Rebirth True Immortal also took advantage of this to set up a big harvest.

Li Fan didn't want to miss such a feast and naturally wanted to accumulate enough contribution points before participating.

Li Fan looked again at the task to collect Blue Blood Coral that he had taken before.

Without hesitation, he directly accepted the task.

Then he went directly through the teleportation array to Mist Crow Island in the northwest of the Cong Yun Sea.

The Mist Crow Island was guarded by a Foundation Establishment cultivator whose hunched body was hidden in a black robe, and his face was unseen.

An eerie aura radiated from his body, repelling anyone thousands of miles away invisibly.

Li Fan just nodded at him slightly as a sign and then left directly.

Once out of the island protection formation, Li Fan looked up.

The island was shrouded in a gray mist throughout the day.

Within the gray mist, faint silhouettes of flocks of birds could be vaguely seen.

Approaching the edge of the mist, Li Fan controlled his spiritual power and captured one of the birds for closer inspection.

"Croak! Croak!"

This bird was naturally the so-called Mist Crow.

It had no physical form, entirely composed of the gray mist.

The Mist Crow struggled, flapping its wings ceaselessly, attempting to peck Li Fan with its large and curved beak.

Upon contact between spiritual energy and the mist, a faint burning sensation surprisingly occurred, leaving Li Fan somewhat astonished.

"It seems that the Mist Crow has some utility, but only the members of the Hall of Heavenly Secrets are aware of it."

After studying it for a while, Li Fan didn't reach any conclusions and released the Mist Crow.

Then, he proceeded with his main task, flying towards the west of Mist Crow Island.

After flying for more than two hundred miles, Li Fan suppressed his aura and submerged into the sea."

In the vast underwater ruins stretching for dozens of miles, a large Blue Blood Coral grew prominently.

Transparent and emitting a faint ethereal light, the coral was surrounded by various underwater creatures that had established their homes around it. A sea snake with strength equivalent to the mid Foundation Establishment stage lurked in the vicinity, acting as a guardian.

This serene and beautiful scene was abruptly disrupted by Li Fan's arrival.

Activating the Insect Binding Technique, while [Truth] also transformed into the Canghai Pearl.

With a slash from the Cong Yun Sea Sword, the sea snake instantly lost its life.

"Huh? After the Foundation Establishment treasure transformed into the Canghai Pearl, the power of the technique seems to have been enhanced somewhat within this Cong Yun Sea?" Li Fan keenly noticed the difference as he carefully sensed the surroundings.

"This feeling... is it an inexplicable sense of kinship emitted by the Cong Yun Sea?"

"Is it treating the Canghai Pearl as a brother?"

Li Fan chuckled and paid no attention, focusing his gaze on the Blue Blood Coral.

With a loud rumble, the Blue Blood Coral was uprooted and stored in Li Fan's storage ring.

Countless underwater habitats were destroyed, and the creatures scattered in panic, fleeing for their lives.

Li Fan showed no signs of remorse for acting as a harbinger of destruction.

"Three thousand contribution points are in hand now."

Li Fan recalled that Elder Chen from the Medicine Hall had always been interested in purchasing this Blue Blood Coral.

So, carefully recollecting, he identified another location within the Cong Yun Sea where this coral existed.

"Well, it seems not far from here, in an underwater deep valley, there is another one."

"Let's take it while we're at it."

So, with little effort, Li Fan dug out another Blue Blood Coral.

Returning to the Tianxuan Mirror, he chose to submit it.

After the other party received the two corals, the task reward was quickly settled.

Six thousand contribution points were instantly obtained.

"I wonder what pill is Elder Chen refining with this Blue Blood Coral?"

Li Fan casually asked.

After a while, perhaps for the sake of the two Blue Blood Corals, the reply came.

"Ice Intent Heartless Pill, for the purpose of exploring a secret realm. If you find this kind of coral in the future, you can trade them to me. I'll buy as many as you can find."

...

"Ice Intent Heartless Pill." Li Fan savored the name of this pill, pondering.

With the task completed, Li Fan's contribution points now exceeded ten thousand.

It had only been three days since he joined Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance at this point.

The speed of contribution point growth was truly astonishing.

Li Fan then looked at the most eye-catching bounty task.

"One hundred thousand contribution points for the Cloud Water Map, this opportunity can't be missed in this life."

"But the so-called Heavenly Doctor is a bit strange."

"Judging from his strength, he's at least an Dao Integration Immortal Sage."

The scene of the black-robed Dao Integration Immortal Sage from Yuandao Province freezing Li Fan's thoughts was still vivid in his mind.

Naturally, Li Fan wouldn't choose to face the Heavenly Doctor directly.

"It seems that I need to refine a clone."

Having gathered all the materials for refining the clone, he went to the seabed again and obtained the Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand.

Then he headed straight to the cave where Sikong Yi was hiding.

Sikong Yi and his clone, Baili Chen, had unpredictable whereabouts. If Li Fan used the Sun Stealing Technique, he was afraid they would sense it and escape through a teleportation formation.

Chasing them afterward would be troublesome.

It was better to wait here and catch them off guard.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 168: Counterattacking the Immortal Cultivation World


According to the previous intelligence from Jiao Xiuyuan, Sikong Yi visited this cave every once in a while.

Li Fan decided to wait here.

His luck was good.

Ten days later, Li Fan, who was in the middle of cultivation, opened his eyes.

Sikong Yi and Baili Chen walked into the concealed cave expressionlessly.

When they saw Li Fan waiting inside, expressions of astonishment and disbelief involuntarily appeared on their faces.

"You..."

Before a single word could be spoken, Li Fan's Insect Binding Technique instantly captured them.

No words were exchanged; Li Fan killed them on the spot.

He waited for their resurrection chances to be exhausted, completely disappearing from the world.

Li Fan put away the Sun Stealing Token that fell on the ground and began crafting his clone.

In theory, the cultivation of the clone was only one small realm behind the main body.

However, Li Fan found that to craft a Foundation Establishment stage clone, it was still necessary to use Heavenly Treasures.

"Perhaps the Sun Stealing Technique was indeed powerful initially, but after the Immortal Ancestor passed down his path, it became somewhat redundant."

"No wonder the Sun Stealing Sect has been declining generation by generation."

"Anyway, this clone is just for sacrifice, so there's no need to waste Heavenly Treasures."

"A complete Qi Condensation cultivation is sufficient."

After some contemplation, Li Fan began the crafting process for his clone.

This was already the third time Li Fan crafted a clone, and he was familiar with the process.

Before long, the clone reappeared in the world.

After donning clothes, the clone went to Flowing Cloud Island and joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Li Fan did not leave; instead, he took out He Zhenghao's Communication Talisman and sent a message.

"Fellow Daoist He, I've been traveling outside these days and heard some unfavorable rumors about you."

He Zhenghao quickly replied, "Unfavorable rumors? Hehe, fellow Daoist must have been mistaken. I, He Zhenghao, have cultivated good karma, and my reputation is excellent. How could it be..."

"Oh? So those rumors about you smuggling mortals are false? It's really hateful; they're spreading malicious rumors! But the rumors are quite elaborate, mentioning Lands of Immortal Extinction and whatnot..."

"Cough, cough, cough..." Li Fan hadn't finished speaking, and He Zhenghao's panicked voice came through. "Where did fellow Daoist hear about this?"

"This matter requires a face-to-face discussion. Do you have time? Please trouble yourself with coming to my Liuli Island." He Zhenghao's voice sounded somewhat serious.

"Hehe, sure, sure." Li Fan smiled and put away the Communication Talisman, heading straight to Liuli Island.

After leaving the teleportation array, He Zhenghao greeted him and then activated the Mountain River Star Formation.

After studying the art of formations for decades, Li Fan's perspective changed.

The mountains and rivers above his head rotated like stars. The power of this formation was unexpectedly superior to the Spirit Illusory Wave Formation Li Fan had purchased.

"Your island protection formation is truly extraordinary!" Li Fan exclaimed.

"Oh? Fellow Daoist also understands formations?" He Zhenghao, upon hearing this, showed a hint of surprise on his face.

"A little, just a little. But formations are vast and profound. Without a master, progress is slow with only self-study." Li Fan sighed.

"Hehe, if fellow Daoist doesn't mind, you can come to my place for a discussion." He Zhenghao, once he started talking about formations, immediately became spirited, putting aside the reason why he invited Li Fan for the time being.

"Not to boast, but in terms of formations, ignoring cultivation level, the ordinary Nascent Soul realm formation masters on Ten Thousand Immortals Island might not necessarily be better than me. Perhaps only Zhang Zhiliang, Gong Boyu, and three or four others could barely surpass me."

"Most of this Mountain River Star Formation was built by me personally." He Zhenghao proudly declared.

Li Fan chuckled and didn't interrupt.

Instead, he asked, "Let's set aside the issue of formations for now. I'm curious, did you call me here regarding the matter of smuggling mortals across the border?"

The expression on He Zhenghao's face immediately froze.

Ah, he sighed.

"I won't hide it from you, my friend. I've indeed been secretly involved in some dealings to smuggle mortals across the border. I thought I had concealed it well all this time, but unexpectedly, the news leaked. Fellow Daoist, where did you hear about it?" He Zhenghao's eyes were full of sorrow and doubt.

"I was participating in the fish gambling recently. I overheard people talking about rumors regarding you during a casual conversation. As for the specifics or who said it, I don't know." Li Fan had already prepared his statement and responded.

Upon hearing this, He Zhenghao felt a chill in his heart.

"Oh no! Every time during fish gambling, there are so many cultivators attending! The matter of me smuggling mortals across the border might have already spread throughout the Cong Yun Sea!" He Zhenghao's face showed signs of panic.

"Hehe, don't scare yourself, my friend," Li Fan hurriedly comforted.

"Moreover, it's just smuggling mortals return to the cultivation world. Although it violates some taboos, it's not a big deal. After all, you're a Foundation Establishment cultivator, and you're also guarding an island. Do you really think the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would do anything to you?" Li Fan was somewhat dismissive.

However, He Zhenghao shook his head repeatedly, sighing, "Fellow Daoist, you don't do business in this area, so it's normal not to understand the situation. Smuggling mortals across the border is not as simple as violating taboos."

"If compared seriously, the most severe consequence could be dealt with according to the 'Sin of Rebellion.' At that time, not to mention the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, even the Five Elders Association might not provide a refuge."

Li Fan was truly stunned this time, "Sin of Rebellion? How could it be so serious?"

Helpless, He Zhenghao explained, "It all traces back to the farce that happened five hundred years ago."

With his explanation, Li Fan understood what had happened.

Originally, during the Great Migration Plan, thousands of subworlds were settled by mortals.

After thousands of years, these places, which were originally desolate with no spiritual energy coverage, had given birth to various extraordinary powers due to various fortuitous encounters.

Some had a revival of spiritual energy, while others, due to the methods brought back by mortals crossing the border, reopened the cultivation path by removing the Immortal-Mortal Miasma.

Some developed body refining techniques, specializing in physical strength. Their bodies were robust, and attacks from ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivators were like tickles.

Some, although physically weak, mastered ways to communicate with spirit beasts. By controlling spirit beasts in battle, they could also unleash formidable combat power.

...

Harboring resentment from being forcibly expelled from their hometown years ago, these subworlds, under someone's persuasion, surprisingly reached a consensus.

They united to counterattack the cultivation world!

It was said that at the time, dozens of subworlds responded to the call, creating a huge momentum.

The coalition of subworlds appeared suddenly, catching the cultivators at that time off guard.

"But after all, it was a motley crew. When an Immortal Sage stepped in, he easily suppressed them!"

"The whole process didn't seem to cause much damage to our cultivators."

"So, it was just a farce."

"Think about it, counterattacking the cultivation world? Haha, how is that possible!"

"However, considering the precedent, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association established rules."

He Zhenghao furrowed his brows, his face filled with concern.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 169: Clear Wind Hall


"It's fortunate that no one is investigating this matter. I'm afraid that if someone with ill intentions wants to take advantage of it and scheme against me, there would be a big trouble!" He Zhenghao's complexion worsened the more he thought about it.

"Fellow Daoist He, there's no need to worry. I believe, at most, it will be treated as gossip during casual conversation. If someone truly wants to plot against you, they wouldn't casually reveal it like this. It's more likely they would directly report it to the higher-ups in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance." Li Fan consoled him.

"Nevertheless, just to be safe, fellow Daoist, you should refrain from such activities in the future." Li Fan advised.

He Zhenghao sighed and nodded.

Then, Li Fan pretended to be very curious and asked, "Since you know that helping mortal trespassers has considerable risks, why did you do it before? Could it be that the benefits involved were so great that you disregarded life and death?"

He Zhenghao smiled bitterly, "There wasn't much profit involved. A single world makes two or three thousand contribution points every ten years. It's just a slow accumulation over time."

Li Fan pretended to be surprised, "Fellow Daoist, are you lacking in contribution points to this extent? You would still covet such a small amount?"

He Zhenghao blushed, "Who wouldn't want more contribution points? Besides, I also have my difficulties."

Then, He Zhenghao explained the advantages and disadvantages of his cultivation technique and his plans to change to another Nascent Soul technique.

Li Fan shook his head, "If you've only reached Foundation Establishment mid stage after a hundred years of cultivation, then indeed, this technique isn't worth it. It's better not to cultivate it!"

"Fellow Daoist He, you've made a bold decision to change your cultivation technique midway. Although the cost is significant, it seems worthwhile!"

"I support you!"

"I wonder how many contribution points you are short of exchanging for the Nascent Soul technique?"

He Zhenghao sighed, "The Nascent Soul technique I want to exchange for is extraordinary. It not only requires a hundred thousand contribution points, but also a certain level of authority to search for and exchange it."

"My authority has reached a sufficient level, but accumulating enough contribution points will still take about ten more years."

Li Fan nodded, thinking, "So, the list of cultivation techniques I saw in the Tianxuan Mirror was incomplete."

"Ten thousand contribution points, indeed, it's a considerable sum. In the over a month since I joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, I have come to understand the difficulty of accumulating contribution points. I heard that fish gambling is a one-night opportunity for sudden wealth, so I went to try my luck. Sigh..." Li Fan sighed, looking troubled.

"Fish gambling? Hehe, I used to be obsessed with it too. But it's been a long time since I participated in it."

He Zhenghao solemnly said, "Let me give you a word of advice; it's better to touch this thing less. You and I simply don't have the foresight and luck. Going there would just be giving away money for nothing!"

Li Fan agreed, "Fellow Daoist, you speak the truth."

Then, Li Fan changed the subject and said, "Thinking about it, I feel that the investment method you mentioned earlier suits me better..."

He Zhenghao's face lit up, "Hehe, fellow Daoist, you have a good eye to realize this so quickly, unlike me, who wasted half a lifetime before finally finding a stable way to make money."

"Don't worry, when the next big profit opportunity comes, I won't forget you!"

Li Fan, however, directly stated, "No need to wait for the next time. There is a big money-making opportunity right now!"

"Oh? There's such a thing?" He Zhenghao sensed that something was amiss but still asked.

"Hehe, I won't hide it from you. Since you mentioned the investment method to me last time, I've been studying it in my free time. After a month, I feel like I've mastered the key points. If you want to profit from price fluctuations, the most convenient item is the Spirit Mist Grass."

"The price has been fluctuating between 18-22 contribution points per plant throughout the year. If I buy a large quantity of Spirit Mist Grass at 18 contribution points per plant and then sell it all when it reaches 22 contribution points per plant, I can easily make a big profit, right?" Li Fan confidently explained.

"Well... the logic behind it is indeed correct." He Zhenghao, after listening to Li Fan's explanation, couldn't find any flaws and could only nod in agreement.

Li Fan slapped his hands together, "Now is the best time to buy! For some reason, the price of Spirit Mist Grass has been slowly declining during this period. Now it has dropped to 18 contribution points! Isn't it the lowest price now? If you don't buy now, when will you?"

He Zhenghao was also excited by Li Fan's words, "Makes sense!"

Immediately, he took out a Tianxuan Minor Mirror from somewhere, and after a light tap with his finger, the price of Spirit Mist Grass appeared.

"It really dropped to 18 contribution points!" he exclaimed in joy.

Then he praised Li Fan quite appreciatively, "Fellow Daoist, your business intuition is quite keen!"

"No! How did it drop to 18 points?" Suddenly, He Zhenghao realized something was wrong, and his face changed.

"I bought it at 20 contribution points initially and never sold it. Now it dropped again?"

Li Fan hurriedly said, "Hey, fellow Daoist, no need to panic. As the saying goes, when things reach their extremes, they can only reverse. The price of Spirit Mist Grass has been steadily declining, reaching the limit. Next, it's likely to undergo a rebound. Perhaps, it might even rise to 23 points in one go. The price is so low now, it's a perfect opportunity to increase our holdings!"

"Reasonable! Reasonable! Increase our holdings, we must increase our holdings!" He Zhenghao agreed deeply.

"Ah, it's a pity that I lost most of my contribution points during fish gambling. I don't know, fellow Daoist, if you could lend..." Li Fan hadn't finished speaking, but He Zhenghao shook his head repeatedly, "No, no. As you saw last time, I only have a little over a thousand contribution points left, and I can't spare any more to lend you."

Li Fan looked disappointed, "If I miss this chance for a big profit, I'll feel unwilling!"

He Zhenghao looked at Li Fan, seemingly wanting to say something but hesitating.

Li Fan, however, saw through him at a glance and said joyfully, "Fellow Daoist, what do you want to tell me?"

He Zhenghao still didn't speak.

Li Fan said solemnly, "If fellow Daoist could help me this time, I will repay this debt in the future."

"I have a premonition that I am not far from breaking through to perfect Foundation Establishment. I'm about to prepare for Golden Core."

"Collecting contribution points is urgent. If I miss this opportunity, who knows how long I'll have to wait!"

Perhaps the last two sentences convinced He Zhenghao. He hesitated for a while, then finally took out a dark green jade token and handed it to Li Fan.

Whispering, he said, "If fellow Daoist really wants to seize this opportunity, take this token and go to the outermost part of Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance Island, find a shop called the 'Clear Wind Hall.'"

"Once inside the shop, don't say anything, just show this token."

"If someone asks, just say that I recommended you."

"On the surface, Clear Wind Hall is a shop selling various sundries, but secretly, it provides loans of contribution points, cultivation techniques, and various other supplies."

...

Li Fan listened to He Zhenghao's words and smiled slightly in his heart.

It's you.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 170: Clear Wind Blows on the Spirit Tree


Previously, when Mingyue Palace was uprooted by that black-clothed Dao Integration cultivator, there were many other similar organizations also destroyed.

Li Fan speculated at the time that these organizations might not have appeared in imitation of the flourishing lending business of Mingyue Palace. Instead, these organizations were likely originally engaged in other lending-related businesses.

After seeing the huge profits generated by Mingyue Palace annually, they couldn't help but imitate its methods.

If there were such organizations in Yuandao Province, there should naturally be similar organizations in the Congyun Sea.

If you want to get rich, you can't do without leverage.

Li Fan planned to take advantage of the large fluctuations in the price of Spirit Mist Grass to make a hefty profit. Naturally, he needed the help of these lending organizations.

But whether it was in the past or in this world, Li Fan, after inquiring in various ways, couldn't find any trace of them.

Apparently, this organization was very cautious in its actions.

So, Li Fan came to inquire about it from He Zhenghao.

Sure enough, He Zhenghao did not disappoint him.

"Before you go to Clear Wind Hall, it's best to reconsider."

"They won't lend you contribution points for nothing. You need to pay an exorbitant interest of eighteen percent every year."

"If you make a profit, this interest can be quickly paid off. If you make a loss..."

He Zhenghao's eyelids jumped, "I'm afraid you'll have to work for those guys for free for more than ten years."

Li Fan arched his hand, "Fellow Daoist, I understand. But rest assured, I know what I'm doing."

"I won't bother you anymore. We'll talk again next time."

With that, Li Fan used the teleportation array to return to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

He headed straight to Clear Wind Hall.

In a corner of the outermost area of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, he finally found it.

It was inconspicuous and indistinguishable from an ordinary small shop.

Li Fan activated a Concealing Form Talisman and walked in.

An old man who looked quite sloppy was sleeping on a recliner behind the counter.

When a customer came in, he didn't even open his eyes, still swaying the chair with his eyes closed.

Following He Zhenghao's instructions, Li Fan took out the jade token.

"Ding, ding, ding."

The old man knocked on the counter three times.

The emerald green jade token emitted a faint light, forming a door.

Li Fan looked around for a moment. Then he walked into the door.

His figure disappeared, and the green door disappeared with him.

As for the old man, there was no change in his posture from beginning to end.

It seemed as if no one had ever been to this Clear Wind Hall.

The surroundings first fell into darkness, then lit up again.

Li Fan looked around and found himself under a large tree.

The concealment effect of the talisman he had just activated was unexpectedly lifted instantly.

The branches were luxuriant, and the leaves were like jade, emitting a shiny luster.

On the trunk of the tree, a human face appeared.

It stared at Li Fan and asked, "Who introduced you, and what brings you here?"

Li Fan faced the tree face and said loudly, "I was introduced by He Zhenghao, the guardian of Liuli Island. I want to borrow from your Clear Wind Hall."

The tree face's reaction seemed a bit slow.

After Li Fan finished speaking, it took a long time before it replied, "Late Foundation Establishment cultivator, the upper limit for borrowing is thirty thousand contribution points."

"Annual interest rate of sixteen percent, you can choose the repayment method yourself."

"The maximum overdue period is no more than ten years."

...

The tree face slowly introduced the business of Clear Wind Hall to Li Fan, one sentence at a time.

After finishing, Li Fan expressed some dissatisfaction, "How can I only borrow thirty thousand contribution points in total? It's not enough."

"I'm a Foundation Establishment cultivator at twenty-nine years old with a bright future. Can't you give me more preferential treatment?"

The tree face tried to widen its eyes and carefully stared at Li Fan.

After observing for a while, it said, "You can borrow a maximum of forty thousand contribution points."

Li Fan was a bit impatient, "You only added ten thousand contribution points? That's too stingy!"

"When I was in Yuandao Province, I was only at the mid Foundation Establishment stage. I could borrow seventy to eighty thousand contribution points at once from Mingyue Palace!"

"Why is your Clear Wind Hall so much worse?"

"Tree, can you make decisions? Otherwise, let's talk to someone who can."

Li Fan said in a casual manner but discreetly glanced in a certain direction.

The branches above swayed without wind, and the green leaves rustled, making a shushing sound.

The tree face stared at Li Fan expressionlessly.

Li Fan, also unfazed, stared back at the tree face.

After a while, the tree face slowly spoke, "Fifty thousand, no more."

Li Fan looked very regretful, then said, "Oh, by the way. I don't want to borrow contribution points; I want to borrow Spirit Mist Grass. Can you lend that?" He blinked, staring at the tree face.

An invisible wind seemed to intensify.

The branches and leaves shook more violently.

"Yes. If borrowing items, no interest will be charged. It will be based on the quantity borrowed," the tree face said grimly.

"In the first year, the repayment amount is calculated at 130% of the borrowed amount."

"In the second year, it's 160%."

"In the third year, it's 200%."

"You can only borrow for a maximum of three years."

Li Fan was shocked, "So high?"

But seeing the tree face's unpleasant expression, he immediately chose to keep quiet.

He started negotiating again, "If borrowing items, can you lend me more?"

The tree face ignored Li Fan.

Seeing this, Li Fan could only regretfully give up.

"How much Spirit Mist Grass can I borrow now?" he asked.

"Two thousand seven hundred plants," the tree face grunted.

Li Fan muttered a few words, not knowing what he was saying.

"Alright! I'll borrow it! What procedures do I need to go through?" Li Fan seemed to have made up his mind.

A green leaf floated down from above and landed in front of Li Fan. Taking it in his hand, a stream of information instantly appeared in his mind.

It was exactly the agreement Li Fan had just made with the tree face.

"If you agree, use your spiritual power to refine this green leaf."

Li Fan nodded, then used his spiritual power to envelop the green leaf.

The green leaf was instantly refined, and a nearly invisible green leaf pattern appeared on the inside of Li Fan's left arm.

"After repaying the debt, the leaf contract will naturally disappear."

"Wait a moment, and I will send you the borrowed Spirit Mist Grass."

After saying this, the tree face disappeared from the tree, and Li Fan took the opportunity to lift his head and observe the large tree.

The strength of the tree face felt a bit strange to him.

It was obviously stronger than a Nascent Soul True Lord but weaker than the Soul Transformation True Monarch by quite a bit.

Moreover, there were no traces of formations in this space, as if it was naturally formed.

Li Fan looked around with interest.

After a while, the tree face reappeared.

It opened its mouth and spit out a storage ring.

"All the Spirit Mist Grass is inside."

"Transaction completed, you can leave."

"Remember to repay the debt on time, or..."

Before Li Fan could speak, the tree face expelled him from this space.

Under the big tree, strands of green light gathered to form a blurry green figure.

"Borrowing so much Spirit Mist Grass? Interesting."

A crisp female voice came from within.

"Could it be that the price of Spirit Mist Grass will still drop?"

"Ah Liu, pay attention to it."

The tree face responded grimly, "Yes, Miss."

"Miss, that guy just now was really annoying."

The green figure let out a light laugh, "Indeed, quite annoying."

"But, which faction is Mingyue Palace a part of? Why have I never heard of it?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 171: Nothing New


After leaving Clear Wind Hall with 2,700 Spirit Mist Grass, Li Fan wandered around the vicinity, hoping to find some hidden small lending organizations.

Unfortunately, his wish was not fulfilled.

Li Fan returned to the Tianxuan Mirror, silently calculating.

"The price of Spirit Mist Grass will rise to 25 contribution points soon, and I need to sell all of it before that happens."

"After the news of the discovery of the Wood Attribute Subworld spreads, the price will collapse. It will stabilize only after dropping to 6 contribution points."

"By then, I can buy 3,510 plants and return them to Clear Wind Hall."

"With one round trip, I can earn about 40,000 contribution points."

"Tsk tsk, so little."

"Making money is still too difficult..."

Accustomed to units of 100,000 contribution points, the growth of a mere thirty or forty thousand points didn't seem like much.

However, accumulating capital at the beginning is often the most difficult. Once it reaches a certain level, the wealth will start snowballing, and the growth of wealth will become faster and faster.

"In this life, expanding the business of breakthrough loaning like before seems impossible. It seems that the strict control of the number of cultivators is the reason for the intense reaction from the cultivation world. The power of Dao Integration is not something I can contend with at my current level." Li Fan contemplated carefully.

"The 400,000 contribution points from Zhang Zhiliang can't be given up."

"In this life, someone still needs to push the cultivators of Ten Thousand Immortals Island to fight against the Crimson Flame."

"However, maybe I can change the target."

The figure of a chubby man suddenly appeared in Li Fan's mind.

"Zhang Haobo has great luck but isn't infallible. He can use the strength of the desperate struggle of the Cong Yun Sea to kill the Crimson Flame, and successfully reach."

"However, facing the upcoming Ink Death, he mustered no resistance at all and was killed."

"His luck had run out, and his life disappeared."

"If his luck was a bit stronger, would the ending be different?"

"Of course, the most important thing is that I have already comprehended the Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords. Zhang Haobo will be useless to me if he emerges again."

"However, Ye Feipeng has a peculiar fate. If he is given enough help, maybe he can give me a surprise."

"Complemented with 'Mountain Meditation Technique'..."

"I wonder, if he succeeds in entering Dao Integration, how much cultivation feedback he can provide? Can he push me to the Golden Core realm?"

"Of course, guiding this person must be done in a different way. If Zhang Haobo was moved by emotion, then this person must be tempted by interest."

After some planning, Li Fan had a clear idea.

The reason he chose a proxy to carry out the Dao Integration was because the risks involved were too high. If even the black-clothed Dao Integration could almost freeze Li Fan's thoughts, Ink Death, whose strength was obviously superior, would be even more formidable. Even Zhang Haobo, who had just entered Dao Integration, couldn't react in time and was killed. How could Li Fan ensure that he would be an exception?

There was a probability of success, but there was also a high probability of being killed. Once he failed, there would be no chance for a comeback.

Li Fan had no reason to take such a risk.

"I can wait for the dust to settle after the Spirit Mist Grass incident and then go to the Dali world."

"Now..."

Li Fan searched for information on how to work for the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Soon, a pile of information appeared.

There were several ways to take up a position within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The first method was to participate in the assessment held by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance every ten years.

In order to participate in the assessment, one must meet several conditions, such as being a member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for at least thirty years, having a cultivation level at Foundation Establishment or above, and possessing great talent, among other requirements.

In simple terms, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance does not accommodate idle or useless individuals.

The second method is to have a high-ranking cultivator within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance serve as a guarantor, recommending a junior cultivator for a position. After a three-year probationary period, they can be formally appointed.

In simple terms, Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance does not accommodate idle or useless individuals unless there is someone influential vouching for them.

The third method is more unique. It involves completing specific tasks, such as assassinating a key figure in the Five Elders Association or accomplishing a critical mission.

It is said that Zhou Qingang, the guardian of Tai'an Island, officially joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance through this method.

Li Fan was particularly interested in what He Zhenghao mentioned about increasing permissions to a certain level, which allows the purchase of techniques that were previously inaccessible.

Li Fan discovered that the conventional techniques offered by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for exchange had limited power. Possibly to restrict the combat capabilities of ordinary cultivators in Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the techniques Li Fan saw in the Tianxuan Mirror throughout these lifetimes were not particularly profound.

Not to mention matching the Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords, even techniques comparable to the Sea Fixing Sword Technique were rarely seen.

However, Li Fan thought this was reasonable. If powerful techniques were widespread, ordinary cultivators would gain the ability to overthrow the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Wouldn't it be like turning the world upside down? There had to be some limitations.

For people under the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's employ, treatment was naturally different. As long as their permissions were sufficient, all kinds of profound techniques were available.

The benefits didn't need to be elaborated. Li Fan carefully examined the special reward tasks.

As he looked, Li Fan furrowed his brows. The reason he hadn't paid attention to these tasks before was that he didn't have any understanding of them. However, he quickly discovered something suspicious.

Only a few of these tasks had actual reward value, such as tracking a spy within the Five Elders Association or eliminating a traitor within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

But the majority of tasks seemed to have a very strong...

Customized nature?

As if they were specially created reward tasks for a particular cultivator.

For example, one of the tasks Li Fan saw was particularly peculiar.

Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's Hall of Heavenly Secrets needed to recruit a cultivator surnamed Wu between the ages of 123 and 130. This cultivator should cultivate a fire attribute technique and be at the Foundation Establishment mid stage.

It was almost like calling someone out by name, directly specifying the candidate.

Li Fan was no stranger to such practices.

However, he didn't expect the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to develop to this extent.

After a thorough examination, Li Fan did not find a suitable task for himself. The ten-year assessment had just ended not long ago.

Without any other options, Li Fan once again inquired with the ever-reliable fellow Daoist He.

He Zhenghao responded promptly as always.

"Does fellow Daoist want to officially join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance? Well, that might be a bit difficult. Mainly because fellow Daoist has only recently joined Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"But, there is still a way."

"I have some friendship with Master Gong Boyu, who is a master of formations. He has some positions available for formation maintenance personnel every year."

"You just need to spend a bit of contribution points to obtain this position."

"By working diligently in this position for one or two years, you can then establish connections and transfer to other positions."

"Hehe, but this is a secret. Be careful not to spread the word."

"It might result in a negative impact."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 172: Joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance


"So, these positions are openly traded? Isn't there anyone regulating this?" Li Fan replied, feigning astonishment.

"Regulate? Who would regulate it? The Soul Transformation True Monarchs, perhaps?" He Zhenghao counter-questioned.

"Those two on Ten Thousand Immortals Island seem much more honorable in handling such matters than the people below."

"Cough..." He Zhenghao paused and then explained to Li Fan.

"Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is highly autonomous in each state. As long as you don't violate the rules of the alliance and don't disturb the Law Enforcement Hall, the headquarters won't bother with the affairs of the various branches."

"In any case, the trade and distribution of resources within the alliance have to go through the Tianxuan Mirror. Everything is under control, and there won't be any major chaos."

"In that case, is the Law Enforcement Hall the most influential? Do you know how one can join it? Even if it requires more contribution points, I am willing." Li Fan inquired, recalling the Foundation Establishment Law Enforcer Wan who chased him in the eleventh lifetime.

"The personnel of the Law Enforcement Hall in each state are directly appointed by the headquarters. It's quite difficult for fellow Daoist to join the Law Enforcement Hall." He Zhenghao tactfully replied.

"Many cultivators aspire to become law enforcers, and the competition is fierce. It's hard to even apply." He Zhenghao sighed. "The only reliable way is the ten year assessment. Back then, I also aspired to become a law enforcer, but the requirements were too strict, and I wasn't selected. In the end, I could only settle for becoming an island guardian."

"Otherwise, I wouldn't be worrying about techniques now. You know, law enforcers can freely select and cultivate techniques." He Zhenghao enviously said.

"Such a good deal?" Li Fan was somewhat surprised.

"Of course. Law enforcers face various ruthless thieves every day, and the risk of dying is not small. It's normal to have better benefits." He Zhenghao said matter-of-factly.

"In fact, being a formation maintenance personnel is not bad either. Fellow Daoist doesn't have to fixate on becoming a law enforcer. There's a fixed reward every year, and you can also learn formation knowledge for free under the guidance of the Formation Master. All you need to do is help repair the island guardian formations of the Cong Yun Sea."

"Do you want to consider it? For just ten thousand contribution points, I can help lobby for you." He Zhenghao asked with a tempting tone.

Li Fan, however, asked again, "I wonder if you're familiar with Master Zhang Zhiliang? I heard that this person is generous and has exceptional proficiency in formations, being considered the number one in the Cong Yun Sea. If I become a formation maintenance personnel, it might be better to follow him."

He Zhenghao looked a bit surprised, "Generous? Fellow Daoist, where did you hear that? This person's temperament is a bit peculiar."

"But, his proficiency in formations is indeed remarkable. Following him might indeed yield greater gains."

"I can't guarantee this matter, but I can try my best." He Zhenghao honestly said.

"Fellow Daoist, just go ahead with it. Whether it succeeds or not, I will remember the favor." Li Fan boasted, "You don't need to worry about contribution points. After borrowing contribution points from the Clear Wind Hall and stocking up on Spirit Mist Grass, I still have some leftovers. It should be enough for this matter."

He Zhenghao said upon hearing this, "Since fellow Daoist says so, then I will do my best. Fellow Daoist, wait for my good news!"

After expressing his gratitude, Li Fan ended the communication with the sentiment, "Fellow Daoist He is truly a good comrade."

"Free techniques, ten year assessment..." Li Fan pondered for a moment and began searching for relevant information in the Tianxuan Mirror.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance entry assessment was held every ten years, and the last assessment was about half a year ago.

Depending on the desired position, the assessment content varied.

The assessment took place in the Tianxuan Mirror, eliminating the possibility of favoritism or cheating.

The results were immediately released after the assessment, and participants would lose their memory of the assessment content upon leaving the Tianxuan Mirror.

This prevented anyone from taking advantage of the situation to profit.

...

"It's really rigorous!" Li Fan marveled, "Next time the assessment opens, I should go and broaden my horizons."

Li Fan continued searching for the impressions of Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators regarding the assessment and found that "difficult," "unreasonable," and "corrupt" had become the consensus among the majority of cultivators.

"You have a new image transmission, please check it promptly."

While Li Fan was engrossed in his search, the prompt from the Tianxuan Mirror suddenly sounded.

"Huh?"

Li Fan was a bit puzzled, so he opened the image, and a man in a green robe suddenly appeared.

"Hello, young friend. I am Chen Ying from the Medicine Hall."

"I wonder, where did you discover those two Blue Blood Corals you provided last time?"

"After successfully refining the Ice Intent Heartless Pill this time, I found that the efficacy of the pill was unexpectedly stronger than the ones I previously refined."

"There were no other changes. After much thought, the only unexpected factor was these two Blue Blood Corals you provided."

"So, I refined another batch with different Blue Blood Corals, and indeed, the effect of enhanced efficacy disappeared."

"The quality of the Blue Blood Corals you provided is much higher than the conventional varieties."

"I want to go to their growth place to investigate. Perhaps I can discover something."

"Regardless of the result, if you truthfully tell me, I will certainly reward you."

...

After the image disappeared and without an immediate reply, Li Fan fell into contemplation.

Recalling the process of harvesting the Blue Blood Corals before, Li Fan did not perceive anything special about those two locations at the time.

"Could it be that I was negligent?" Li Fan thought for a moment and decided to make another trip to see what was going on.

To prevent this Medicine Hall Chen Ying from tracking him, Li Fan specifically bought a "Disappearance Talisman" in the Tianxuan Mirror.

It was an upgraded version of the "Concealing Form Talisman" and could shield against the prying eyes of Nascent Soul realm cultivators.

After activating the Disappearance Talisman, Li Fan returned to the vicinity of Mist Crow Island, where the underwater ruins containing the Blue Blood Coral were.

With Li Fan having taken away the corals, the once vibrant place had lost its former vitality.

However, in the crevices of the collapsed ruins, one or two fish swam by occasionally.

"There doesn't seem to be anything special." Li Fan explored the area but still couldn't find anything unusual.

Even when Li Fan used the Formless Killing Intent to lock onto a fish in the ruins and observed it closely through the Vision of Heaven and Earth, the result remained the same.

Next, Li Fan went to the underwater deep valley where he found the second Blue Blood Coral.

Still, nothing out of the ordinary.

"As a Nascent Soul cultivator and an elder of the Medicine Hall, he shouldn't be joking with me."

"So, is it because my cultivation is not high enough to perceive it?"

At present, it seemed to be the only explanation.

Li Fan then returned to the Tianxuan Mirror and contacted Chen Ying.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 173: Fallen Immortal Realm


"Senior, I can truthfully disclose the collection locations of those two Blue Blood Corals. As for the reward, it doesn't matter to me. However, after the investigation, could you inform me of the results?"

"I consider myself to have a decent judgment most of the time, but I never expected to overlook something so valuable. If I don't understand the reason behind it, I can't help but feel regret."

Li Fan messaged Chen Ying through the Tianxuan Mirror.

Before long, Chen Ying replied, "Hehe, it's just my speculation for now. Young friend, you don't need to worry too much. We still need to confirm on-site before drawing any final conclusions. If you don't mind, you can come with me."

Looking at Chen Ying's invitation, Li Fan immediately searched for information about him.

Chen Ying, Nascent Soul early-stage cultivator, elder of the Medicine Hall, highly skilled in cultivating spirit plants, and equally proficient in alchemy.

"Go together..."

"This person should have no ill intentions. Besides, he is only at the Nascent Soul early stage."

"If he really discovers some secret and wants to silence me, I should have the ability to defend myself, especially with the 'Blood Essence of Ten Thousand People' as my trump card."

Having killed a Nascent Soul cultivator, his mindset had become different. Adding to this, there was also the "Blood Essence of Ten Thousand People," so even if the other party attempted betrayal, Li Fan still had the power to resist.

"What do I wish for?"

After contemplating for a while, Li Fan replied in this manner.

"Good! There's no time to waste; let's depart immediately. I'll be waiting for you at the Transmission Square."

"By the way, for safety's sake, I will change into a completely different appearance."

"When you call me later, just call me 'Ying Chen.'"

"Remember to conceal yourself when traveling. This is a 'Disappearance Talisman' I often use, which can hide your cultivation and prevent others from tracking you. Remember to carry it with you and activate it."

Chen Ying sent another face with a completely different appearance and a Disappearance Talisman.

"This person..." Li Fan muttered to himself.

To be on the safe side, Li Fan spent three thousand contribution points in the Tianxuan Mirror to buy a random teleportation necklace.

Then he headed straight to the Transmission Square.

After scanning the area, he saw the transformed Chen Ying.

Approaching him, Li Fan arched his hand, "Is it Fellow Daoist Ying Chen?"

Chen Ying smiled slightly, "Exactly! There's no time to waste; let's set off. Please lead the way!"

Li Fan nodded, and without hesitation, he went in front of the Mist Crow statue in Transmission Square.

Activating the transmission array, the two of them arrived at Mist Crow Island.

The black-robed guardian on the island still had a cold expression.

Ignoring him, the two went straight to the ruins under Li Fan's guidance.

"Senior, this is the place." After reaching their destination, Li Fan informed Chen Ying.

At the same time, he moved to the side, on high alert.

Chen Ying surveyed the continuous ruins at the bottom of the sea, squinting his eyes.

Then, a misty and ethereal scene, like countless spirit plants growing, enveloped his body.

Under the cover of the extraordinary vision, Li Fan felt an omnipresent but elusive pressure, making him increasingly nervous. The Cong Yun Sea Sword, Heaven Overturning Palm, and random teleportation necklace were all ready to be unleashed.

After a while, Chen Ying retracted the extraordinary vision.

Shaking his head, he said, "Not here, it should be another place."

Li Fan instantly breathed a sigh of relief, "That place is not far from here, at the bottom of the deep valley in the sea."

Li Fan continued leading the way.

It didn't take long for the two to reach their destination.

Li Fan remained on high alert, moving to the side, while Chen Ying released the extraordinary vision again and carefully sensed it.

After a long time, Chen Ying showed a joyful expression.

"Well done, it's right here!"

"Previously, an extremely cold force descended here. The Blue Blood Coral only absorbed a slight trace of it, and its efficacy increased so much!"

Chen Ying closed his eyes slightly, his expression intoxicated.

"Just by sensing this residual icy force, one can feel an unparalleled tranquility and peace in the heart."

"All distracting thoughts are eliminated."

"Such perfection, it seems to have been directly derived from the laws of heaven and earth."

"Wonderful, wonderful."

...

While Chen Ying was talking, he stood still as if entering a state of enlightenment.

Seeing him describe this place so mysteriously, Li Fan couldn't help but carefully comprehend it.

However, just like before, no matter how he tried, he couldn't sense anything special about this place.

"Ice-cold energy, dispelling distracting thoughts, the derivation of laws..."

Li Fan muttered to himself, suddenly realizing something.

His expression became strange.

He recalled the scene when he obtained this Blue Blood Coral.

A large octopus greedily clung to the Blue Blood Coral.

Countless tentacles entwined the coral, holding onto it tightly.

Any creature daring to approach would provoke the octopus's angry attacks.

At that time, in order not to damage this treasure worth three thousand contribution points, Li Fan used Insect Binding to restrain the enraged octopus. However, he did not choose to use the Cong Yun Sea Sword or Heaven Overturning Palm. Instead, he summoned the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit and froze it into an ice sculpture, then effortlessly shattered it.

The octopus ice sculpture turned into countless fragments, disappearing on the seabed.

Li Fan then casually collected the Blue Blood Coral.

So...

The "cold force" that Chen Ying mentioned, which enhanced the efficacy of the Blue Blood Coral, could it be the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit?

The more he thought about it, the more possible it seemed. Li Fan couldn't help but find it somewhat amusing.

No wonder, no matter how he investigated, he couldn't find anything special.

It turns out he had created a misunderstanding.

He thought he might encounter some great opportunity.

Unexpectedly, the opportunity turned out to be himself.

As his doubts dissipated, Li Fan looked at Chen Ying, who was comprehending in a carefree manner, without any defense.

He felt somewhat strange in his heart.

If this person is cautious, why would he cultivate in front of other cultivators like this?

Even if Li Fan appeared to be an ordinary late Foundation Establishment cultivator on the surface and couldn't pose a substantial threat to him, having the cultivation process interrupted would still be troublesome.

However, Chen Ying didn't care at all.

He had been quite cautious before, changing his appearance and concealing his name.

Li Fan even thought he might be planning to take action in some remote place, secretly making a move on Li Fan.

As a result, it turned out to be a false alarm.

Nevertheless, despite this observation, Li Fan remained vigilant.

He was still prepared to use his two powerful techniques and the teleportation item at any time.

He was afraid that the person's surface image was just a disguise.

Like this, more than half a day passed, and Chen Ying finally awakened from his enlightenment.

His eyes sparkled, his spirit surged, and joy overflowed in his words.

He exclaimed, "Excellent! With this realization, my exploration of the Fallen Immortal Realm will become more profound!"

Li Fan, on the side, listened and felt something stir in his heart.

"The Fallen Immortal Realm? Is that the secret realm he mentioned before?"

Chen Ying gradually retracted his aura, looking at Li Fan, who seemed to be deliberately keeping a distance to avoid disturbing his cultivation.

There was a hint of appreciation in his eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 174: Chen Ying Reveals the Secret Realm


TL Note: term change from Immortal God (the realm after Dao Integration, titled Immortal Venerable) to Longevity Immortal. The Immortal in "Fallen Immortal Realm" refers to the realm above that, which I'm tentatively naming the True Immortal realm, but this is subject to change. It's a little confusing, so I'm open to any suggestions if you guys have any; here are the raw characters for Longevity Immortal: 长生.

*****

"Senior, did you gain anything?" Li Fan asked from a distance.

"Hehe, not bad. The remaining ice spiritual energy here is extraordinary. Similar to the Ice Intent Heartless Pill I refine, it has effects such as calming the mind and stabilizing emotions," Chen Ying said, showing a proud expression. "Moreover, the level of this power surpasses that of the Ice Intent Heartless Pill. With this enlightenment, I am confident in improving the pill formula. I believe the refined Ice Intent Heartless Pill will have a significant enhancement in efficacy."

Envy appeared on Li Fan's face as he said, "Unfortunately, this junior has dull aptitude and couldn't sense the ice spiritual energy Senior mentioned. It's truly heartbreaking to be so close to such an opportunity and yet unable to comprehend it."

Chen Ying laughed, "The origin of this power is beyond the Nascent Soul level. As a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator, it's normal for you to fail to sense it."

"If I didn't frequently take the Ice Intent Heartless Pill and become familiar with similar powers, I'm afraid it would be challenging to perceive its traces."

Looking at Li Fan, Chen Ying consoled, "You played a significant role in this. I won't go back on my word. So, tell me, what reward do you want? Contribution points? Pills? Or something else?"

Li Fan's expression became serious, "This junior dares not be greedy. It's all up to Senior to decide!"

Chen Ying was very satisfied with Li Fan's attitude.

After pondering for a moment, he took out a Tianxuan Minor Mirror and transferred thirty thousand contribution points to Li Fan on the spot.

Then, he handed a talisman to Li Fan, saying, "Contribution points are more versatile. You can buy whatever you need in the Tianxuan Mirror. This is my Communication Talisman; if you have any alchemy needs in the future, you can contact me."

Chen Ying hesitated for a moment before saying, "Eh... however, recently, I might not be in the Cong Yun Sea. The headquarters found a closed-off subworld with dense wood attribute spiritual energy, suitable for cultivating various spirit plants. They've mobilized manpower to develop it. I received a notice, and I'm also going there. At that time, you might not be able to contact me."

Li Fan listened, realizing that this subworld was the culprit causing the drastic drop in the price of the Spirit Mist Grass. Moreover, it would likely affect the prices of most herbs and spirit plants in the market, leading to a sharp decline.

This was not the main point; the most astonishing fact was that this wood attribute subworld concealed another four subworlds nearby, forming a subtle formation.

This information later triggered a conflict between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association.

However, this classified information was casually revealed. Was this really appropriate?

Looking at Chen Ying, Li Fan felt somewhat amused.

It seemed that this person might truly lack cautiousness.

Following that, Chen Ying took out another Communication Talisman, saying, "This is the Communication Talisman of my assistant, Mu Rong. He is a mid Golden Core stage cultivator with excellent alchemy skills. When I'm not around, you can contact him. I'll inform him before I leave."

Li Fan put away the two talismans gratefully and said, "Thank you for your kindness, Senior. I won't forget your great favor!"

"Haha! Our meeting is also a form of fate. I find you quite pleasing, so I'll take care of you a bit more. As for great favors and such, there's no need to mention it!" Chen Ying waved his hand dismissively.

"Now that it's settled, I need to go back and study how to improve the pill formula. I won't linger here any longer."

After finishing his words, Chen Ying was about to leave.

"Senior, please wait!" Li Fan stopped him.

"Oh? Do you have something else?" Chen Ying was surprised.

Seeing Li Fan hesitate, uncertain whether to speak, he frowned and instructed, "Don't beat around the bush! Just say it!"

Li Fan observed Chen Ying's demeanor and roughly understood his personality.

"Just now, I heard Senior mention that the 'exploration of the Fallen Immortal Realm will be more profound.'"

Since the start of my cultivation journey, I have heard that there are supreme experts in this world who have reached the Dao Integration and Longevity Immortal realms.

However, I have never heard any rumors about genuine True Immortals. So, I am quite curious about the Fallen Immortal Realm you mentioned. I wonder, is it a place where a True Immortal has fallen?

Li Fan's eyes sparkled with infinite curiosity as he stared at Chen Ying.

"Oh, this matter?" Chen Ying realized.

Instead of immediately answering Li Fan's question, he asked, "What is your current cultivation level?"

Due to the activation of the Disappearance Talisman, Chen Ying couldn't determine Li Fan's true cultivation level.

"I am currently at the Foundation Establishment late stage," Li Fan truthfully replied.

"Foundation Establishment late stage..." Chen Ying pondered for a moment before continuing, "Normally, only cultivators at the Golden Core stage and above should be informed about this matter. However, since you are already at the Foundation Establishment late stage, you must be close to breaking through to the Golden Core stage."

"Knowing a bit in advance won't hurt."

After a pause, Chen Ying continued with a serious expression, "Just remember, knowing about the existence of the Fallen Immortal Realm is enough. Before advancing to the Golden Core stage, your spiritual consciousness is not strong enough, and you should never attempt to explore it. Otherwise, not only will your spiritual sense be damaged, but it may also harm the foundation of your cultivation. In severe cases, it may even hinder the formation of the Golden Core."

"Spiritual consciousness strength..." Li Fan repeated silently in his heart, nodding in agreement.

Then, he immediately reacted, showing some surprise, and asked, "So, I can also explore this Fallen Immortal Realm?"

Chen Ying chuckled, "Hehe, not only you, but all cultivators in the Xuanhuang Realm can enter and explore it on their own."

"However, the spiritual consciousness strength of a Golden Core stage cultivator is only enough for limited activities within the Fallen Immortal Realm. To truly explore freely, you'll have to wait until the Nascent Soul stage."

Li Fan became even more curious, "Where is this Fallen Immortal Realm located?"

Chen Ying, hands behind his back, sighed, "The Fallen Immortal Realm..."

"Is everywhere."

"Everywhere?" Li Fan was stunned.

"That's right." Chen Ying nodded. "Anywhere in the Xuanhuang Realm, through specific methods, you can enter the Fallen Immortal Realm at any time."

"But, only the spiritual sense enters; the physical body does not follow."

Li Fan furrowed his brows, "Could it be that the Fallen Immortal Realm is purely a realm of consciousness?"

"You can think of it that way. However, it has already transcended the boundaries of illusion and reality."

"In the Fallen Immortal Realm, the gains can truly be brought back to the Xuanhuang Realm."

"And dying in the Fallen Immortal Realm, at most, will only cause damage to the spiritual sense. It won't lead to a real demise."

"So, the Fallen Immortal Realm is the most explored mystery for cultivators at the Golden Core stage and above."

Li Fan immediately realized the value of the Fallen Immortal Realm.

"What exactly is in the Fallen Immortal Realm?" Li Fan couldn't help but ask.

"What's in there?" Chen Ying smiled.

He pointed around, "Whatever is here in this realm, you will find in the Fallen Immortal Realm."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 175: A Glimpse Reflecting Thousands of Years


Noting the confusion in Li Fan's eyes, without waiting for him to ask, Chen Ying began to explain.

"Why is it called the Fallen Immortal Realm?" Chen Ying asked rhetorically.

"It's because its formation is the result of an unimaginably powerful existence that took one last look at the Xuanhuang Realm before falling."

"At that time, everything in the Xuanhuang Realm was observed by this existence."

"After its fall, its lingering consciousness did not dissipate for a long time. After thousands of years of development and evolution, it finally formed the current Fallen Immortal Realm."

"The Fallen Immortal Realm is as vast as the Xuanhuang Realm, and even larger."

"The scenes of the past, thousands of years ago, were recorded by its last glance before falling."

"These vivid scenes continue to replay within it."

"All cultivators who enter it, in the face of the magnificent and miraculous wonders indistinguishable from the real world, will be shocked and moved by the immense power of that existence."

"This kind of power is probably something only the mythical True Immortals of ancient legends could achieve."

"Even though I have entered it countless times, every time I witness everything in the Fallen Immortal Realm, I still feel sincere awe."

"The shock within it is beyond words. Only when seen with your own eyes can you understand."

Chen Ying shook his head, deeply moved.

"A glimpse reflecting thousands of years, forming its own realm after the fall." Li Fan was also stunned by this incredible fact.

After a long silence, he couldn't help but think.

Just one glance before death, and it possessed such power.

How strong was this person during their lifetime?

How could such a figure fall?

Seemingly aware of Li Fan's doubts, Chen Ying sighed.

"Incredible, isn't it? Even such a powerful and incomprehensible figure can fall."

"One thought creates a world. Even the Immortal Ancestor may not be able to achieve this."

"So, everyone agrees that the one who fell back then was probably a True Immortal."

"Immortality? Is there really such a thing as immortality?" Li Fan couldn't help but ask.

Chen Ying was very confident. "Cultivating immortality cultivates immortality. If there was no immortality, what would our cultivation method be?"

"If you can go to the Fallen Immortal Realm and live there in the Xuanhuang Realm thousands of years ago, you will know that immortality is not just a vague concept."

"In many sects, there are paintings left depicting sect seniors breaking through the clouds and ascending during daylight."

"It is said that there are even some major sects that have preserved immortal treasures passed down by True Immortals, with infinite power."

"However, no one knows when the path to immortality was cut off. After reaching the Dao Integration, cultivation progress could no longer be made."

"Later on, in order to protect themselves, the ultimate goal of cultivators became longevity rather than ascension."

"This is also the origin of the Longevity Immortal realm."

Chen Ying sighed, "This history is too ancient. Even in the Fallen Immortal Realm thousands of years ago, these were just rumors. So, what happened back then, and why the path to immortality suddenly broke off, is already unknown."

Li Fan nodded slowly.

Next, Chen Ying explained in detail how to enter the Fallen Immortal Realm and what precautions to take when exploring it.

"Remember, don't attempt it until you reach the Golden Core realm!"

Before leaving, Chen Ying reminded once again.

Li Fan readily agreed.

Afterward, in a hurry to return, Chen Ying went back to study and improve the alchemical formula, taking the lead to return to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Li Fan also wasted no time and swiftly returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

Now that he knew about the miraculous existence of the Fallen Immortal Realm, how could Li Fan not try it?

After all, having experienced countless cycles of reincarnation, the strength of his spiritual consciousness was not something an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator could compare with.

However, for safety's sake, Li Fan conducted a test in the Tianxuan Mirror.

The surroundings changed, and suddenly, straw figures appeared.

Li Fan's spiritual sense, like arrows, fiercely shot toward these sequentially appearing straw figures.

Hit by the spiritual sense, the originally withered straw figures instantly changed color.

From yellow to green, then to blue.

After all the straw figures were dyed, they all disappeared collectively.

The scene was restored, and shortly afterward, the test results came out.

Li Fan's current spiritual sense intensity was equivalent to an ordinary cultivator in the later stage of the Golden Core Realm.

"Spiritual sense stronger than cultivation base by a major realm... " Li Fan wasn't too surprised.

"So, there is no worry about insufficient spiritual sense."

"In the Fallen Immortal Realm, the flow of time is not consistent with the real world. Moreover, even in different regions of the Fallen Immortal Realm, the speed of time varies."

"But overall, it is much faster than the real world."

"Every time you enter the Fallen Immortal Realm, the location is random."

"So, different encounters may happen."

"Some areas continually repeat the history of thousands of years ago, resetting the scenes within every period. Others have been evolving for thousands of years, forming various bizarre and wonderful changes."

"In short, it was originally a world transformed from the consciousness of a True Immortal before its fall. Therefore, anything unimaginable might happen in the Fallen Immortal Realm."

"There is no risk of dying. To bring back items obtained in the Fallen Immortal Realm to reality, certain conditions must be met."

"You can forcefully exit midway without any harm."

"However, similar to exiting after obtaining items, you need to wait for some time before entering the Fallen Immortal Realm again."

...

Unable to find new information about the Fallen Immortal Realm in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan had to silently repeat the exploration precautions mentioned by Chen Ying in his mind.

While doing so, he purchased more than a dozen sets of items needed for each entry into the Fallen Immortal Realm.

It wasn't that Li Fan was extravagant; these items were just too cheap.

In total, the cost didn't exceed two hundred contribution points.

Each set included four items:

A plain linen robe.

A full ear of rice.

A small and exquisite model of a house.

A lifelike miniature donkey cart.



Placing the four items in each corner, Li Fan took a deep breath. With the first step forward, facing the linen robe, he softly recited:

"Blessings bestowed by the Immortal Ancestor of Xuanhuang."

For the second step, turning toward the full ear of rice, he earnestly murmured:

"Blessings bestowed by the Immortal Lord of Xuanhuang."

The third step, looking at the delicate model house, holding his breath and whispering:

"Blessings bestowed by the Supreme Deity of Xuanhuang."

Finally, facing the seemingly loaded donkey cart, Li Fan exhaled and silently chanted:

"Blessings bestowed by the Celestial Sovereign of Xuanhuang."

As the ritual concluded, Li Fan felt the surroundings suddenly quiet down.

Even though there was no sound in the Tianxuan Mirror to begin with, he still sensed a silence that was different from the previous pure quietness.

Then, like the shattering of silver bottles, countless sounds reverberated in Li Fan's ears.

The cries of infants, the screams of ordinary people, the roars of cultivators...

Spells crisscrossed, mountains shook, and the wind and rain raged.

His vision turned black as if his head had been covered by a sack.

Li Fan instantly lost consciousness.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 176: Dreaming of the Purple Heaven Sect


"Junior Brother? Junior Brother?"

Everything around seemed to be separated by a layer of viscous transparent substance.

When the voice reached his ears, it became distorted and bizarre.

The person seemed to wave his hand.

As the scene entered Li Fan's eyes, it felt like a fierce beast launching an attack.

He was startled.

Li Fan subconsciously tried to counterattack but suddenly realized that his techniques, like the Cong Yun Sea Sword and Heaven Overturning Palm, couldn't be executed.

Cold sweat broke out involuntarily.

Then, words like "Fallen Immortal Realm," "ritual," "first exploration," and other terms flashed in Li Fan's mind.

As if emerging from underwater, the surroundings gradually became clear.

Light and sound returned to normal.

"Junior Brother? What are you thinking? Why have you been in a daze for so long?"

A young cultivator wearing a purple and white robe, with a purple lightning mark engraved between his eyebrows, was looking in Li Fan's direction.

"This is the first time you've gone down the mountain in eighteen years. Are you thinking about the fun places Senior Brother told you about before?"

"Don't worry. After our tasks are done, Senior Brother will take you to experience the Red Dust Pavilion and the Drunken Immortal Tower!"

The young cultivator winked mischievously; though he was a senior brother, he didn't look serious.

Li Fan slowly came to his senses at this moment.

"Purple Heaven Sect, Li Chen."

"Follow Senior Brother Zhang Qianmo down the mountain to Ningyuan City to collect the 'Longevity Fruits.'"

In an instant, several pieces of information appeared in Li Fan's mind.

"Senior Brother is joking; let's focus on the important matters!" Li Fan replied indifferently, following Li Chen's usual personality as stored in his memory.

"Ah, so boring!" Zhang Qianmo rolled his eyes, sighed, and lazily lay down, no longer paying attention to Li Fan.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Li Fan observed the surroundings.

Currently, he seemed to be on a purple cloud.

This purple cloud appeared to be a flying magical treasure, rapidly soaring in the sky.

There seemed to be a protective array surrounding the outer part of the purple cloud, blocking the gusts of wind.

Sitting on the purple cloud was comfortable and serene.

"Is this the Fallen Immortal Realm?"

Li Fan carefully sensed and revealed a look of amazement.

"It's actually a world derived from a thought before death? So lifelike..."

Li Fan touched the purple cloud beneath him, feeling the pervasive spiritual energy in the air.

"If it weren't for my previous memories, I would almost think I've transmigrated again."

After a long time, Li Fan suppressed the astonishment in his heart.

"Luckily, I have an original identity on the first entry."

Li Fan recalled the precautions Chen Ying explained.

After entering the Fallen Immortal Realm, it was possible to form a spiritual avatar for exploration.

It was also possible to directly occupy the body of the original creatures in the Fallen Immortal Realm and obtain their identity.

Each approach had its advantages and disadvantages.

The spiritual avatar could exert one's original strength and magical powers but lacked an identity, being a complete outsider.

Without knowledge of the surroundings, exploration and obtaining opportunities would be much more difficult.

Moreover, the spiritual avatar would be much more quickly "eroded."

Having the original identity significantly slowed down the erosion process, as there was an extra "shell" for protection.

This allowed for a longer stay in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Additionally, it enabled easy participation in specific events.

The downside was that the strength exerted could only be that of the occupied creature, and one had to be cautious, ensuring that familiar people didn't detect any anomalies.

Otherwise, they might be seen as usurpers, leading to ruthless pursuit.

Li Fan browsed through Li Chen's memories while adapting to this identity as quickly as possible.

At the same time, he sensed the consumption of spiritual energy.

Sure enough, even with the protection of the shell, Li Fan could distinctly feel his spiritual energy being eroded.

Intensity hasn't changed, but the overall amount is gradually decreasing.

"When the spiritual consciousness is completely eroded, one will be forced to exit the Fallen Immortal Realm."

"At this rate, it should only last for about half a month?"

Li Fan couldn't help but furrow his brow.

"No wonder Chen Ying said that only Golden Core stage cultivators can barely operate here. And I still have an original identity."

"If I were a spiritual avatar, I probably wouldn't last more than seven or eight days in this Fallen Immortal Realm."

"Well, I didn't expect any good gains on the first exploration. Let's consider it a learning experience."

With these thoughts, Li Fan checked the situation of Li Chen from the Purple Heaven Sect.

"I'm unfamiliar with this location. The Purple Heaven Sect is the largest cultivation sect within thousands of miles."

"Li Chen and Zhang Qianmo are both inner disciples of the Purple Heaven Sect, disciples of Primordial Nascent True Lord, Ling Yunzi."

"Li Chen is cultivating the technique 'Purple Heaven Royal Thunder.' Strength is at the late Foundation Establishment stage."

Li Fan searched for memories of the 'Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique' in his mind but could not recall anything.

Despite being at the late Foundation Establishment stage, there was no trace of Heavenly Treasures in his body.

The great calamity had not yet arrived, and both immortals and mortals could still cultivate together. There was no sign of Immortal-Mortal Miasma appearing.

"Is it at this point in time now?" According to Chen Ying, the time period in different regions of the Fallen Immortal Realm could be different.

At the moment Li Fan was in, the cultivation world seemed to be relatively peaceful.

Looking at it this way, Li Fan's start in this adventure was quite smooth.

With his thoughts fluctuating, he rested on the purple cloud for most of the day.

Li Fan and Zhang Qianmo were finally approaching their destination: Ningyuan City.

Zhang Qianmo yawned, stood up, and said with a smile, "Junior Brother, let's discuss something. I haven't seen my sweetheart for several years, and I can't wait any longer! So..."

He winked at Li Fan.

"I'll leave the small matter of collecting the 'Longevity Fruits' to you."

He patted Li Fan on the shoulder and, without waiting for a response, turned into a purple light and descended below.

"It's better to split up to avoid revealing any flaws."

Li Fan welcomed the suggestion, controlling the 'Purple Heaven Flying Cloud' to descend slowly.

"Which Senior Brother is visiting this time?" Before landing, a purple figure gradually approached.

The fluctuations of the technique emanating from the figure were extremely similar to the 'Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique,' though weaker by more than half.

As the person solidified, Li Fan looked over and saw a middle-aged man wearing a gray robe, seemingly at the Qi Condensation stage.

Seeming to recognize Li Fan, after seeing his face clearly, he cupped his hands and said, "So, it's Senior Brother Li in person. I hope you will forgive me for being unable to welcome you appropriately!"

At this moment, information about this person also flashed in Li Fan's mind.

"Song Hesong, an outer disciple of the Purple Heaven Sect, is in charge of affairs in Ningyuan City."

"Let's skip the pleasantries and focus on business. Take me to collect the 'Longevity Fruits.'" Li Fan, in accordance with Li Chen's usual style, had a cold expression and an arrogant demeanor.

Song Hesong didn't mind. After all, the gap between outer and inner disciples was enormous.

Moreover, this person was at the late Foundation Establishment stage.

Being able to call him Senior Brother was already an acknowledgment of the position Song Hesong held in charge of Ningyuan City affairs.

Without further delay, he respectfully guided Li Fan into Ningyuan City.

It seemed that there was an invisible barrier enveloping Ningyuan City.

After passing through it, Li Fan's gaze focused as he stared at the sky.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 177: Transforming Life and Yielding Longevity Fruits


In Ningyuan City, nearly three hundred thousand mortals resided. Above the heads of these mortals, an invisible barrier enveloped them.

"The Life Transformation Grand Formation..." Li Fan narrowed his eyes, sensing the occasional strands of vitality in the air.

"With such pure life energy, it's no wonder it can form the Longevity Fruits that enhance one's lifespan."

This pervasive vitality naturally came from the mortals living in Ningyuan City.

"I remember, in later generations, every branch of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had protective formations that extracted mortal essence, increasing the concentration of spiritual energy."

"But compared to the Life Transformation Grand Formation here, it is a great act of kindness."

Li Fan's divine sense swept across the mortals in Ningyuan City, noticing that there were very few elderly people.

"The Life Transformation Grand Formation can absorb the vitality of mortals. Mortals growing within the formation will experience a drastically shortened lifespan."

"Often, being able to live for forty to fifty years is already the limit."

"At this time, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma doesn't exist. In the eyes of cultivators, mortals are nothing more than livestock."

Li Fan's thoughts were racing, but he made no unnecessary moves.

Following Song Hesong, he arrived at the center of Ningyuan City.

Here, the life energy became even purer, concentrating into a faint green hue. It formed drifting tendrils that were slowly being absorbed by a large tree growing here.

On the branches of the tree hung three heavy fruits.

They were jade-green, crystalline, and emitted an enticing fragrance that made one's mouth water.

"Senior Brother, this is the Tree of Everlasting Life." Song Hesong took out a large seal and pressed it towards the front of the Tree of Everlasting Life.

At the same time, he uttered, "Dismiss!"

Around the Tree of Life, there seemed to be an invisible barrier.

The large seal and the barrier collided fiercely.

Dozens of beams of light surged out from the large seal and swiftly, like silver snakes, traversed the invisible barrier around the Tree of Everlasting Life.

"Senior Brother, please lend a hand!"

While Song Hesong struggled to maintain the large seal, he shouted.

Veins bulged on his forehead, indicating the tremendous effort he was putting in.

Seeing this, Li Fan didn't hesitate. He stretched out his hand, and a purple seal instantly appeared.

"Hurry!"

The purple seal was imprinted on the invisible barrier.

Dozens of purple light snakes rushed out of the seal, chasing the silver light snakes from before.

Each had its target and devoured them one by one.

After a moment, when the silver light snakes were completely absorbed, these dozens of purple light snakes emitted a faint fluorescence.

Then they flowed rapidly over the barrier.

On the invisible barrier, they formed an image of purple thunderclouds.

Now, following the instructions in his memory, Li Fan cast the Purple Heaven True Thunder, which could only be produced by practicing the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique.

Purple lightning flickered.

The invisible barrier burst open.

Li Fan activated the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique, and Purple Heaven spiritual energy shielded his whole body as he entered.

Arriving under the Tree of Everlasting Life, he looked up and admired the Longevity Fruits which were emitting a tempting fragrance.

"This batch has good quality."

"Just one of these small Longevity Fruits can increase one's lifespan by three hundred years."

Identifying the fruits according to the method in his memory, Li Fan couldn't help but feel deeply moved.

"It's said that the highest quality Longevity Fruits can extend lifespan by over a thousand years."

"Unfortunately, with the birth of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, it seems that this method of condensing Longevity Fruits has become ineffective."

"For later generations, these Longevity Fruits would undoubtedly be priceless treasures."

"I wonder if there's a way to bring these fruits back to reality."

Thinking about it, Li Fan slowly plucked the three Longevity Fruits from the tree and placed them in a specially made jade box.

"What should I do next? Should I send these Longevity Fruits back to the sect, or should I consume them myself?"

Li Fan hesitated for a moment.

According to Chen Ying, everything gained in the Falling Immortal Realm only existed within the realm itself.

To bring them back to reality, specific conditions needed to be met.

Moreover, these conditions varied, requiring personal exploration.

Furthermore, these conditions could change over time.

These conditions seemed to be related to the causalities around the items.

And each time he entered the Falling Immortal Realm, the location he appeared in would be different.

This meant that if he missed it this time, he might miss it forever.

This situation made Li Fan feel a sense of loss and anxiety.

However, soon Li Fan returned to normal.

"The greater the value of an item, the more demanding the conditions for taking it out should be. How could it be so easy for me to bring it back to reality?"

With a self-deprecating smile, Li Fan made a decision.

"I'll go back to the Purple Heaven Sect first and see if there's any chance. I just don't know if there's enough time."

At that moment, Li Fan left the protective barrier of the Tree of Everlasting Life, preparing to call Senior Brother Zhang and return to the Purple Heaven Sect.

"Boom!"

Just then, a loud sound suddenly echoed through Ningyuan City.

Li Fan's heart skipped a beat, and he looked in the direction of the sound.

"Chixia!" The sorrowful cry of Senior Brother Zhang came from afar.

"You seek death! Don't even think about leaving!" Accompanied by his furious voice, a black streak soared into the sky.

Immediately, Senior Brother Zhang transformed into purple light, chasing closely behind.

Li Fan suddenly felt a bad premonition.

He hurriedly followed.

Song Hesong also followed closely behind.

"Senior Brother, calm down! Be careful; there might be a trap!" Li Fan transmitted his voice through divine sense.

However, Senior Brother Zhang seemed to be consumed by anger, losing his rationality.

He paid no attention to Li Fan's advice.

Relentlessly chasing after the black light.

Flying to the high sky, the black light suddenly stopped.

Looking down at the desperate Senior Brother Zhang, a conspiratorial smile appeared on his face.

"Fellow Daoists, why not reveal yourselves!"

In an instant, three more figures appeared beside the black silhouette.

They formed a formation, tightly surrounding Senior Brother Zhang who had entered the encirclement.

"Senior Brother Zhang! Long time no see!"

The black figure laughed heartily, extremely pleased with himself.

Senior Brother Zhang now realized he had been tricked, his face darkening.

"Senior Brother? Do I know you?" He stared at the other side for a moment, a bit puzzled.

"You..." The black figure seemed to have suffered a great insult, becoming extremely agitated.

"By the virtue of your Thunder Spirit Root, you act so arrogantly! You don't even recognize Chu Liang, who once entered the sect with you and was humiliated by you!"

Senior Brother Zhang, upon hearing this, remembered something.

His body trembled, and he exclaimed, "You're Chu Liang? How is that possible!"

"You, who had no spiritual root and couldn't cultivate, were expelled from the sect, right?! How do you now have a Foundation Establishment cultivation?"

Chu Liang raised his head, laughing heartily, "You can't cultivate without a spiritual root? Yes, that was true in the past!"

"But now, the Immortal Ancestor has passed down a new method, and everyone can cultivate."

"Moreover, our cultivation speed is even faster than you old relics!"

"You, with your Thunder Spirit Root, started cultivating more than ten years ahead of me, yet you're still at the same level as me!"

Senior Brother Zhang's face showed an incredulous expression.

"Everyone can cultivate? That's nonsense!"

Chu Liang sneered, "Pitiful. Once you lose your proud cultivation qualifications, what do you have left?"

Then, he looked at Senior Brother Zhang viciously, "Back then, I knelt before your door for three days and nights, almost crippling my legs."

"I begged you to accept me and let me stay in the sect."

"You remained indifferent and even mocked and insulted me."

"The humiliation of that day will be washed away with your blood today!"

"Fellow Daoists, attack together!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 178: Ningyuan Encounters a Siege


"Senior Brother Li, it seems Senior Brother Zhang is caught in a heavy siege. Aren't you going to help him?" Song Hesong asked with a worried expression.

Recalling Senior Brother Zhang's strength from Li Fan's memories, he shook his head.

"Let alone four ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivators, even if someone at the early Golden Core stage comes, they might not be able to do anything to Senior Brother."

Hearing this, Song Hesong showed a strange expression, as if confirming Li Fan's words.

With a furious shout from Chu Liang, four rays of light simultaneously burst forth, about to bombard Senior Brother Zhang.

At this critical moment, a purple mirror suddenly appeared above his head, forming a protective barrier around him.

Instantly, the four rays of light were reflected back.

Chu Liang and the other three attacking Senior Brother Zhang did not anticipate this turn of events. Caught off guard, their own attacks hit them.

"A mere speck dares to shine brightly!" Senior Brother Zhang's purple lightning imprint between his eyebrows emitted a terrifying light.

Threads of purple lightning surrounded his body, exuding a formidable aura.

A menacing halberd, full of murderous intent, slowly manifested in Senior Brother Zhang's hands.

Pointing the halberd at Chu Liang and the others, he sneered, "Today, I will let you all see the difference between the true inheritance of a major sect and the miscellaneous practices of rogue cultivators!"

Before his words finished, Senior Brother Zhang flashed to the nearest enemy.

With a swing of his halberd, purple lightning resembling a dragon ruthlessly swallowed the opponent without mercy.

"Ah!"

The person only managed to let out a scream before disappearing in the raging purple light.

In an instant, one out of the four was gone.

The remaining few were unavoidably terrified.

Chu Liang shouted, "Fellow Daoist Song, why not take action now? What are you waiting for!"

Hearing this, Li Fan's expression changed.

Before he could react, he felt eight blood-red chains suddenly appear beside him, entwining him.

Then, a force completely surpassing the Foundation Establishment stage struck his back.

Similarly, a purple mirror appeared above his head, forming a shield that slightly reduced the force.

However, the force was too overwhelming. The protective light of the purple mirror only held for a moment before shattering into countless specks of starlight.

Taking a direct hit, Li Fan spat out a mouthful of blood, and his aura rapidly declined.

But the opponent was unrelenting.

Looking back, Li Fan saw Song Hesong, emotionless, wielding a blood-red giant hammer.

With majestic force, the hammer strikes continued, seemingly about to kill Li Fan on the spot.

At the critical moment of his death, a jade pendant on Li Fan's chest suddenly shattered.

A giant hand, entirely composed of purple lightning, formed from the fragments of the jade pendant.

With a single-handed seal, it locked onto Song Hesong.

Above his head, dark clouds gathered in an instant.

A massive purple thunderbolt, as thick as a water bucket, struck down towards Song Hesong.

Song Hesong showed a fierce expression, refusing to dodge or evade, preparing to endure the blow and kill Li Fan first.

In the blink of an eye, a long halberd flew from a distance, intercepting the blood-red giant hammer.

Senior Brother Zhang appeared in an instant, arriving at Li Fan's side and supporting him.

"Are you okay, Junior Brother?"

As he spoke, he passed a strand of spiritual energy to help Li Fan stabilize his injuries.

Then, with a solemn expression, he looked at Song Hesong.

At this moment, the spiritual energy in Li Fan's body had slowly recovered from the shock. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, squinting his eyes and staring at Song Hesong.

This person suddenly turned against them and erupted with strength far beyond the surface of the late Foundation Establishment stage.

Indeed, it was beyond Li Fan's expectations.

Coupled with the fact that he was currently occupying someone else's body and was not familiar with the techniques, it was unexpected and almost led to a fatal sneak attack.

Fortunately, the original owner, Li Chen, was still an inner disciple of the Purple Heaven Sect, with many means of self-defence, allowing him to barely escape a disaster.

Now looking at Song Hesong, it seemed that this person had suffered serious injuries from being struck by the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder.

However, immediately after that, numerous green life force energies floated up from Ningyuan City below, rapidly restoring his injuries.

In just a moment, he was completely healed.

Song Hesong's face turned gloomy, and the blood-red giant hammer transformed into a long sword, held in his hand.

Chu Liang and the other two arrived from afar, surrounding the two Purple Heaven Sect cultivators in the center.

Ignoring the three Foundation Establishment cultivators like Chu Liang, Senior Brother Zhang looked at Song Hesong, his brows furrowed.

"Mid-Golden Core stage? Manager Song, have you also cultivated that so-called new technique?" Song Hesong wore a mocking expression.

"Why not? After toiling away for half of my life for your Purple Heaven Sect, I only managed to secure a position as an outer city manager," Song Hesong sneered.

"In addition to a shallow cultivation in the 'Purple Heaven Thundercalling Technique,' all I receive is a meager amount of spiritual stones every year.

"I'm afraid I will remain stuck at the Foundation Establishment stage until I grow old."

Song Hesong continued with resentment, "I refuse to face failure simply because I have little talent! After switching to the new technique, I achieved Foundation Establishment in five years and Golden Core in ten!"

"Senior Brother Zhang, what do you think about my talent?"

Zhang Qianmo looked at the thick blood-red aura lingering around Song Hesong, and a murderous intent emerged in his eyes. "Evil devil! I will definitely eliminate you!"

As if hearing the world's funniest joke, Song Hesong burst into laughter, mockery evident on his face. "Evil devil? You so-called prestigious sects treat ordinary people like livestock, extracting their life force, and refining Longevity Fruits."

"Such extremely wicked methods, and you dare to call others evil devils?"

"I think you are the real devils!"

The blood-red aura on Song Hesong's body surged along with his angry words.

Zhang Qianmo's expression remained unchanged. "Mortals receive our protection and must pay a price. Outside the wilderness, demons and beasts are rampant. Mortals are like food."

"If it weren't for our immortal sect guarding them, where could they live peacefully for so long?"

"You think you can disturb my Dao heart with a few delusional words?"

In Zhang Qianmo's eyes, the purple color became even more intense.

Pointing his long halberd at Song Hesong, he declared, "Even though you're at the Golden Core stage, today, I will still kill you!"

Under Zhang Qianmo's pointed halberd, Song Hesong's breath seemed to be affected, and it momentarily stagnated.

But soon, he became somewhat ashamed and angered.

"I've long heard about the exceptional talents of the inner sect disciples. Today, I'll have to ask you to teach me!"

With that, the blood-red long sword in his hand instantly split into six, facing Zhang Qianmo's long halberd.

On Li Fan's side, Chu Liang and the other two cultivators surrounded him.

Facing the siege of three cultivators at the same level, Li Fan remained calm.

Activating the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique, he took out his spiritual weapon, a long spear.

Shaking the body of the spear, it emitted a sound resembling a dragon's roar.

Li Fan engaged the three cultivators in a battle.

Initially, Li Fan was not very familiar with the techniques he could use.

There was always a sense of stiffness in his attacks.

The three cultivators easily dodged each spear attack.

Although Chu Liang and the other two were at the same cultivation level as Li Fan, having begun cultivation halfway through their lives, their attack methods were weaker by more than a bit.

Li Fan dealt with them with ease.

As time passed and Li Fan became more familiar with his own spells, his attacks became increasingly sharp and deadly.

Chu Liang and his two companions gradually fell into a disadvantage.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 179: Fallen Immortal Realm, Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra


As for Zhang Qianmo and Song Hesong on the other side, one was in the late Foundation Establishment stage, and the other was in the mid Golden Core stage.

Although Zhang Qianmo's cultivation level was lower, the techniques he cultivated were more exquisite than Song Hesong's by no small measure.

Moreover, the spiritual weapon in his hand was far superior to his opponent's.

So, for a while, the two of them were evenly matched.

Meanwhile, Li Fan was gradually gaining the upper hand.

The situation seemed to be developing in favor of the two from the Purple Heaven Sect.

"Brother Song, the situation seemed a bit unfavorable!"

One of the attackers against Li Fan shouted loudly.

"Fellow Daoist Song, don't hesitate, quickly activate the grand formation!"

Chu Liang also called out.

A moment of hesitation flashed across Song Hesong's face.

It was followed by a grimace.

He retreated rapidly, and his blood-red longsword transformed into a large bell, enveloping Zhang Qianmo within.

A crazed expression filled his eyes as he slammed both hands towards the direction of Ningyuan City below.

In Ningyuan City, there were cries and screams of mortals.

Li Fan observed as blood-colored malevolent spiritual energy soared into the air, gathering beside Song Hesong.

Within the bloody light were human faces twisted in agony.

Song Hesong seized this blood-colored mass and poured it into the blood-red bell.

Countless human faces wailed as they rushed toward Zhang Qianmo.

Zhang Qianmo's expression changed, and purple energy shielded him as he attempted to resist.

But it was in vain.

One after another, blood-colored faces rushed into Zhang Qianmo's mind, leaving him stunned.

The expression on Zhang Qianmo's face changed constantly, sometimes in pain, sometimes revealing a bizarre smile.

Seeing that Zhang Qianmo was temporarily trapped, Song Hesong looked towards Li Fan.

Li Fan sensed trouble.

However, Chu Liang and the others were currently intensifying their attacks, preventing Li Fan from escaping.

Song Hesong arrived in an instant.

One in the mid Golden Core stage and three in the late Foundation Establishment stage.

Under the joint attack, Li Fan withstood only for a moment before sustaining heavy injuries.

"It seems that this first exploration of the Fallen Immortal Realm is going to end here."

As his injuries worsened and consciousness blurred, Li Fan heard what seemed like hallucinations.

Illusory whispers, soft and rustling. Sometimes urgent, sometimes soothing.

Seemingly wailing, resembling roars of anger.

However, the specific content could not be distinguished.

Before long, Li Fan could no longer resist.

Song Hesong's blood-colored giant palm ruthlessly slammed onto Li Fan's head.

"Bang!"

Li Fan's head exploded like a watermelon.

By all logic, with his body destroyed, Li Fan should have returned to the real world.

But...

He entered a strange state.

The remaining spiritual consciousness, like a black hole, slowly devoured the body of Li Chen, who was a shell.

There were no remnants of Li Chen's memories.

Just pure spiritual energy, gradually absorbed by Li Fan.

The surroundings became increasingly noisy.

Soft whispers turned into indescribable shouts.

Anger, fear, sorrow, and other negative emotions rushed like a tsunami, vowing to engulf Li Fan.

Yet, Li Fan's mind remained unmoved like a rocky shore.

Because underneath all of this was what Li Fan had been diligently cultivating since entering the path of immortality.

The Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra.

After entering the Fallen Immortal Realm, the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra remained dormant, showing no special effects.

But only after Li Chen's body was killed...

It started operating crazily on its own.

Like a giant mill, it ground down the power that composed Li Chen of the Purple Heaven Sect.

Turning it into the purest supply, nourishing Li Fan's mind.

Although Li Chen's body died, Li Fan's consciousness gradually grew stronger.

A completely new avatar of consciousness belonging to Li Fan himself began brewing under the headless corpse of Li Chen.

Li Fan remained calm, with no ripples in his heart.

He coldly watched the "plot" continue to unfold around him.

Song Hesong collected the storage ring from Li Fan's hand and then let the corpse fall from high in the sky.

Then he turned to look at Zhang Qianmo trapped in the blood-colored bell.

"This person's will was unexpectedly so resilient. Under the 'Sentient Soul Refinement Formation' that sacrificed tens of thousands of lives, he could still persist for so long," sighed Song Hesong.

"Unfortunately, the more extraordinary you are, the more you had to die today!"

Song Hesong clapped his hands towards the Ningyuan City below.

Once again, a blood glow formed by countless faces surged towards Zhang Qianmo.

Zhang Qianmo's face became even more hideous and terrifying.

Several large tumors bulged on his forehead, seemingly alive, moving around.

"Puff!"

A tumor burst, causing a large hole in Zhang Qianmo's head. Afterward, like a chain reaction, the tumors on Zhang Qianmo's head burst one after another.

Half of his head disappeared.

At this moment, Zhang Qianmo's breath was like a candle in the wind, about to extinguish at any moment.

However, some unknown force within him continued to sustain his vitality.

Even with just a small portion of his head remaining, he stubbornly clung to life.

"What's going on?" Chu Liang exclaimed.

"It seems this guy still has a big secret." Song Hesong's face darkened.

He looked at Zhang Qianmo, saying fiercely, "Even so, you are currently a turtle in a jar. I don't believe you can turn the tables!"

A red light emitted from the blood-colored bell pierced Zhang Qianmo's body.

The red light, like a knife, flashed in a crisscross pattern.

In an instant, Zhang Qianmo was cut into countless pieces.

"After all this, I don't believe you can survive!" Song Hesong sneered.

Chu Liang and the others also breathed a sigh of relief.

But not long after, their faces gradually turned pale.

Because...

They discovered that Zhang Qianmo's breath still hadn't disappeared!

"Bloody hell! What kind of demonic technique is he cultivating!"

Song Hesong finally revealed a terrified expression.

"Fire! Use fire!" At this moment, Chu Liang shouted.

Song Hesong pinched his fingers, and a red fireball appeared underneath the pile of flesh.

In the intense heat, the flesh turned into flying ashes.

But within this flame, something persisted.

No matter how vigorous the flame, it couldn't destroy it.

It was a purple-colored Golden Core.

"Golden Core? Wasn't he in the Foundation Establishment stage? How could a Golden Core be formed inside his body?" This scene clearly exceeded the understanding of Song Hesong and others, and their faces all changed color.

In fear, Song Hesong used all his techniques to attack the purple Golden Core.

However, no matter what, they couldn't shake the Golden Core even a bit.

Trying to put it into the storage ring was also impossible.

Because the aura belonging to Zhang Qianmo still lingered above it.

Moreover, it was growing stronger and more vigorous.

"You miscellaneous cultivators, without orthodox teachings, not studying the classics."

"Even if you learn a new method, it's nothing more than having a high cultivation level."

"How can you be compared to us orthodox sects?"

Zhang Qianmo's cold words emanated from the Golden Core.

The Golden Core immediately radiated brightly, forcing the flames to retreat.

A body slowly took shape from the radiance.

As the radiance converged, it transformed into clothing.

"I said that I will kill you today!"

Zhang Qianmo looked at Song Hesong and spoke in a cold tone.

Song Hesong trembled all over.

He continuously struck downward, and amid the miserable cries of countless mortals, strands of blood-colored light materialized and surged toward Zhang Qianmo.

As for Song Hesong himself, he didn't care about Chu Liang and the others trembling in fear; he turned into blood-colored light and fled far away.

Zhang Qianmo took a step, turning into purple lightning, arriving before the blood-colored light.

Song Hesong couldn't believe how fast Zhang Qianmo was. Unable to dodge in time, he collided head-on.

"Boom!"

Amidst the intense collision, Song Hesong seemed to lose control of his own body.

Zhang Qianmo reached out with his right hand, gripping Song Hesong's neck and lifting him up.

"Traitor, die!"

Zhang Qianmo pronounced the verdict.

A purple lightning bolt descended from the sky.

It fiercely struck Zhang Qianmo, who remained unharmed in the lightning, but Song Hesong, caught in his grip, let out a miserable scream.

He then died.

Zhang Qianmo looked towards Chu Liang and others, who had fled in different directions.

He sneered.

Pointing his finger lightly.

Three purple lightning bolts descended.

Their auras vanished, and three black dots fell from the sky.

Zhang Qianmo didn't bother with them anymore.

"To be forced to this extent..."

"A new method..."

He showed a contemplative expression.

Then, as if sensing something, he flew down to the ground.

There, the corpse that originally belonged to his junior brother Li Chen seemed to have melted like a candle.

Zhang Qianmo discovered that beneath the remaining layer of skin was another completely unfamiliar person.

It was awakening.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 180: Joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance


The candle-like skin slowly melted away.

It was gradually absorbed by the unfamiliar cultivator within the corpse.

Facing this bizarre scene, Zhang Qianmo did not immediately kill the intruder. Instead, he observed with keen interest.

After a moment, Li Chen's corpse was completely absorbed by the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra.

Li Fan also revealed his original appearance.

With a slight smile, Li Fan bowed to Zhang Qianmo, "Greetings, Senior Brother!"

Zhang Qianmo squinted his eyes, and the purple lightning mark on his forehead became prominent.

"What exactly are you? A devil? An otherworldly demon?"

Facing Zhang Qianmo's inquiry, Li Fan remained composed, "Senior Brother Zhang, is it that you can't recognize me just because I changed my appearance?"

Before the words could settle, a blue light illuminated the sky.

The Cloud-shearing Sword and Heaven Overturning Palm successively approached.

Zhang Qianmo showed surprise on his face.

The long halberd roared like a dragon, colliding with the Cloud-shearing Sword.

Blue and purple lights devoured each other.

In the end, the purple lightning prevailed.

"Good swordsmanship!" Zhang Qianmo praised.

Then, facing an invisible palm technique from above, Zhang Qianmo did not dodge but punched straight up.

The fists collided.

A majestic force erupted, spreading from the location of the two, devastating the city below, which was already in ruins with few mortals surviving.

Only the Life-Engendering Longevity Tree in the center, protected by the barrier, remained vibrant.

Zhang Qianmo was indifferent to the life and death of mortals.

But as he looked at Li Fan, his expression turned solemn.

"Who are you? Why did you secretly infiltrate my Purple Cloud Sect? Judging by your sword and palm techniques, you don't seem like a miscellaneous cultivator."

Li Fan avoided answering and asked, "Senior Brother, what technique is this? Clearly only at the Foundation Establishment stage, yet you can condense a Golden Core inside your body? Even killing an enemy beyond a realm seems effortless for you."

Zhang Qianmo snorted and, seeing Li Fan had no intention to answer, the killing intent in his heart grew stronger.

Thus, he showed no mercy.

The long halberd swept across, accompanied by purple thunderbolts falling from the sky to assist in combat.

Li Fan encountered an opponent with such strength for the first time in his life.

His body technique reached its peak, forming the Sword Formation of the Still Sea to intercept the Dragon-like Halberd.

During the exchange, the Cloud-shearing Sword and Heaven Overturning Palm occasionally mixed in.

But he rarely engaged in battles, so he only had those few tricks up his sleeve.

Meanwhile, Zhang Qianmo showcased an endless array of techniques.

The body born from the Golden Core was also invincible.

Li Fan's attacks occasionally landed on him, causing only minor wounds.

They quickly healed.

On the contrary, with each burst of purple lightning, the injuries on Li Fan's incarnated consciousness became increasingly severe.

The whispering voices returned, influencing his mind.

With each passing moment, Li Fan's injuries worsened.

After more than twenty rounds, Li Fan's consciousness incarnation was finally cut in half by Zhang Qianmo's halberd.

There was no scene of blood flowing; his body disintegrated into countless particles, dispersing in the wind.

"This person's technique is mysterious, and his sword and palm techniques are full of wonders. He must come from a major sect. However, his actual combat skills are surprisingly ordinary, even a bit weaker than expected."

"Truly strange."

Zhang Qianmo shook his head, filled with confusion.

In the heavenly mirror...

Li Fan slowly regained consciousness.

There was no sign of the weakness Chen Ying had mentioned. He even felt a slight enhancement in his spiritual consciousness.

Recalling the experiences in the Immortal Fall Realm, Li Fan pondered.

"It should be the effect of the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra."

"But I wonder why this Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra has such an effect in the Immortal Fall Realm."

"Generally speaking, after occupying the original identity and dying, one should directly return to the real world."

"I, on the other hand, can devour and reorganize, forming a new incarnation of consciousness. It's like having two lives within the Immortal Fall Realm."

"I wonder if there's anyone else who can do it like me."

"Although this first exploration yielded no results, my consciousness has gained some enhancement."

...

Slightly pleased and without any fatigue, Li Fan, immediately prepared to perform the ritual again.

To see if he could re-enter the Immortal Fall Realm.

Unfortunately, there was no response.

Li Fan could only regretfully give up.

"According to Chen Ying, it usually takes three to six months to re-enter. It's a pity."

"If one could enter indefinitely without restrictions..."

Shaking his head, he dismissed this unrealistic thought.

Checking the time, only a little less than half a day had passed since he entered the Immortal Fall Realm.

"This time in the Immortal Fall Realm, I saw the cultivation world before the great calamity and the appearance of the Immortal-Devil Plague."

"It also exposed several issues I currently have. Although I have supernatural powers, my actual combat ability is a bit lacking."

"If not relying on array formations for ambush, I can handle ordinary Golden Core cultivators. But facing true geniuses is a bit challenging."

"However, this is less my problem and more a difference between two eras."

"In Zhang Qianmo's era, sect disciples could freely study various techniques and secrets without any restrictions. They could easily find senior brothers for sparring."

"Nowadays, exchanging techniques is difficult. Powerful techniques, aside from self-comprehension, can only be obtained by joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and using merits and contributions."

"Moreover, finding someone for a friendly spar is too difficult these days."

"In the Heavenly Mirror, various scenarios can be simulated, but there's no simulation for combat against others. This should be a method used by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to restrict the combat power of ordinary cultivators."

"However, with the existence of the Immortal Fall Realm, I can polish and improve my actual combat abilities within it."

"Of course, the most important thing is still the advancement of my cultivation realm."

Li Fan checked his contribution points, over 37,000.

Enough to cultivate for some time in the Qi Condensation state.

"Let's cultivate to the perfection of Foundation Establishment first."

So, Li Fan took out the exquisite glass bead and began closed-door cultivation.

As time passed, he was awakened by a message from a communication talisman.

Checking it, it was a communication talisman from He Zhenghao.

Without immediately checking, Li Fan first examined the gains from his closed-door cultivation this time.

After nearly two months of supplementary cultivation, half of his contribution points were spent.

The gains...

Li Fan sighed.

Equivalent to three years of hard cultivation in a normal state.

However, it was still far from reaching the perfection of Foundation Establishment.

But Li Fan also knew he couldn't be impatient.

For ordinary cultivators, each breakthrough in the cultivation realm after Foundation Establishment required decades.

"I still need the 'Mountain Sitting Technique'!"

Li Fan sighed in his heart and then checked He Zhenghao's message.

"Friend Li Fan! Good news, things worked out! Through my tenacious efforts and persuasion, the position of Array Formation Repairer with Zhang Zhiliang has been negotiated!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 181: Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation


He Zhenghao's triumphant voice came through the talisman.

"Zhang Zhiliang is quite eccentric. It took me considerable effort to convince him. Of course, the required contribution points are slightly higher than the 10,000 contribution points required for Master Gong."

"13,000 contribution points."

"It's a rare opportunity. If you're interested, contact me as soon as possible!"

After that, the talisman fell silent.

"Only an additional 3,000 contribution points, no problem. Thank you, fellow Daoist!" Li Fan thought for a moment and gave a positive response to He Zhenghao.

On one hand, it was to get closer to Zhang Zhiliang and try to become his formal disciple.

On the other hand, it was a perfect opportunity to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Joining the system of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had many benefits.

Compared to the over 10,000 contribution points spent in this closed-door cultivation, the 13,000 contribution points were well worth it.

Sending the message, He Zhenghao immediately replied, "In that case, to avoid delays, fellow Daoist, quickly go to the Transmission Square and wait for me."

"I will take you to meet Zhang Zhiliang first. Then we'll quickly secure the spot."

"Remember, even though it's just a small position as a Formation Repairer, there are still quite a few Foundation Establishment cultivators eyeing it!"

Li Fan also replied, "Thank you for your trouble!"

After leaving the Tianxuan Mirror, he went to the Transmission Square to wait for He Zhenghao.

As soon as he arrived, he saw that He Zhenghao was already waiting.

"Fellow Daoist, you've gone through much trouble for me!" Li Fan said to He Zhenghao.

"Hehe, no need to be so polite. Since you were introduced into the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance by me, I naturally have to take good care of you."

"Moreover, it's mutually beneficial. Maybe in the future, I'll have something that requires your help!"

He Zhenghao waved his hand, not minding.

Then he said, "Zhang Zhiliang is not on Ten Thousand Immortals Island right now. Recently, an island suddenly emerged from the seabed in the western part of the Cong Yun Sea. Zhang Zhiliang and Gong Boyu are currently on that island."

"It might take a year or more before they come back."

"You should go with me to see them and secure the spot first."

Li Fan nodded.

"An island emerging from the seabed? Several Formation masters from the Formation Hall are also on the island? Did they discover some sect remnants or something?" Li Fan followed He Zhenghao towards a tree-like teleportation formation while asking.

He Zhenghao shook his head. "It's not a sect remnant, just an ordinary island."

"Over three thousand years ago, for some unknown reason, the entire island sank into the ocean. Now, it has resurfaced."

"Oddly, this island seems to have been under the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance originally, but there's no record of this island. The guardian formation around the island was reactivated after it surfaced."

"And the guardian formation from back then is quite different from the current one. That's why several Formation masters from the Formation Hall went to check it out."

He Zhenghao explained.

Using the teleportation formation, the two arrived at a huge island full of various trees, similar to a primitive forest.

This place was more than ten times larger than Liuli Island.

"The new island is located more than five hundred miles west of this Lingmu Island."

Li Fan and He Zhenghao flew towards their destination while conversing.

"Could it be that the formations from a thousand years ago are stronger than those nowadays? Why would several Formation Masters go there to study?" Li Fan asked, expressing the doubts in his mind.

"Hehe, fellow Daoist, you may not know this. The guardian formations commonly used within our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance are not fixed."

"We've always had conflicts with the Five Elders Association. If we had a set and unchanging formation for over a hundred years, it risks being leaked or easily cracked on a large scale."

"So, guardian formations undergo a minor change every two hundred years and a major change every thousand years."

"A minor change refers to keeping the basic logic of the formation unchanged, only subtly adjusting the layout of the formation."

"While a major change involves building an entirely new formation."

He Zhenghao explained slowly.

"So, the guardian formation running on that island from three thousand years ago is quite a rarity. Its power is average, but those proficient in formations can discern its intricacies and deduce the Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation that complements it."

Li Fan was momentarily stunned, "The complementary Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation?"

After hesitating for a moment, He Zhenghao explained in a hushed tone, "This Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation doesn't refer to the one on Ten Thousand Immortals Island. Rather, it refers to the true Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation formed by all the guardian formations in the cities and islands within a region, with the Ten Thousand Immortals Guardian Formation within the central island city as the core, amplifying its power."

"This Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation, once fully activated, covers the entire region with unimaginable power. It's said to have a record of killing Dao Integration level figures."

"But the resources it consumes are extremely huge, and it can only be activated with approval from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters."

"It's generally only used during invasions by the Five Elders Association."

Li Fan, who was only beginning to understand formations, imagined the scene in his mind and couldn't help but take in a sharp breath.

"No wonder the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance goes to great lengths to build guardian formations in most cities within its territory."

"It turns out there's this additional consideration."

At this moment, He Zhenghao continued with a cheerful tone, "Privately, we've speculated that this might not be the complete form of the Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation. The true form might be a massive formation covering all Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance territories, formed by fully activating the Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formations in each region as nodes."

"But this is purely our idle speculation. That kind of formation is too terrifying. Once activated, I'm afraid the entire cultivation world would suffer immense destruction."

Li Fan listened in silence.

"Judging by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's style of doing things, this ultimate form of the Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation is definitely real."

"The Xuanhuang Realm has maintained peace despite being almost divided between the conflicting Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders. Aside from those elusive Longevity Immortals, the existence of this ultimate Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation is probably a crucial factor."

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan fell into silence, and the two continued their journey in silence.

Not long after, the once-sunken island came into view.

Even from a distance, Li Fan could sense that the dampness on the island had not yet dissipated.

Most of the buildings on the island were still intact.

However, having been submerged in the sea for a thousand years, the surfaces of the buildings were covered with seaweed and algae.

On the streets, countless fish that had been separated from the seawater were leaping and struggling for survival.

Outside the island, Li Fan could vaguely see a golden formation barrier.

"I wonder why this island sank for some unknown reason three thousand years ago."

"And now, why did it suddenly resurface?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 182: Mountain and River Formation


On the golden barrier enveloping the island, there was a small circular gap. He Zhenghao led Li Fan into the protective formation through this gap.

"When you meet the Formation Masters later, don't bring up the matter of contribution points in front of them. Act accordingly, and after everything is settled, transfer the contribution points to me. I'll then pass them on to Zhang Zhiliang," He Zhenghao whispered to Li Fan.

Li Fan smiled slightly, indicating his understanding.

"Haha! Fellow Daoist He came just in time!"

At that moment, the laughter of Gong Boyu came from afar. Li Fan looked towards the sound and saw several Formation Masters from the Formation Hall gathered here.

In front of them was a large vertical screen, on which many tiny formation units flashed rapidly. Formation Masters occasionally pointed at the screen, discussing things with varied expressions.

"What's this..." Li Fan's gaze flashed as he looked towards the golden formation in the sky.

Sure enough, he vaguely saw many small disks, like crawling insects, attached to the surface of the formation.

While absorbing the power of the formation, these discs simultaneously transmitted the data of the units that formed the protective formation to the central screen.

"Formation Breaking Disks."

In the twelfth life, Zhang Zhiliang's legacy mentioned this kind of treasure.

It could analyze the composition data of a formation without damaging its structure, providing a reference for cracking the formation.

A set of one thousand one hundred and eighty Formation Breaking Disks was quite valuable.

Li Fan had never had the chance to see them before, but unexpectedly, he encountered them today.

"Come, come! Fellow Daoist He, come and take a look at the latest analysis data. See if the reappearance of this island from the sea floor is related to changes in the earth veins!" Gong Boyu enthusiastically called.

Though He Zhenghao was excited about the study, he hadn't forgotten about the main business. He turned to Zhang Zhiliang and said, "Fellow Daoist Zhang, this is the cultivator I mentioned before, Li Fan, who is willing to follow you as a Formation Repairer. He has a Foundation Establishment cultivation and some understanding of formations."

Zhang Zhiliang casually glanced at Li Fan, tossed over a testing ball, and said, "Test yourself first. As long as you're not completely ignorant of formations, there should be no problem."

Li Fan took the testing ball, and after his spiritual sense circulated through it, the test quickly ended.

Zhang Zhiliang looked at the number of glowing points on the testing ball and was somewhat surprised.

"You've only been self-studying formations so far? With these results, you're quite good. As a Formation Repairer, you have more than enough ability!"

Zhang Zhiliang knew the difficulty of the questions inside the testing ball: some of them could be considered quite tricky. Even apprentices in the Formation Hall might not perform as well as the person before him.

"Master, you're too kind! This junior has limited talent. The only thing I rely on is constant 'diligence'!" Li Fan calmly responded.

Zhang Zhiliang nodded, increasingly satisfied, and handed Li Fan a jade token.

A diagram of the main building of the Formation Hall was engraved on the jade token.

Zhang Zhiliang instructed, "With this jade token, register your identity at the Government Hall first, then collect the relevant items at the Ten Thousand Mirror. After activating your permissions, if you have any questions, you can also find answers in the Ten Thousand Mirror."

Li Fan nodded in acknowledgment, put away the jade token, and thanked him with a bow.

Seeing that things had gone smoothly, He Zhenghao also showed a pleased expression and immediately focused his attention on the screen of the Formation Breaking Disks.

The atmosphere became focused, and his temperament changed suddenly as if he had transformed into a different person in an instant. Li Fan couldn't help but marvel at the sight.

On the screen, the speed of the flashing images continued to increase.

He Zhenghao also seemed to be struggling a bit, beads of sweat forming on his forehead.

Above his head, a scroll unfolded slowly.

In the scroll, faintly visible were continuous mountain ranges and a densely laid-out network of water.

Mountains and rivers intertwined, stretching for countless miles.

The grandeur was magnificent and spectacular.

"This should be Fellow Daoist He's Foundation Treasure, the 'Mountain and River Vein Formation Diagrams.' Judging from its power, it seems to be more than just a mere Human Treasure," Li Fan observed carefully, silently pondering.

After about half a stick of incense, He Zhenghao finally took a deep breath and retracted the peculiar phenomenon.

"Fellow Daoist Gong has an extraordinary eye! Your vision can be described in one word—accurate!" He Zhenghao praised first.

He then continued slowly, "Indeed, this island is currently situated on top of an earth vein. There must have been significant changes at some other node on this earth vein, causing this island, which had been submerged in the sea for three thousand years, to reappear on the surface."

"But that location seems to be extremely far from the Cong Yun Sea. With my Foundational Establishment cultivation, it's difficult for me to sense the specific location," He Zhenghao regretfully said.

He Zhenghao's words immediately sparked a heated discussion among the group of Formation Masters.

"So, it was caused by changes in the earth vein? How big of a disturbance must that be?"

"If Fellow Daoist He can't sense it, the location of the incident should be quite far away. With such a distance, the impact of the incident should have been tremendous to sink an island all the way over here."

"Just go back and inquire about which province it happened in."

"That's not necessarily the case, earth vein changes may also occur in the deep underground. The surface may experience only slight tremors."

...

While the discussion was intense over there, Zhang Zhiliang, who had not participated, suddenly asked, "Fellow Daoist He, what do you think of this golden protective formation?"

He Zhenghao squinted his eyes, pondered for a moment, and replied, "This golden formation is connected to the earth vein. If my guess is correct, it should be based on the 'Mountain and River Formation.'"

"As long as the earth vein is intact, this defensive formation will be endless. And the Ten Thousand Immortals Grand Formation can condense the earth vein of a whole province for protection. Its defense is so strong that even three or four cultivators in the Dao Integration realm may not be able to break it."

"It's stronger than the current formation by more than one level."

Zhang Zhiliang nodded slowly. "Although this formation's defensive power is strong, if the formation is broken, it will cause some damage to the earth vein. I wonder what happened at that time to force people to resort to a solution as extreme as the Mountain and River Formation."

Gong Boyu also approached at this moment. "Why bother with so much? This free Mountain and River Formation is right in front of us. You can study it without spending any contribution points. Such a good thing is a once-in-a-century opportunity."

He Zhenghao agreed, saying, "Fellow Daoist Gong makes sense. These opportunities should not be missed. We should study it carefully."

Saying this, the group immersed themselves in the continuously flashing images on the screen of the Formation Breaking Disks.

Li Fan also observed for a while. Unfortunately, with his current foundation in formations, he was not yet able to comprehend anything from it.

Watching the several Formation Masters engrossed in their study, Li Fan decided not to linger any longer.

After bidding farewell, he quietly returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

He headed straight for the central Formation Hall on the island.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 183: White Jade Inquiry Platform


Carrying the jade token given by Zhang Zhiliang, the radiant light of the Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation merely brushed past Li Fan, without eliciting any sense of threat.

The Government Hall and the Council Hall were the two most prominent tall buildings in the central area of Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Following the path, Li Fan quickly arrived outside the Government Hall.

A Qi Condensation cultivator dressed in black and yellow robes stood at the entrance. Upon seeing Li Fan approaching, he gave a glance and then politely inquired, "Fellow Daoist, are you here to register for a position in the Formation Hall?"

Li Fan nodded.

"Alright, follow me."

Li Fan followed the cultivator, walking all the way inside to a small room deep within the Government Hall.

Upon entering, he discovered another world.

The guiding cultivator left on his own, leaving Li Fan alone to observe this space.

Numerous tall red wooden cabinets were arranged side by side on the ground.

There were an extremely large number of these wooden cabinets.

They were endless; with a quick glance, one couldn't see the end.

An old man with white hair stood silently in front of these red wooden cabinets.

Observing him, Li Fan felt as if this old man wasn't inactive.

Instead, it seemed like he had countless clones busy in front of these red wooden cabinets.

Li Fan looked up and carefully examined this space.

All around was a vast expanse of whiteness. Apart from the red wooden cabinets and the white-haired old man, there were no other decorations.

It was monotonous and somewhat frightening.

"It seems that this place, like the Tianxuan Mirror, is a space shared by every branch of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?" Li Fan speculated silently.

However, he didn't show any disrespect and promptly handed the jade token to the old man.

Taking the jade token, the old man glanced at Li Fan.

He cleared his throat and calmly said, "Although you are under Zhang Zhiliang, if you want to officially join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, you still need to go through the proper procedures."

The old man pointed to the blank area in front of him, and suddenly, a white platform rose from the ground.

Made entirely of white jade, it emitted a lustrous glow.

"This is the Inquiry Platform. To prevent spies from the Five Elders Association from infiltrating the alliance, you must pass the Inquiry Platform test before joining."

"Stand on it!"

The old man instructed, not giving Li Fan a chance to refuse.

Li Fan's heart trembled slightly, raising his spirits, ready to use [Truth] if anything went wrong.

After leaping onto the white Inquiry Platform, a miniaturized projection of Li Fan instantly appeared around him.

It included some basic information about him within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

"Besides the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, have you ever joined any other cultivation organizations?"

Glancing at Li Fan's information, the white-haired old man asked.

"None." Li Fan quickly answered.

The white jade platform remained normal, with no abnormalities.

The white-haired old man nodded, then continued to ask, "Have you had any dealings with the Five Elders Association?"

"No."

"Do you harbor ill intentions towards the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?"

"No."

"Do you have any living relatives?"

"All mortals, no attachments."

...

Time passed in the process of questions and answers.

Fortunately, these were basic questions about one's stance, without delving into the privacy of a cultivator's techniques or abilities.

Li Fan answered each question calmly.

"One last question." The old man cleared his throat.

"Why did you join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?"

Li Fan paused for a moment and answered slowly, "Immortality."

The white-haired old man's eyes flickered slightly.

The Inquiry Platform silently disappeared from view.

"You have successfully passed the inquiry test. From today onwards, you are an official member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

The old man clapped his hands, and in front of him, Li Fan's miniature projection image slowly appeared.

Next to the image, there were lengthy pages of text and the footage of Li Fan's questioning process.

Afterward, a red wooden cabinet from a distance, like a phantom, traversed through layers of wooden cabinets and flew to the front of the white-haired old man.

One of the cabinet doors opened on its own.

The old man pressed his hands in the air, compressing the image data in front of him into a glowing white paper.

Gently, he placed the paper into the cabinet.

Then, the cabinet door closed, and the wooden cabinet instantly returned to its original position, disappearing from Li Fan's sight.

"You may go."

The white-haired old man said to Li Fan, then returned to his previous motionless state.

Li Fan bowed and quietly withdrew.

Leaving this pale space, at the entrance of the Government Hall, Li Fan encountered the guide cultivator from before.

He glanced at Li Fan and cupped his hands, "Congratulations, fellow Daoist, on officially joining!"

"Oh? How you could tell?" Li Fan replied politely.

"Hehe, because after going up the Inquiry Platform, if you haven't officially joined, the only other possibility is death. Since fellow Daoist is alive, the result is self-evident." The guiding cultivator answered with a smile.

"Thank you for the insight. I am Li Fan." Saying this, Li Fan handed over a Communication Talisman.

"I am Gao Yuan." Taking Li Fan's talisman, Gao Yuan became even more courteous.

Li Fan exchanged a few more pleasantries with him before returning to the Tianxuan Mirror.

Upon entering, he received a notification.

"Welcome, Cultivator Li Fan. You have officially joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"Your current position: Formation Repairer for the Cong Yun Sea."

"Responsibility: Assist Zhang Zhiliang of the Formation Hall in maintaining the protective formations in the Cong Yun Sea area."

"Fixed wage: 1500 contribution points per year. Each time you participate in maintenance, you can earn an additional 200-2000 contribution points based on your level of participation."

"Minimum duty requirement: Participate in at least three major array maintenance tasks every ten years."

"Reminder: If you fail to meet the minimum duty requirement for the first time, you will receive a warning. If there is a second time, your Formation Repairer position will be forcibly revoked, and you will not be allowed to rejoin for one hundred years."

"Please take your responsibilities seriously."

"You can now increase your permission level within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance by accumulating merits."

"The higher your permission level, the more items and techniques you can view and exchange."

"Your current permission level: One."

"Complete merit tasks to earn merits."

"Merits are divided into six levels from top to bottom: Heaven, Earth, First, Second, Third, Fourth."

"Each level is further divided into upper, middle, and lower."

...

In addition to various new prompts, Li Fan also received several items at the same time.

One of them was the standard black and yellow robe used within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The robe provided simple protection and could effectively resist attacks from mid-level Foundation Establishment cultivators.

For Li Fan, it was better than nothing.

If the robe got damaged and needed replacement, he would have to spend contribution points to buy a new one in the Tianxuan Mirror.

Another item was the identity jade disk.

If you didn't join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's system, the alliance wouldn't care if you were killed outside.

However, with this identity jade disc, if you died unexpectedly, the Heavenly Secrets Hall would investigate.

Based on the specific results of the investigation, they would decide whether to carry out revenge.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 184: Taian Island Spy


In addition to the robe uniform and identity jade disk, there was also a unique communication talisman.

The talisman was circular, intricately carved with patterns around it, and a 'Ten Thousand' character engraved in the center.

As his spiritual consciousness was immersed in it, he instantly felt like he was in the starry sea.

Countless dim stars were faintly visible around, representing members of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The image of He Zhenghao flashed through his mind.

In an instant, among countless stars, he found the one representing He Zhenghao.

Li Fan sent a friend request.

After a while, that dim star brightened.

In a dark galaxy, it became conspicuously bright.

"Fellow Daoist acted so fast; you've officially joined? Congratulations!" He Zhenghao's message quickly arrived.

"I must thank Fellow Daoist He!" Li Fan replied.

However, there was no further response, indicating that He Zhenghao was once again immersed in the study of the Mountain and River Formation.

Li Fan also sent friend requests to Chen Ying, Zhang Zhiliang, Gong Boyu, and others.

Then his spiritual consciousness retreated from the communication talisman.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan began to search for merit tasks.

As opposed to tasks that earned contribution points, merit tasks were mostly directly issued by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The task types ranged from collecting materials to participating in the maintenance of the daily operations of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

There was also a special category of tasks, which involved reporting and exposing spies infiltrating the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, such as those from the Five Elders Association or other cultivation organizations.

For such tasks, the merits varied based on the spy's rank.

Li Fan's current permission level was One.

Basically, by completing any merit task, he could upgrade to level Two.

However, there was a limit on the number of merit tasks one could complete.

A maximum of three tasks could be completed each year.

Li Fan wasn't in a hurry to accept them.

Apart from tasks, there were other ways to earn merits.

For example, recommending cultivators to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, like He Zhenghao did before.

Or providing valuable information.

There were no restrictions on these, and more was better.

One point that caught Li Fan's interest was that the merits required to upgrade permission levels were not a fixed value but instead displayed as a progress bar.

This was because the Tianxuan Mirror would adjust the merits based on their real-time value.

For example, say a merit task that required handing in 'Scarlet Cloud Ice' would always exist.

After completing the task, a lower third-class merit would be rewarded.

However, the value of 'Scarlet Cloud Ice' itself fluctuated continuously.

Under normal circumstances, the value of these items wouldn't fluctuate drastically.

But in the history of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, there were cases where the value of certain resources plummeted significantly.

So, the Tianxuan Mirror would adjust and precisely control based on the real-time value of merits.

Li Fan's focus was on a merit task with a middle third-class merit reward.

A small progress bar appeared next to the task introduction.

Above the progress bar, there was a small number indicating forty-three.

This meant that completing this task and earning the medium third-class merit would raise Li Fan's permission level by one, as well as providing an additional forty-three percent progress.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had a total of forty-nine permission levels.

In the beginning, promotion was relatively simple, but it became increasingly difficult as one progressed.

Understanding the mechanism of merits and permission levels, Li Fan then searched for cultivation techniques.

Immediately, Li Fan noticed a difference from the past.

Some search results were prominently marked with golden font.

This indicated that only members within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance system could see these cultivation techniques.

Moreover, these restricted cultivation techniques could only be used for personal cultivation after redemption and couldn't be shared with others. If they were "lost" and someone else learned them, there were personnel from the Law Enforcement Hall responsible for recovery, and the original redeemer would be penalized by deducting a certain amount of merits.

Li Fan carefully examined these restricted cultivation techniques.

Among them, the golden font of some was bright, indicating that Li Fan could redeem them with his current permission level.

However, there was another fraction with a dim golden color, requiring permission levels beyond Li Fan's current level. He could only view their introductions but couldn't redeem them.

Generally speaking, one could see search results three permission levels above their own as a form of encouragement. Li Fan casually looked at a dim golden Golden Core-stage cultivation technique.

Sixty-five thousand contribution points, permission level three required for redemption.

"Absorb the spiritual energy of metal to nurture sword intent within the body. Sword intent can be used for flying on a sword and as a spiritual weapon to kill enemies."

"The power is indeed much stronger than what I've seen before, and the price is higher too."

Li Fan looked at several other dim golden cultivation techniques, and they were all the same.

"If the Yanfa Jue constantly derivates out cultivation techniques day and night, there will certainly be some world-shaking divine techniques."

"They likely won't be much weaker than the foundational techniques of those ancient sects."

"Even if I can't redeem them, taking a glance and broadening my knowledge would be good."

"Unfortunately, my permission level is not enough."

"Permission level, permission level..."

Li Fan then recalled the various ways to earn merits.

A figure suddenly flashed in his mind.

The guardian of Taian Island, Zhou Qingang.

In his previous two lives, this person always fled before the arrival of the Crimson Flame, which seemed somewhat suspicious to Li Fan.

There were only two possibilities.

One was that Zhou Qingang had a very strong background.

In the tenth life, even the two Soul Transformation True Monarchs of the Ten Thousand Immortals Island couldn't detect the imminent arrival of the Crimson Flame. However, Zhou Qingang did.

This indicated that Zhou Qingang's background was even more formidable than these Soul Transformation powerhouses; in other words, a Dao Integration Immortal Sage.

In Li Fan's opinion, this possibility was low. If Zhou Qingang truly had the backing of an Immortal Sage, he could have just left directly.

There would be no need to appoint someone else to guard Taian Island as a proxy under the pretense of going out to look for opportunities.

Therefore, the remaining possibility was far more likely.

Zhou Qingang might be a spy planted by another organization within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Li Fan believed that the top powerhouses of this world must have sensed something before the Crimson Flame arrived.

For some unknown reason, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters did not issue a warning about the danger to the Ten Thousand Immortals Islands, but other organizations should have detected some signs as well.

For instance, the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce had issued an order for all its members to evacuate the Cong Yun Sea before the calamity struck.

Zhou Qingang likely also received a notice from his organization, which led him to escape from the Cong Yun Sea.

Of course, this was just Li Fan's speculation.

To confirm this, further verification was needed. If his guess was wrong, that would be fine.

However, if Zhou Qingang was indeed a spy, Li Fan would gain a lot.

Not only would he harvest a large amount of merits and contribution points, but more importantly, Li Fan also wanted to find a way to deceive the Inquiry Platform from him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 185: Splitting the Mind


With the help of [Truth], one could undergo infinite cycles of reincarnation.

Apart from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, Li Fan would definitely have the opportunity to visit other organizations such as the Five Elders Association in the future.

He believed that they should also have a method similar to the Inquiry Platform.

To prevent exposure and being directly killed as a spy, it was necessary to find a technique that could conceal his intentions.

Moreover, a method to hide the secrets in his heart was particularly important for Li Fan, who possessed [Truth].

"You better be a spy, fellow Daoist Zhou."

Recalling the scene when he first met Zhou Qingang, Li Fan secretly said in his heart.

Subsequently, he separately messaged several people he knew, such as He Zhenghao, Gao Yuan, and Chen Ying, inquiring about Zhou Qingang.

After most of the day passed, he gradually received replies.

Excluding those who didn't know much about Zhou Qingang, the other responses were quite consistent.

Originally, Zhou Qingang was a wandering cultivator.

Over seventy years ago, in the later stages of Qi Condensation, he joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

After advancing to the Foundation Establishment stage, he successfully passed the assessment held once every ten years and became the guardian of Taian Island.

Zhou Qingang was diligent and responsible in his daily work.

Most of the time, he stayed on the island, rarely venturing outside.

...

With this information, Li Fan became even more convinced of his judgment.

Next, he had to find a way to expose Zhou Qingang's true colors.

Having infiltrated the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for so many years without being discovered by others, this person must be extremely cautious in his actions.

For others, finding his flaws might be difficult.

But for Li Fan, who harbored the Formless Killing Intent, as long as this person was indeed a spy, it was only a matter of time before he revealed himself under the all-encompassing, 24/7 surveillance throughout the year.

Wearing a friendly smile, Li Fan left the Tianxuan Mirror and arrived at Taian Island through the teleportation array.

Having served as the acting guardian for several years, Li Fan was quite familiar with the island.

Above the city where the strange human-faced fruit lived, Li Fan met Zhou Qingang and explained his intentions.

"Your timing is unfortunate, fellow Daoist. All the remaining Taian Fruits have been sold, and there are none left." Zhou Qingang shook his head, expressing regret.

"Oh, my luck is really bad. I recently heard that there is such a cheap and life-prolonging treasure, but I couldn't find it in the Tianxuan Mirror. I wanted to see if fellow Daoist had any in stock." Li Fan sighed, looking regretful.

While speaking, he directly activated the Formless Killing Intent, locking onto Zhou Qingang.

The Formless Killing Intent was already incredibly subtle, and Li Fan's cultivation level was even greater than Zhou Qingang's by a small realm.

Naturally, Zhou Qingang had no awareness of it and enthusiastically suggested, "Fellow Daoist, don't worry. If you really need it, I will save one for you next time Taian Fruit is harvested."

Li Fan was delighted, "Thank you, fellow Daoist!"

He took out the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance communication talisman and added Zhou Qingang as a friend.

"I am currently serving as a member of the Formation Hall and am responsible for repairing formations. In the future, we can stay in contact!" Li Fan said.

"I don't know if fellow Daoist is acquainted with He Zhenghao, the guardian of Liuli Island? My relationship with fellow Daoist He is also quite deep."

Zhou Qingang's eyes lit up, and he promptly accepted the friend request.

"Hehe, my relationship with fellow Daoist He is also decent. It turns out we all know each other!"

Li Fan continued to follow Zhou Qingang's lead and chatted for a while.

Afterward, he returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Inside the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan directly transferred a hundred contribution points to Zhou Qingang.

"Fellow Daoist Zhou, I've transferred the contribution points to you first. Remember to save the Taian Fruit for me."

Soon, Zhou Qingang replied, "Fellow Daoist, rest assured. Even if I can't complete the annual tribute mission, I will save one for you!"

"Fellow Daoist Zhou is truly earnest!"

While praising Zhou Qingang, Li Fan used the Vision of Heaven and Earth to observe his every move.

His expression remained normal.

Li Fan didn't expect to quickly expose Zhou Qingang.

However, the Formless Killing Intent was always watching, and there would come a day when Zhou Qingang would reveal himself.

For now, this matter was temporarily put aside.

After transferring the 15,000 contribution points to He Zhenghao, Li Fan began the formal process of selecting merit tasks.

He planned to first elevate his permission level and then see if he could find techniques related to the mind.

This was quite important to him.

During the twelfth life, he encountered the problem of "not enough brainpower."

As the lending operations of the Mingyue Palace gradually expanded, Li Fan had to maintain control of both his main body and clone while constantly monitoring nearly a hundred borrowers.

Although most of them only required a trace of his consciousness, when combined, the brainpower required began to affect his main body unavoidably.

It specifically manifested as occasional brief pauses in thinking and a decrease in his normal thinking speed.

In simple terms, Li Fan sometimes felt that his brain was "lagging."

To solve this problem, there were two methods.

One was to increase the strength of his consciousness.

The second was to enhance the multitasking ability of his consciousness, splitting his mind into different tasks.

Compared to ordinary cultivators, Li Fan's spiritual consciousness strength was already quite strong, equivalent to the late stage of Golden Core, a realm higher than the average Foundation Establishment cultivator.

Now that he had found a method to enhance his spiritual consciousness strength by entering the Fallen Immortal Realm and absorbing the bodies of those possessed, he didn't need to search for other ways to increase spiritual consciousness strength.

Therefore, what Li Fan needed to do now was to improve his shortcomings.

He needed to find a way to split his mind for various tasks.

During the twelfth life, even though Li Fan possessed a considerable fortune, he couldn't find such a technique in the Tianxuan Mirror.

He could only reluctantly make do.

Since he had joined the system of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance in this life, he naturally wanted to take this opportunity to find a technique that could enhance his multitasking capabilities.

Before, Li Fan had searched a bit, but with his permission level only being One, he hadn't found a suitable technique.

However, Li Fan believed that as his permission level increased, he would eventually find a satisfactory technique.

Currently, Li Fan was at the Foundation Establishment stage, and most of the merit tasks available corresponded to third-grade merits.

Occasionally, there were one or two tasks classified as second grade with a label indicating high risk.

Li Fan's target was these high-risk tasks.

The so-called high risk varied from person to person.

For ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivators within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, tasks at the Golden Core level were clearly beyond their ability.

However, for Li Fan, who possessed various divine techniques, the risks of these tasks weren't as high.

For example, one task required him to join a squad from the Martial Hall to clear out beasts on Wanlai Island in the Cong Yun Sea.

According to the task description, these beasts fed on sound.

They reproduced rapidly in large numbers and needed to be cleared out periodically.

Although the beasts were rampant, their individual strength was relatively weak.

Their basic combat power was only equivalent to the early Foundation Establishment stage.

This task was perfect for Li Fan.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 186: Nine Teams of the Martial Hall


Merit tasks triggered by random events were always being watched by cultivators.

Li Fan directly accepted the task to avoid it being snatched by others.

Soon, a friend request was sent to him.

Martial Hall, Jiang Zhengji.

Li Fan accepted the request, and a message from Jiang Zhengji came: "Fellow Daoist Li Fan, I have already checked your basic information."

"With your late Foundation Establishment cultivation, plus the assistance of formations, there should be no risk in following behind our team to complete this task."

"I will send you the information about this trip to Wanlai Island shortly for you to prepare."

"We'll set out tomorrow. Meet at the Transmission Square."

Li Fan didn't rush to check the mission information Jiang Zhengji sent but first investigated Jiang Zhengji's personal information.

His spiritual consciousness touched the star in the starry sea representing Jiang Zhengji, and a brief message instantly appeared in Li Fan's mind.

Jiang Zhengji, a member of the Tiancang Team in the Martial Hall on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Mid Golden Core stage cultivation.

Li Fan had some knowledge of the Tiancang Team.

It was one of the nine teams in the Martial Hall.

In the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, matters related to techniques would be handled by the Law Enforcement Hall.

For other situations requiring the use of force, the Martial Hall would take charge.

The nine teams were Tianjun, Tiancang, Tianbian, Tianxuan, Tianyou, Tianhao, Tianzhu, Tianyan, and Tianyang.

Except for the Tianjun Team, who were responsible for overall coordination and had a slightly higher status, the other teams were of equal standing.

"I wonder how many members from the Tiancang Team will be mobilized for this task."

With this thought in mind, Li Fan clicked on the Wanlai Island beast-clearing mission briefing.

Wanlai Island was located in the southwestern region of the Cong Yun Sea.

The island was inhabited by headless beasts.

With short lower limbs and stout arms, they crawled on the ground at incredible speed.

These beasts had no heads, only a large mouth on their chests.

They fed on sound, and as long as they were hungry, they could satiate themselves by simply making sound.

With thick skin and the ability to quickly recover from injuries by consuming sound, coupled with their formidable combat power, they posed a substantial threat.

Moreover, they reproduced rapidly, and there were no natural enemies on the island.

So, they easily dominated the entire Wanlai Island.

"Feeding on sound, interesting."

After roughly understanding the task, Li Fan, in the Tianxuan Mirror, purchased some formation materials.

If he could complete this task only using formations without revealing his true strength, that would be perfect.

Li Fan made his preparations for the mission.

Early the next morning, Li Fan arrived at the Transmission Square to wait.

It didn't take long before Jiang Zhengji, leading a group of six people, slowly approached.

"Greetings, fellow Daoist Jiang!" Li Fan bowed in salute.

"Fellow Daoist Li, you've waited a long time." Jiang Zhengji politely replied, then introduced the six people behind him.

One of these six was also in the mid Golden Core stage, while the rest, like Li Fan, were at the late Foundation Establishment stage.

After a bit of small talk, the group used the teleportation formation to reach Guishou Island, the closest island to Wanlai Island.

After flying for half a day, a lush island came into view from afar.

"Those beasts are extremely sensitive to sound. To avoid alerting them, after entering the area ahead, everyone should refrain from speaking."

"Suppress your breath and communicate using spiritual consciousness."

Jiang Zhengji, the leader, instructed.

Everyone expressed their understanding.

Entering the range of Wanlai Island, the surroundings immediately became silent.

The sounds of the waves or wind could not be heard.

Silently flying over Wanlai Island, Li Fan looked down at the scene, feeling a bit uneasy.

The entire island was packed with headless beasts.

Most of them lazily lay on the ground, doing nothing.

Even in areas where there was not enough space, they didn't fight. They just piled up on top of each other, forming many small hills.

The fur of these beasts was all red. At first glance, the entire surface of Wanlai Island seemed to be covered with moving red fur.

Just looking at it made one feel uneasy.

Occasionally, one or two headless beasts felt hungry. They didn't even bother to get up; just by patting their belly, before the sound could travel far, the large mouths on their torso opened and closed, swallowing everything.

Other beasts nearby would also come over, open their mouths, and share the food.

Besides eating, they also reproduced.

The intense movement often attracted many of their kind to gather and watch. They formed a circle, enclosing the protagonist in the middle, all with mouths wide open, saliva overflowing.

The somewhat bizarre scene on Wanlai Island wasn't only unsettling for Li Fan.

The five Foundation Establishment cultivators in the Tiancang Team also seemed uneasy, evidently witnessing this for the first time.

Only Jiang Zhengji and the other Golden Core cultivator, Du Xingchang, maintained their composure, seemingly accustomed to such scenes.

"Let's get started!"

Jiang Zhengji tossed a purple formation diagram into the air.

The purple light spread with the wind and quickly enveloped the entire Wanlai Island.

The headless beasts below were completely unaware.

A radiant light emanated from Jiang Zhengji, resembling falling snowflakes.

Soon after, a blizzard swept across, covering the entire island.

"Golden Core Dharma Body..." Li Fan watched this scene, his eyes flickering.

Having already exchanged for knowledge related to the Golden Core stage, Li Fan was naturally familiar with this.

After reaching the Golden Core stage, one could use the laws within the Golden Core to condense a Dharma Body.

The fusion of the laws into the Dharma Body allowed manipulation of a large area through the laws.

At this moment, a snowstorm raged.

The temperature on Wanlai Island plummeted rapidly.

Some headless beasts slowly sensed something amiss and looked around.

However, Li Fan and the others suspended high in the air made no sound, and the beasts couldn't find any traces.

At the same time, Du Xingchang also took action.

In the midst of the swirling snowstorm, red plum blossoms emerged from the ground, blooming proudly.

In an instant, the entire Wanlai Island was covered in white snow and red plum blossoms.

"Xingchang and I will watch from above. Everyone, go ahead and take action!"

Jiang Zhengji said.

The five Foundation Establishment cultivators of the Tiancang Team nodded one after another.

Without any hesitation, they rushed towards the headless beasts below.

"It seems that this is also training for them."

Seeing this, Li Fan couldn't openly slack off.

So, he quickly caught up and casually set up the Shared Spirit Life-Death Formation, affecting the five Foundation Establishment cultivators ahead.

This Shared Spirit Life-Death Formation was one of the formations used by Zhang Zhiliang during the extermination of Crimson Flame in the twelfth life.

It amplified attacks and enhanced cooperation between individuals.

However, the power of the formation arranged by Li Fan at this moment was weaker by more than ten times compared to Zhang Zhiliang. But for the five Foundation Establishment cultivators, its effectiveness was still enough to have an immediate impact.

After that, Li Fan consecutively set up several formations such as the Five Elements Sword Qi Formation, the Silk Obstruction Formation, and the Spirit Fire Dragon Formation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 187: Formation Battle Against Beasts


After completing all of this, Li Fan's face turned pale, and he was gasping for breath.

"Please, fellow Daoists, lead these beasts to the formations I've set up," Li Fan conveyed through voice transmission.

A Foundation Establishment cultivator named Huan Sui nodded, "Fellow Daoist, you've worked hard. We'll take it from here."

It was widely known that the path of formations was difficult and obscure, requiring a significant amount of time for study. It's reasonable for proficiency in formations to be inversely proportional to combat strength.

Besides, there was no expectation that this external helper could do much. Being able to set up so many effective formations at once was already a pleasant surprise.

Huan Sui took out a small drum and struck it forcefully. A roar resembling that of ancient ferocious beasts resonated from the drum, spreading in all directions.

On the island, the lazy headless beasts lying on the ground abruptly stood up, turning towards the direction of Li Fan and the others. They pounded their chests, seemingly excited.

Like a surging tide, they rushed over one after another.

The five members of Huan Sui's team stood in formation, facing the approaching wave of beasts without changing their expressions.

Five spiritual weapons simultaneously emerged around them, each taking the form of a differently shaped sword. The sword lights intersected, forming a sword formation.

Any beast entering the formation was instantly annihilated by the sword lights. Under the fire dragons of the "Spirit Fire Dragon Formation," they turned to ashes.

The drumbeat continued, acting like a summoning spell, attracting the beasts to come forward and meet their doom.

The Tiancang Team, like a meat grinder, mercilessly harvested the lives of these creatures.

Slowly, the deaths of numerous beasts began to stir unrest among their ranks.

They began to counterattack.

"Roar!"

The headless beasts pounded their chests, opened their bloody mouths, and let out thunderous roars. Invisible sound waves converged, forming a substantial fist shadow above the island.

The red fist shadow rushed towards the sword formation of the five people.

"Bang!"

Huan Sui and the others simultaneously spat out blood, their faces showing astonishment. The five swords trembled slightly, and the formation fell into disarray.

Immediately, many red-furred beasts seized the opportunity to break through the blockade and charge towards the five.

Although they were easily slaughtered, the expressions of the five cultivators were no longer as relaxed as before.

Seeing this, Li Fan knew he couldn't hold back too much.

With a serious expression, he took out several beast bones from his storage ring and arranged a new formation.

This time, just as the fist shadow composed of the roars of the red-furred beasts was about to form, a series of extremely discordant metallic friction sounds suddenly came from the surroundings, mixing with the roar.

Like pure water mixing into muddy water, the roar became unclear, and its power diminished significantly.

The fist shadow, composed of the howls of the red-furred beasts, was mixed with the strange noises. It became vague, and its power greatly diminished. It was easily blocked by the sword formation.

Huan Sui and the others showed joy, "Fellow Daoist, excellent means!"

However, Li Fan waved his hand, looking pale and seemingly unable to continue with such methods.

The scales of victory tilted back towards the Tiancang Team.

Hundreds of headless beasts were slaughtered one after another.

However, their numbers were just too vast.

The number of headless beasts slaughtered by the Tiancang Team, compared to the total population on the island, was just a drop in the ocean.

Perhaps, if they continued like this, with the "Five Elements Sword Qi Formation" formation supplementing spiritual energy, they could slowly complete the mission given enough time.

However, after half a day passed and the death toll reached a certain level, the red-furred beasts discovered that their furious roars were no longer effective.

They stopped their howls.

Even their relentless charge to their deaths ceased.

Seeing this, Huan Sui was puzzled.

He continued to beat the small drum, attempting to re-attract the attention of the red-furred beasts, but the previously irresistibly enticing drumbeat now lost its effect.

"Bang!"

"Bang!"

"Bang!"

They stopped their attacks and instead rhythmically pounded their chests.

The sound resonated continuously, growing louder.

Li Fan sensed that something was amiss. Although he promptly activated the Discordant Confusion Formation he had previously set up to counteract the beasts' roars, the noise didn't have much impact on the grand symphony.

Fortunately, Jiang Zhengji and Du Xingchang, who had been watching all along, finally stopped standing idly by.

Once again, snowflakes drifted down onto the world.

The intensity of the coordinated sound was absorbed by the falling snow, abruptly diminishing its power.

A strong wind blew, lifting thousands of snow piles and, at the same time, blowing away the red plum petals in full bloom in the snow.

The petals danced in the wind like lethal blades.

Each time a petal floated past a headless beast, it quietly took away its life.

It could be seen that the two mid-stage Golden Core cultivators, working together, could deal with these instinct-driven red-furred beasts. The beasts had no resistance whatsoever.

However, Jiang Zhengji and Du Xingchang seemed to restrain themselves.

There was no widespread slaughter; they only slightly reduced the power of the red-furred beasts' coordinated sound.

Furthermore, they didn't completely prevent the beasts' ritual.

So, amidst the increasingly urgent and loud pounding sounds, the giant shadow of a red-furred beast slowly took shape.

The faintly oppressive feeling emanating from the phantom was slightly weaker than Jiang Zhengji's.

"Golden Core stage!"

Li Fan and the Tiancang Team's faces turned serious.

Although seemingly weaker than a true Golden Core stage cultivator, it undoubtedly possessed power far beyond the Foundation Establishment realm.

However, after the Golden Core beast revealed its form, it didn't immediately launch an attack on Li Fan and the others.

Instead, it casually grabbed its weak compatriots from the ground and devoured them voraciously.

The countless red-furred beasts on the island, upon witnessing their peers being eaten, not only showed no fear but became excited, emitting strange and joyful cries.

The Golden Core beast devoured its weaker peers without reservation.

Gradually, its silhouette became solid.

It seemed that, as it consumed more of its own kind, it could complete the transformation from the illusory to the real!

Jiang Zhengji and Du Xingchang both had their arms folded over their chests and carried cold and indifferent expressions, silently observing the situation.

However, Huan Sui became anxious, "If we wait for that beast to solidify, its strength will be comparable to a true Golden Core cultivator. Even if we all unite and fight to the death, we may not necessarily win!"

Another person chimed in, "That's right, we can't wait any longer!"

Li Fan also nodded, "I'll set up the Current-Defying Formation to assist you all!"

He then took out formation materials from his storage ring.

In a moment, the Current-Defying Formation was set up.

The Tiancang Team's momentum surged suddenly.

"The formation can only last for about the time it takes for a stick of incense to burn."

Li Fan, looking pale and feeble, said without much strength.

It seemed that his mental energy consumption was extremely high.

Huan Sui and the others exchanged glances and nodded.

"If we can't defeat that beast, even if we can save our lives, we'll lose the qualification for promotion."

"There is no retreat, the only way out is to fight!"

"Kill!"

The five people had determined expressions, relying on each other and piercing forward like a sharp sword.

Fiercely, they stabbed towards the Golden Core beast.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 188: White Snow Falls on Red Plum Blossoms


The five Foundation Establishment cultivators from the Martial Hall successfully drew the attention of the majority of the red-haired beasts.

Li Fan took advantage of the situation, hiding within the Spirit Fire Dragon Formation, leisurely watching the intense battle unfolding on the island.

The five sword-like Foundation Treasures alternated in attacking, resembling a sharp drill that turned all the obstructing beasts into minced meat.

Facing the rapidly advancing Tiancang Team, the gigantic Golden Core beast remained indifferent, seemingly unfazed. However, it accelerated the speed of its consumption in response.

Along the way, the red-haired beasts, in a frenzied manner, used their bodies to form a defensive line at any cost to obstruct the Tiancang Team.

These beasts possessed the strength of the Foundation Establishment stage. Waves after waves of the beast tide surged forward, and although the Tiancang Team's swords were sharp, their progress unavoidably slowed down.

They initially relied on their unstoppable momentum.

Now, with their momentum obstructed and slowed, the pressure increased sharply as they faced seemingly endless red-haired beasts.

In this critical moment, Huan Sui angrily shouted, "Change formation!"

In an instant, the other four people stood behind Huan Sui, infusing all their spiritual energy into his body. The five swords gradually merged into one amidst a dazzling light.

Combined, the five swords' power surged.

Sword qi sliced across the ground, easily carving a deep trench into the earth in front of them. The red-haired beasts obstructing their way dissolved in the sword light.

Within moments, the giant sword arrived in front of the Golden Core beast.

At this point, having consumed a large number of its kind, the upper half of the Golden Core beast had completed the transformation from phantom to real.

However, the sword light had already approached, and it had no chance to further enhance its strength.

Reluctantly thumping its chest, the Golden Core beast then extended its sturdy arms and tightly gripped the giant sword about to slash its head.

The giant sword erupted in a dazzling light, attempting to break free.

However, on the claws of the Golden Core beast, there was a wisp of black qi. Like an extremely tenacious silk thread, it firmly entwined the sword.

The beast's bloody mouth suddenly opened, emitting a strange and horrifying roar.

The sword light dimmed abruptly.

As if crushed by an invisible force, the sword body became distorted.

"Change!"

Huan Sui's voice sounded again.

The sword light disintegrated, becoming five separate swords once more.

The Golden Core beast's hands were left empty.

The Tiancang Team reappeared in different positions, each wielding a different sword. Simultaneously, they struck the Golden Core beast.

"Roar!"

The beast emitted a painful howl. Although there was no blood, its figure became somewhat illusory.

Using both arms, it deflected the five swords.

It then swung a fist violently in the direction of where one of the Foundation Establishment cultivators was.

However, before the shockwave of the punch could get close to that cultivator, the formation transformed once again.

The five of them regrouped in one place and appeared behind the Jindan beast.

This time, it was a different person who took the lead.

The five swords joined in one attack.

They ruthlessly chopped at the back of the beast.

Suddenly suffering a heavy blow, the Golden Core beast stumbled and was almost knocked to the ground.

Both of its arms flailed, attempting to block the sword light.

It then grabbed a handful of its own kind and threw them into its mouth to recover from its injuries.

However, the Tiancang Team did not engage it head-on.

After a moment, the five individuals separated once again, appearing from different directions and leaving five new wounds on the beast.

In this way, the Tiancang Team continuously weakened the strength of the Golden Core beast through their constantly shifting formation.

Although the beast possessed great physical strength, it could do nothing but passively endure the attacks, watching helplessly as its injuries gradually worsened.

In its rage, the red fur on the beast's body stood on end.

After another heavy blow from the united sword attacks, its anger finally reached an extreme.

The red fur seemed to come alive in an instant, growing wildly.

The giant beast tore off a large chunk of its own fur and threw it into the air.

This twisted red fur emitted an ominous aura, then, like distorted tentacles, continuously extended.

The giant core beast didn't stop tearing off its fur, and around it, the red fur strands were like strands of silk, connecting and intertwining.

Whenever the sword lights accidentally touched the hairs, the sword lights were captured and needed considerable effort to break free.

With the growth of the red fur, the space available for the Tiancang Team to maneuver became smaller and smaller.

The interval between their attacks grew longer and longer.

On the other hand, with the red fur as protection, the Golden Core beast became more and more comfortable.

No longer concerned about the sword light's assault, it not only launched attacks but also casually threw its incoming kin into its mouth to enhance its strength.

"It seems the situation is a bit unfavorable." Incinerating a red-haired beast attempting to approach stealthily, Li Fan, who was observing from a distance frowned, wondering whether he should lend a helping hand.

At this moment, Jiang Zhengji's voice came from above: "Do you know where you went wrong? The moment that beast became visible, you guys should have attacked with all your might instead of hesitating until it devoured a large number of red-haired beasts and underwent a qualitative change in strength."

"During a life-and-death battle, even a moment of hesitation can lead to failure."

"After it entered the Golden Core stage, the outcome of this mission was already determined."

"Although the Tiancang Formation is powerful, this Golden Core beast has nearly endless kin as food, and will only become stronger as the battle goes on."

"On the other hand, your strength will only weaken."

"However, unexpectedly, under your mutual cooperation, you forced it into its red-furred form, which is beyond my expectations."

"It seems your usual practice hasn't been in vain."

"This time, you guys barely pass."

Huan Sui and the others, hearing Jiang Zhengji's words, first showed a hint of embarrassment.

But then, upon hearing that they passed the mission, they couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

Before Jiang Zhengji's words settled, he appeared above the Golden Core beast.

The beast sensed the danger and was about to react.

But it was too late.

The drifting snow in the sky rapidly flew towards the beast.

The blizzard covered the sky, completely enveloping the beast in an instant.

In a moment, the beast was tightly wrapped.

A somewhat comical giant snowman appeared under Jiang Zhengji's feet.

Initially, the beast inside the snowman wanted to struggle, but as the snow piled up thicker, its movements became weaker.

Eventually, it completely lost the power to resist.

As the Golden Core beast was sealed by the heavy snow, the twisted red fur around it squirmed, attempting to rescue it.

However, the countless red plum blossoms on the island scattered in the wind.

The red plum blossoms, like knives, continuously cut these red strands relentlessly and endlessly.

The divided red strands were split into fragments and fell under a red plum tree.

The petals, carrying the red fur, gradually withered.

Turning into dust, they were absorbed by the red plum tree.

Only fragrance was left in the world.

Jiang Zhengji looked at the red plum tree with admiration and gently stepped forward onto the head of the snowman.

The giant snowman then slowly shrank.

In the end, it turned into a palm-sized miniature model, which Jiang Zhengji collected.

In the blink of an eye, amidst the astonished expressions of Huan Sui and others, the Golden Core beast that left the Tiancang Team helpless was effortlessly captured.

The immense gap between the mid-Golden Core stage and the Foundation Establishment stage was evident.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 189: Immortal Ancestor


The Golden Core beast was subdued by the joint efforts of Jiang Zhengji and Du Xingchang.

The red-haired beasts on Wanlai Island finally showed a hint of fear.

They began to flee in the distance.

Some even attempted to jump into the sea to escape this place.

However, the formation previously arranged by Jiang Zhengji had completely sealed off Wanlai Island.

"Kill!"

Jiang Zhengji commanded, and the Tiancang Team once again ruthlessly and efficiently slaughtered.

At this point, Li Fan appeared to have completed his rest, activating the Spirit Fire Dragon Formation. Occasionally, he swung a faint blue sword light, reaping the lives of the red-haired beasts.

This time, there were no unexpected twists.

Half a day later, at sunset, only a quarter of the red-haired beasts on Wanlai Island remained after the ruthless slaughter.

"Stop!"

At this moment, Jiang Zhengji finally spoke again.

As the snow began to fall again, he once again used the method he employed to capture the Golden Core Beast, turning most of the remaining red-haired beasts on the island into tiny snowmen.

He then collected them, and it was unclear where he stored them.

"This mission went relatively smoothly. We can return to the island," he said calmly.

The exhausted five-person squad sighed with relief.

Li Fan also appeared to be exhausted.

"Much thanks to you this time. If it weren't for your crucial formations, I doubt they could have successfully passed the test," Jiang Zhengji said politely to Li Fan on the way back.

Li Fan looked apologetic, "The entire process was carried out by the fellow Daoists from the Martial Hall. I merely arranged some formations and didn't actually kill many beasts."

Jiang Zhengji smiled, "That's how a formation master should act. I see that your proficiency in formations is not weak. Although it doesn't compare to those masters, its impact in actual combat is enormous. Especially the 'Discordant Confusion Formation,' it's truly wonderful."

Li Fan shook his head, "Your praise is too much. It was just a moment of inspiration."

Then, he asked curiously, "Fellow Daoist, have you participated in dozens of these clearance missions? Could it be that these red-haired beasts have some special value? Otherwise, why not just wipe them out in one go?"

Jiang Zhengji nodded, "Your guess is correct. These red-haired beasts do have some uses."

"I previously captured a large batch alive because of this reason, instead of completely exterminating them."

"The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters has a task that requires various regions to collect and submit a certain quantity of treasures and beasts capable of absorbing sound each year."

"These red-haired beasts feed on sound, and although they are a bit weak, their large numbers meet the headquarters' mission requirements perfectly."

"The headquarters is quite satisfied with the sound-absorbing effect of these red-haired beasts. The quantity we need to submit every year has been increasing."

Speaking up to this point, Jiang Zhengji's face showed a sense of accomplishment.

"But these red-haired beasts don't have natural enemies, and they have no lack of food. Their reproduction is too fast."

"Coupled with their ability to devour their own kind to evolve, if the numbers get too high, there's no guarantee that a Nascent Soul-level monster won't emerge."

"That would be troublesome. To avoid this situation, we need to regularly clear the beasts on the island."

Jiang Zhengji explained with a smile.

"So, the number of these red-haired beasts should neither be too high nor too low," Li Fan nodded slowly and muttered to himself.

He seemed to recall something, slightly raising his head to look at the sky, then falling into contemplation.

Silence prevailed as they traveled back. When the group safely returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Li Fan bid farewell to everyone.

Back in the Tianxuan Mirror, he added Du Xingchang and others as friends.

Sitting cross-legged inside the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan's brows furrowed deeply.

He recalled the time during the twelfth life when, due to the breakthrough loaning business, a large number of Foundation Establishment cultivators emerged prematurely. This somehow attracted the pursuit of Dao Integration cultivators.

"There must not be too many cultivators because the new method is to plunder the heavens and earth. If the number of cultivators is allowed to expand recklessly, the resources of heaven and earth will deplete."

"Then why must there not be too few cultivators?"

"If one has already achieved immortality, why bother about ants?"

"The establishment of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and even the creation of the Five Elders Association are for the purpose of intentionally raising cultivators."

"The red-haired beasts are useful to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, so it is necessary to ensure a certain number of them."

"What use do cultivators have for the Immortal Ancestor of the Xuanhuang Realm?"

Before crossing over, Li Fan had heard that beneath the Immortal Ancestor, everyone was like ants.

The Immortal Ancestor was high above and saw all things as mere cattle and dogs.

The life and death of all things in the world did not enter the eyes of the Immortal Ancestor.

Even if a great calamity occurred and all living beings suffered, the Immortal Ancestor remained indifferent and unconcerned.

So why did the Immortal Ancestors of the Xuanhuang Realm need a certain number of cultivators?

After the endless slaughter brought about by different cultivation methods, on a wasteland of cultivation, why did the Immortal Ancestors who had achieved longevity create the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?

Out of compassion?

Or...

In an instant, several different answers flashed through Li Fan's mind.

But obviously, at this moment, none of them could be verified.

They could only be deeply hidden in his heart, and could only be confirmed in the future.

After calming down his turbulent emotions, Li Fan checked his permission level.

The reward for clearing the mission of exterminating the red-haired beasts was a lower-grade second level merit.

The actual increase in permission level was 2.6.

With just this one mission completed, Li Fan's permission level had risen to Three, with an additional sixty percent progress.

"It seems that in the early stages, increasing permission level is quite easy."

Li Fan then checked the newly appeared cultivation methods.

Unfortunately, he still hadn't found one that could split the mind into multiple tasks.

In the following period, Li Fan accepted and completed two more merit tasks.

One was an upper-grade third level merit, and the other was a lower-grade second level merit.

The process of completing the missions was very smooth, without any twists.

While getting to know many members within the system of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Li Fan's permission level increased to Five.

The quota for accepting merit tasks three times a year was used up, but he still hadn't found a suitable cultivation method.

"It seems that even with the limitless derivation of the Yanfa Jue within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the ability to multitask is still a very precious technique."

"I wonder at what permission level it will appear on the exchange list."

"The detailed information on techniques available for exchange at higher permission levels is confidential and cannot be easily disseminated. The higher the permission level, the higher the confidentiality. If accidentally leaked, it can result in deduction of your merit or even being held accountable and killed."

"If not for this, I could have asked others for information to at least have an idea."

"Now, I can only wait for another opportunity to try and raise my permission level as much as possible."

During this time, the situation at Tai'an Island guarded by Zhou Qingang remained normal.

However, Li Fan was very patient.

He believed that before the arrival of the Crimson Flame, Zhou Qingang would definitely reveal his true colors.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 190: The Show Begins


On this day, Li Fan received a message from Zhang Zhiliang, asking him to come to the Formation Hall.

After obtaining the position of Formation Repairer, Li Fan had not been engaged in any official tasks. Presumably, Zhang Zhiliang had been busy researching the Mountain and River Formation on that recently emerged island, and that was why he hadn't contacted Li Fan.

With the sudden summons, Li Fan did not delay. He changed into a black and yellow robe and proceeded to the Formation Hall.

With his new status within the system, the Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation above his head ignored Li Fan as he entered the central core area.

Walking into the oblique cube-shaped building, the small cube body seemed to recognize Li Fan's identity, automatically activating.

After a moment, Li Fan was brought into the space where Zhang Zhiliang was.

This place was extremely familiar to Li Fan. In the eleventh life, he had spent several years here, tirelessly researching formations day and night, which led him to officially step into the path of formations.

Looking ahead, Zhang Zhiliang stood with his back to him, motionless.

"Greetings, Senior." Li Fan spoke and bowed.

Zhang Zhiliang seemed as if he hadn't heard, remaining unmoved.

Seeing this, Li Fan repeated his greeting.

As if there was a long delay, after a considerable amount of time, Zhang Zhiliang finally turned around.

"Oh... you... are here."

Li Fan immediately discerned that the figure before him should be some kind of clone or projection.

However, he still inquired, "Senior, has the research on the Mountain and River Formation concluded?"

After a while, Zhang Zhiliang's intermittent voice sounded.

"Not yet. The research on the Mountain and River Formation is at a critical juncture... It's even more complicated than imagined... It's estimated to take another year or two to finish."

"Brother Li seems to have something urgent, so you left in haste..."

"I also... suddenly remembered that since you joined, I haven't taught you any formations."

"Now, in this situation, I can't spare the time."

"But if I postpone it for another one or two years, it wouldn't be justifiable."

"So, I will provide you with relevant formation information first. You can study on your own."

"If you have any doubts, I'll answer them one by one when I return."

He spoke in a disjointed manner, and it took quite a while to finish this sentence.

After saying this, Zhang Zhiliang handed over a storage ring.

Li Fan took the storage ring, and with a sweep of his divine sense, he was not unfamiliar with the contents inside.

Encrypted jade slips and Heart Monkey Bones.

"Previously, you managed to grasp the basics of formations through self-study. Your talent should be... not bad. The encrypted jade slip inside this storage ring is a carefully compiled summary of the basics of formation. Study it attentively and cross-reference it with what you've learned. After reading it thoroughly, your proficiency in formations should see a significant improvement."

After giving this last piece of advice, Zhang Zhiliang's figure vanished without a sound.

Li Fan stored the ring and returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

Taking out the encrypted jade slip, he carefully read it. He found that it was similar to what Zhang Zhiliang had taught him in the previous life but with many additional examples of formations.

For instance, the current guardian formation of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance: the "Heavenly Origin Vitality Formation."

Unlike the defensive Mountains and Rivers Formation from three thousand years ago, the present Heavenly Origin Vitality Formation emphasized both offense and defense. It also had the effect of absorbing the vitality of ordinary people within the formation to enhance the concentration of spiritual energy.

Although the core structural data of the Heavenly Origin Vitality Formation was not included in the jade slip, there were still diagrams of some nodes of the formation. From these details, Li Fan could glimpse the vastness and intricacy of the Heavenly Origin Vitality Formation.

In the jade slip, Zhang Zhiliang also left some reminders.

The content of this grand formation was an absolute secret of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and must not be leaked.

Apart from the Heavenly Origin Vitality Formation, the jade slip also analyzed many other formations that Li Fan had never seen before, such as the "Green Wood Spirit Gathering Formation" and the "Soaring Immortal Five Thunder Formation," broadening Li Fan's horizons.

However, these formations were profound and extremely intricate. Li Fan merely skimmed through them briefly without delving too deep.

Because now, he had something else to do.

Putting down the jade slip, Li Fan checked the price of the Spirit Mist Grass.

Previously, Zhang Zhiliang mentioned that He Zhenghao, who was engrossed in researching the Mountain and River Formation, hastily left without caring for anything else. Li Fan speculated that something might have happened, likely the attack of the dragonwhale on the island cultivating Spirit Mist Grass.

Considering the time, it should be about right.

Sure enough, the price of Spirit Mist Grass had recently experienced a slight increase. It went up from 18 contribution points per plant to 19 points.

Li Fan currently had a stock of 2,700 plants on hand, so there was no rush to sell them now. After all, it would take some time for the news to spread, the incident to escalate, and the price of Spirit Mist Grass to skyrocket to 25 points.

"A price of 25 points is still too low. Perhaps I can stir the pot a bit..."

"However, it's not appropriate for the main body to intervene. It's time to use the clone."

Li Fan's eyes flickered.

The clone, who had been quietly running errands on Ten Thousand Immortals Island and barely maintaining what he needed to survive, activated a Concealing Form Talisman to hide its cultivation and appearance. It arrived at the Thousand Mile Hall.

The entrance to the shop was deserted, with no customers in sight. Jiao Xiuyuan lay lazily behind the counter, resting with closed eyes.

As soon as Li Fan entered, Jiao Xiuyuan bounced up, wearing a respectful expression, "Finally, a customer! What would you like?"

"Formations, talismans, spiritual weapons, and elixirs, we have it all, and discounts are available for bulk purchases!"

Li Fan chuckled, "I heard that Senior Jiao has quite a few flawed Concealing Form Talismans eliminated from the Talisman Hall?"

Jiao Xiuyuan playfully smiled, "There are indeed many Concealing Form Talismans, but where I got them from is a secret. How many do you want, fellow Daoist?"

"How many do I want? I actually want to buy all the Concealing Form Talismans fellow Daoist has..." Li Fan was halfway through his sentence before Jiao Xiuyuan's face lit up with excitement.

"But I'm short on contribution points!" he sighed, changing the topic.

Jiao Xiuyuan's face turned black, and he spoke in an unfriendly tone, "You scoundrel, are you trying to mock me?"

But then he furrowed his brows, somewhat puzzled, "Why do you need so many Concealing Form Talismans? One person should only need to have a few on hand."

Li Fan smiled faintly, "This is the reason I came to fellow Daoist Jiao."

Seeing that Jiao Xiuyuan was interested, Li Fan temporarily kept him in suspense, remaining silent.

Jiao Xiuyuan sneered, "Are you trying to whet my appetite? Who knows if what you're saying is true or false?"

"If you don't want to say it, forget it!"

Li Fan didn't get angry but smiled, then turned and walked away without any hesitation.

As he walked, he sighed, "They say Jiao Xiuyuan of Thousand Mile Hall never engages in losing deals. I thought his business acumen was extraordinary, but it seems to be nothing special."

Shaking his head, Li Fan, with one foot already out of the Thousand Mile Hall's main door, thought, "Wait!"

"Wait!"

At this moment, Jiao Xiuyuan shouted, stopping him.

Enthusiastically pulling Li Fan back, he closed the shop's door.

Jiao Xiuyuan rubbed his hands, "Although I know you are using provocative tactics, I am willingly falling for it."

He looked greedy, "Because I smell the scent of a business opportunity."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 191: Economic Bubble


"Smell a business opportunity? What does that mean?" Li Fan looked at Jiao Xiuyuan with interest and asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan looked pleased, "Just like those who can intuitively sense danger, I, Jiao Xiuyuan, have been able to effortlessly find the path to uncountable profits from countless complicated and useless information since childhood! It's pure instinct. Others can only envy me!"

He glanced at Li Fan again, "Just as fellow Daoist Li was leaving a moment ago, I felt an immense sense of loss."

"It was as if I saw a large amount of contribution points leaving me; my heart was bleeding!"

"So, I am certain that what fellow Daoist Li said is true!" Jiao Xiuyuan concluded.

Li Fan was a bit surprised that he indeed had such talent.

However, recalling his previous interactions with Jiao Xiuyuan, Li Fan nodded slowly.

"In that case, what price is fellow Daoist willing to offer?" Jiao Xiuyuan pondered for a moment and made a three with his fingers.

"What does this mean? Three thousand contribution points?" Li Fan looked for a while but couldn't understand its representation, asking in confusion.

Jiao Xiuyuan said solemnly, "Thirty percent. Fellow Daoist Li will receive thirty percent of the profits brought by this piece of information."

Li Fan squinted, somewhat incredulous, "So generous?"

Jiao Xiuyuan smiled, "Fellow Daoist Li is not a businessman after all and doesn't understand the true value of timely information. Under specific circumstances, a piece of information be profitable a hundred or thousand times over. Thirty percent of the profit is hardly a huge cost compared to a thousand times return?"

Li Fan couldn't help but applaud, "Fellow Daoist speaks the truth. However, words alone are not enough. How can I ensure that fellow Daoist won't turn back on the agreement later?"

Jiao Xiuyuan chuckled, "It seems fellow Daoist Li is not familiar with the ways of business. There are rules in business."

He took out a golden foil paper from somewhere and quickly wrote down the terms. After showing it to Li Fan for confirmation, he unhesitatingly wrote down his own name.

"Fellow Daoist, please!" He handed the foil paper to Li Fan.

Li Fan carefully read it and finally wrote down the name of his clone: Lin Fan.

The golden foil paper instantly turned into three copies. Two flew towards Jiao Xiuyuan and Li Fan, while the other soared into the sky, heading to an unknown destination.

After a moment, Li Fan felt an inexplicable force descending onto his clone.

This force constrained and bound the clone, requiring it to fulfill the agreed-upon terms on the golden foil paper.

It was as if it had become the will of the clone itself, and there was no turning back.

One would actively fulfill the agreement.

"The power to change mental cognition..." Sensing the inexplicable changes in his mind, the clone was suddenly startled.

However, Li Fan's main body, which was located within the Tianxuan Mirror, was unaffected.

"The Sun Stealing Technique is truly ingenious." Relieved, Li Fan silently praised.

On the clone's side, coerced by the golden foil paper, it immediately revealed the news that the Spirit Mist Grass Island might have been attacked by a dragonwhale, resulting in the destruction of all Spirit Mist Grass.

"The Spirit Mist Grass Island was destroyed?" Jiao Xiuyuan's eyes, upon hearing this, shined with greed.

"Fellow Daoist, wait a moment. Let me investigate!" He closed his eyes.

After a while, he opened his eyes abruptly, excitedly pacing back and forth, "The news is accurate! Spirit Mist Grass Island in the Cong Yun Sea is one of the largest cultivation sites for Spirit Mist Grass. At least one-fifth of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's Spirit Mist Grass comes from there."

"Now, with all the Spirit Mist Grass on the island destroyed, the price of Spirit Mist Grass will inevitably soar in a short time."

"The prices of secondary products like Concealing Form Talisman will also skyrocket."

Suddenly, he paused, furrowing his brows, "However, after all, it's only used from Foundation Establishment to Golden Core, and Spirit Mist Grass is still grown elsewhere. Even if the price rises, it will likely increase by at most half."

"Compared to the business opportunity I detected, it falls far short."

"What exactly is the problem?"

After thinking for a long time, he couldn't find an answer.

Jiao Xiuyuan instantly became somewhat irritable.

An unsettling aura began to emanate from him.

Li Fan, listening to Jiao Xiuyuan's muttering, was also lost in thought.

He recalled various anecdotes he had heard in his previous life; He Zhenghao and a small group of people were gearing up to take advantage of this opportunity and make a big profit. After the price of Spirit Mist Grass rose, it immediately attracted more people to follow suit.

With all the clues strung together, Li Fan suddenly understood. He patted Jiao Xiuyuan's shoulder and said in a deep voice, "This business opportunity is not about Spirit Mist Grass; it's about people!"

Jiao Xiuyuan was slightly stunned, his eyes initially filled with a bit of confusion. Then he instantly became clear-minded and exclaimed, "Fellow Daoist's words have awakened me! Indeed, the profit lies in people, not the grass!"

While enlightening Jiao Xiuyuan, Li Fan's main body in the Tianxuan Mirror also started buying Spirit Mist Grass. Unfortunately, there were only a little over two thousand contribution points left, which was barely enough.

At this moment, Jiao Xiuyuan's aura changed. He no longer had the previous wretched appearance and instead carried an inexplicable dominance. "Profits come from manipulating people, and I must act as the master," he declared.

No visible actions were taken, but in an instant, Li Fan saw the price of Spirit Mist Grass skyrocketing at a visible speed: 19, 20, 21...

In an instant, the price of Spirit Mist Grass surged to 22 points. "The Thousand Mile Hall is spread across the cultivation world..." Li Fan's eyelids twitched. Jiao Xiuyuan, it seemed, was not exaggerating previously.

However, Jiao Xiuyuan's actions had just begun.

"Now that I am the master, I invite all the guests to take their seats," he declared with a deep, low laugh.

Subsequently, as if entering a deep sleep, he remained motionless. For a while, the Thousand Mile Hall fell into silence. Li Fan, however, knew what he was doing.

Jiao Xiuyuan was undoubtedly using his countless puppets spread throughout the cultivation world to vigorously spread the news of the destruction of the Spirit Mist Grass Island.

It would take time for the matter to ferment, and patience was the key.

Just then, an extremely excited message from He Zhenghao arrived. "Fellow Daoist Li Fan! Do you still remember when I told you before that I would lead you to make a fortune?! Now the opportunity has come! I've received accurate information that the island where Spirit Mist Grass is cultivated has been attacked by beasts. All the Spirit Mist Grass on the island has been destroyed."

"The price of Spirit Mist Grass is bound to soar!"

"Don't believe me? Look, in a short time, it has already risen from 18 points to 22 points!"

"But it's okay; it will definitely rise even more!"

"Don't miss the opportunity; fellow Daoist, act quickly!"

A mysterious smile appeared at the corner of Li Fan's mouth as he quickly replied, "Thank you, fellow Daoist He. I've gone all in."

...

When the bubble appeared, everyone understood that this bubble would burst with a single touch.

However, in the face of enormous profits, everyone lost their sanity and threw themselves into it.

As Jiao Xiuyuan's countless puppets began to act, a piece of news spread throughout the immortal cultivation world.

And as it spread, it gradually became known to everyone.

The price of Spirit Mist Grass would rise.

Thus, the bubble began its first expansion.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 192: The Dealer Enters the Game


In the twelfth life, only a small group of people, including He Zhenghao, were the first to learn that the Spirit Mist Grass Island had been destroyed, and subsequently, they prepared to speculate on this opportunity.

From beginning to end, the impact of the Spirit Mist Grass incident was limited to a few areas.

However, in this era, when the puppetmaster changed from the Greenwood Rebirth True Lord in the twelfth life to Jiao Xiuyuan, whose cultivation level was unknown but whose business spread throughout the entire cultivation world, there was a significant change in the situation.

Countless puppets acted as propaganda machines, spreading the news of the destruction of the Spirit Mist Grass Island through various channels, quietly propagating throughout the entire Xuanhuang Realm in half a day.

Even if only one percent of the cultivators who heard this news had speculative thoughts, and among those who had such thoughts, only one percent took action, it was still an extremely large number.

Moreover, in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, where accumulating contribution points through ordinary means was quite difficult, such an "obvious" opportunity to make a big profit attracted a considerable number of cultivators who were not willing to miss out.

So, in reality, the number of cultivators involved in speculating on Spirit Mist Grass far exceeded this number.

Although most cultivators were not very affluent, they could still afford one or two Spirit Mist Grass.

With the hope of making a profit, numerous cultivators, in the fastest possible time, rushed back into the Tianxuan Mirror, competing to buy Spirit Mist Grass.

Therefore, half a day after He Zhenghao sent a message to Li Fan.

The price of Spirit Mist Grass rose from 22 contribution points per plant to 35 points.

This was ten points higher than the peak price of 25 points in the twelfth life.

Furthermore, the upward trend showed no sign of ending.

Excited messages from He Zhenghao continued to come.

"Haha, fellow Daoist Li Fan, I was right, wasn't I? The price of Spirit Mist Grass will definitely rise again!"

"In just half a day, it has risen by fifty percent, and I've recovered all my previous losses!"

"Fellow Daoist, remember, don't sell the Spirit Mist Grass in your hands now. The news of the reduction in the production of Spirit Mist Grass has now spread like wildfire outside. I don't know how many cultivators are joining the buying frenzy."

"We all agree that it's far from the time to sell. At least, it will rise another fifty percent!"

"Hahaha, I'm about to purchase my Nascent Soul technique!"

He Zhenghao was extremely excited.

Li Fan replied perfunctorily, praising him with a few words.

However, his attention was focused on his clone.

"Fellow Daoist Jiao, I think the price has already risen a lot. Can we cash out now?" Looking at the steadily rising numbers in the Tianxuan Mirror in front of him, Li Fan tentatively asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan's face showed little excitement. He closed his eyes and sensed for a moment, then shook his head, "No, it's not time yet."

"There are still greater variables yet to come. Just wait patiently."

"Greater variables?" Li Fan paced back and forth in the Thousand Mile Hall, constantly pondering in his mind.

"According to common sense, the price of Spirit Mist Grass has already risen to a very high level. I don't know what this so-called variable is."

But Li Fan knew that with the existence of the Five Element Subworlds, no matter how high the price of Spirit Mist Grass rose, the final outcome would surely be a plummet to the ground.

Even if he didn't have time to cash out, at most, he would lose ten thousand contribution points.

He could easily earn it back, so he was completely calm as he watched the situation develop.

Like Li Fan, many others decided to wait patiently.

For example, the Greenwood Rebirth True Lord.

He held nearly ten thousand Spirit Mist Grass plants cultivated in his own cave. Some time ago, he accidentally heard that the alliance headquarters seemed to have discovered a super large-scale wood-attribute subworld. There were countless spiritual plants and herbs inside.

He feared that the price of Spirit Mist Grass would plummet in the future.

So, he began to systematically sell the Spirit Mist Grass in his hands. Although he tried to slow down the sale as much as possible, suppressing the price fluctuations to within the usual range, the price of Spirit Mist Grass still uncontrollably dropped from the higher price of 21 points to the historical low of 18 points.

Greenwood Rebirth True Lord instantly realized that he was definitely not the only one who knew this information.

However, for the sake of their own interests, everyone tacitly chose to slowly release their goods, preventing the price from collapsing too suddenly.

Just as Greenwood Rebirth True Lord had sold more than half of the ten thousand Spirit Mist Grass plants, he suddenly realized that the price of Spirit Mist Grass had not only stopped falling abruptly but also began a large-scale rebound.

Before he could react, the price had risen back to its previous level.

This anomaly indicated something unusual.

Greenwood Rebirth True Lord immediately mobilized his connections and found the possible cause of the incident.

The Spirit Mist Grass Island was destroyed, and the Spirit Mist Grass cultivated on the island was annihilated.

The keen Greenwood Rebirth True Lord immediately realized that this was a rare opportunity.

So, he decisively switched from selling to buying, repurchasing all the Spirit Mist Grass he had previously sold.

Although he suffered a loss in the process, the price of Spirit Mist Grass quickly skyrocketed further.

In a single stroke, he turned losses into gains.

The fierceness of this upward trend made Greenwood Rebirth True Lord feel both surprised and a little anxious.

Greenwood Rebirth True Lord, who focused on planting various spiritual plants, understood Spirit Mist Grass better than most cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The price of 35 points clearly exceeded its inherent value.

Not to mention the existence of the wood-attribute cave, Spirit Mist Grass would surely eventually plummet naturally.

However, Greenwood Rebirth True Lord, who had decided to sell the over ten thousand Spirit Mist Grass in his possession, hesitated as he watched the seemingly endless rise in its price.

"Maybe... let's wait another moment?"

"This sudden surge is obviously abnormal. There are traces of many people pushing it behind the scenes."

"Perhaps, it will rise a little more?"

Once the thought arose, it was impossible to let it go.

After all, for Greenwood Rebirth True Lord, every single increase in the price of Spirit Mist Grass meant an additional ten thousand contribution points.

Even for a Nascent Soul True Lord, obtaining over ten thousand contributions was not so easy.

In his daily efforts to care for these Spirit Mist Grass plants, Greenwood Rebirth True Lord had truly spared no effort, wasting a lot of energy.

Working tirelessly, he could only earn a few tens of thousands of contribution points for his hard work.

Yet now, in the blink of an eye, he easily obtained a similar profit.

The young Greenwood Rebirth True Lord, at this moment, still didn't understand the principle that a floating profit is not a real profit.

Faced with the rapidly growing wealth on the account, Greenwood Rebirth True Lord was lost.

He decided that when the price of Spirit Mist Grass rose a bit more, he would sell the Spirit Mist Grass in his hands.

"With the news of the discovery of the wood-attribute cave, the prices of spiritual plants will definitely decrease in the future."

"Earning contributions will also become more and more difficult."

"The opportunity is rare. If I don't take advantage of this opportunity to make a final profit, I will definitely regret it later."

Watching the price continue to rise, Greenwood Rebirth True Lord gradually became obsessed.

He easily convinced himself.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 193: Profit Without Capital


In the twelfth life, the mastermind behind the speculation of Spirit Mist Grass was Greenwood Rebirth True Lord.

However, in this life, he abandoned his role as the mastermind and entered the game for personal gain.

There were many behind-the-scenes players with the same mindset as Greenwood Rebirth True Lord.

Under the influence of these individuals, the price of Spirit Mist Grass, after briefly stabilizing at 35 points, began its second surge.

On the second day of the event, the price skyrocketed to 50 points at one point.

Then it dropped to 45 points, fluctuating between 45-50 points.

The fact that the price of Spirit Mist Grass more than doubled in a short period became a topic of discussion among many cultivators.

They were excited, and in their conversations, it seemed as if the price of Spirit Mist Grass would at least rise to a hundred points.

Gradually, many latecomers, who were inevitably attracted, began to participate.

Under this influence, on the third day, the price of Spirit Mist Grass successfully broke through the 50-point mark, soaring to 54 points.

In the Thousand Mile Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortals Island:

"Fellow Daoist Jiao, can we take action now?" Li Fan asked again.

Jiao Xiuyuan's eyes were filled with greed, and he shook his head vigorously, "No, not yet! Right now, Spirit Mist Grass is still Spirit Mist Grass. The real profit will come when Spirit Mist Grass is no longer just Spirit Mist Grass! It's close; I feel that we're just a step away!"

On the other side, He Zhenghao shared the same opinion as Jiao Xiuyuan.

"Fellow Daoist Li Fan, remember, firmly hold onto Spirit Mist Grass. Don't believe those who say its price will crash. Those are rumors spread by people who haven't joined the fray yet, trying to lower the price. Trust my judgment! The price of Spirit Mist Grass will rise again!"

...

As if confirming their words, in the following days, the price of Spirit Mist Grass continued to rise.

It reached 66 points.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan shook his head, "It seems that we are just a spark away from real madness. Of course, the bubble could burst at any moment."

Li Fan looked at the 2,900 Spirit Mist Grass in his hands and decisively chose to sell a thousand.

At this moment, Li Fan discovered another advantage of being in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance system: according to the permission level, he could sell goods at the actual market price a certain number of times each year.

At permission level five in the system, he could do it three times a year.

So, at 66 points of contribution, Li Fan sold the Spirit Mist Grass, gaining 66,000 contributions instantly.

Li Fan remained calm and continued to observe how the situation would evolve.

When the price of Spirit Mist Grass reached 69 points, the upward trend was finally restrained.

Some enthusiasts also began to feel that the price of Spirit Mist Grass had indeed been pushed too high.

There was a risk of collapse.

So, like Li Fan, they chose to secure their gains and tried to advise their fellow Daoists to stay rational.

The price did decrease a bit due to this, but it was quickly pushed back up by more speculative cultivators.

However, it never broke through the barrier of 69 points.

The bulls and bears engaged in fierce battles, lasting for five or six days without a clear winner.

Just when the situation reached a deadlock, an unexpected turn of events occurred, much to Li Fan's surprise.

The variable that Jiao Xiuyuan mentioned had truly arrived.

On this day, the slightly insane messages of Jiao Xiuyuan and He Zhenghao came simultaneously.

"Hahaha, fellow Daoist Li Fan, how's my foresight? The price of Spirit Mist Grass is going to soar to the sky!"

"It's here! The real opportunity for tens of times the profit has finally arrived!"

Li Fan was awakened from his cultivation and glanced at the price of Spirit Mist Grass.

Suddenly, he thought he had seen it wrong.

One hundred and thirty-five points per plant.

Li Fan was stunned and looked again.

One hundred and sixty-six points per plant.

Moreover, this number was increasing rapidly.

"How can this be?" Li Fan was bewildered.

He quickly inquired.

Jiao Xiuyuan and He Zhenghao, one after another, gave the answer.

Both of them spoke with excitement, their voices trembling slightly.

"Just now, the news came."

"Hidden Dragon Abyss, Misty Phoenix City, and Cangmeng Island..."

"These major cultivation sites for Spirit Mist Grass within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance were simultaneously attacked by unidentified cultivators."

"All the cultivated Spirit Mist Grass was destroyed."

"These people are crazy; they even completely destroyed the special environments designed to grow Spirit Mist Grass in those places!"

"This means that, for a long time, there won't be any new Spirit Mist Grass growing in the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance!"

...

"These people really dare..."

Li Fan couldn't help but fall silent.

He couldn't help but recall the well-known words of wisdom from before he crossed over.

For 10% profit, all people will be attracted; for 20% profit, people become active; for 50% profit, people become daring; for 100% profit, people will subvert the law; for 300% profit, people will dare to commit any crime, even risking execution.

Even in a different world, it was still the same.

Moreover, at this moment, it was not just a threefold profit.

The news of the simultaneous attacks on cultivation sites instantly ignited the price of Spirit Mist Grass.

In just the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, it rose from over 160 points to 212 points.

Furthermore, it was still rising without a limit.

Cultivators who had previously sold Spirit Mist Grass at over sixty points, in their remorse, tearfully bought it again.

Seeing the price of Spirit Mist Grass soaring upward again, cultivators who already had Spirit Mist Grass but were still wealthy couldn't help but want to buy again.

For a moment, in the Tianxuan Mirror, the price of Spirit Mist Grass once again irrationally skyrocketed.

Two hundred and fifty-five, two hundred and eighty-two, two hundred and ninety-nine...

Soon, its price exceeded three hundred points.

At this point, the majority of cultivators understood that the price of Spirit Mist Grass had become a complete bubble.

But they were all gambling.

They were betting that they could escape unscathed before the bubble burst, while also earning contributions that they couldn't earn in a lifetime of labor.

The greed of human nature was fully revealed.

The rising trend that could explode at any moment made Li Fan feel shocked as well.

Suddenly, a strong sense of unease surged in his heart. At the price of three hundred and ten points, Li Fan decisively sold all the remaining 1,900 Spirit Mist Grass in his hands.

This didn't even cause a ripple, and it was instantly swallowed by the irrational cultivators.

Five hundred and eighty-nine thousand contributions.

Adding the previous sixty-six thousand, Li Fan looked at his total of six hundred and fifty thousand contributions as if in a dream.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 194: A Word to Settle the Storm


In the twelfth life, although Li Fan had once possessed a fortune exceeding a million contributions, it was the result of diligently cultivating and gaining contributions through the Mingyue Palace over several years.

It was hard-earned money.

It was nothing like the current situation, where Li Fan had almost invested nothing. Merely by seizing the opportunity to drive speculation, he had collected six hundred and fifty thousand contributions in the blink of an eye.

This huge sum of money came too easily, making the situation seem surreal and illusory.

Li Fan calmed down a bit. Looking at He Zhenghao and Jiao Xiuyuan, who were still immersed in fervent greed, both the main and the clone couldn't help but offer some advice.

"Pull out, fellow Daoist He!"

"Call it quits, fellow Daoist Jiao!"

"You've earned enough now; don't delay until it's too late!"

Although the two were in different positions, their reactions were surprisingly consistent.

"Stop now? How is that possible?! The surge of Spirit Mist Grass has just begun! Those several cultivation sites being destroyed indicate that the big shots have truly entered the scene! Three hundred contribution points is not the end; it's just the beginning! Fellow Daoist, don't delude yourself!" He Zhenghao meticulously analyzed, disdainful of Li Fan's suggestion.

"Not enough, not enough, it's still not enough! The opportunity isn't over; let's wait a bit longer!" Although Jiao Xiuyuan was a bit more rational, he still harbored greed, wanting to earn a bit more.

Seeing their states, Li Fan knew that it was impossible for them to listen to anyone's advice now.

"Good advice is worthless to those blinded by greed."

"I wonder how many fanatic cultivators will lose their family fortune and shatter their Dao hearts after this."

Li Fan sighed inwardly.

The bursting of the Spirit Mist Grass bubble was faster than Li Fan had imagined.

It was beyond the expectations of the majority of fanatic cultivators.

The price of Spirit Mist Grass soared all the way up, breaking through the three hundred and fifty-point mark. It was on the verge of breaking through four hundred points.

All the cultivators who were rushing to buy Spirit Mist Grass in front of the Tianxuan Mirror suddenly had the slightly mechanical and cold voice of the Tianxuan Mirror echoing in their minds.

"Due to the significant abnormal fluctuations in the price of Spirit Mist Grass in recent days, to ensure the stable and harmonious development of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the following announcement is hereby made."

"The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance discovered a closed subworld three months ago. This subworld is extremely vast, with a high concentration of wood-attribute spiritual energy and a rich variety of spiritual plants and herbs."

"According to a rough estimate, this subworld's production of Spirit Mist Grass alone has an annual yield of around ten million plants."

"This is completely capable of satisfying all the internal production and consumption needs of the alliance."

...

The cultivators no longer paid attention to what came after the Tianxuan Mirror's announcement.

When they heard that the annual yield of Spirit Mist Grass was as high as ten million plants, their expressions froze.

Endless fear instantly descended, occupying their minds.

There were rumors previously about the wood-attribute subworld.

But under the crazy surge in the price of Spirit Mist Grass, no one was willing to believe this information.

They would rather believe that someone with ulterior motives released this information to disrupt the market.

They were unwilling to believe in the truth of the information.

However, it was different now, because the one announcing this news was the Tianxuan Mirror.

As the fundamental platform for all resource exchanges within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, no one would doubt the words of the Tianxuan Mirror.

So, after the announcement of the Tianxuan Mirror, all cultivators felt as if they had been struck by lightning.

There was only one thought in their minds.

Flee.

Flee as fast as possible, and lose as little as possible.

But...

All cultivators knew that the price of Spirit Mist Grass had completely collapsed.

Everyone wanted to sell the Spirit Mist Grass in their hands.

And no one was willing to buy anymore.

The final straw that broke the camel's back was when the Tianxuan Mirror directly announced a unified repurchase price.

Four points of contribution per plant.

Cultivators who wanted to use their privileges to sell to the Tianxuan Mirror according to the real-time price found that the Tianxuan Mirror refused to repurchase.

As a result, Li Fan witnessed a scene that he would never forget.

The price of Spirit Mist Grass, like a waterfall, plummeted.

The number changed rapidly, going from three digits to two digits.

From two digits to one digit.

In just over a dozen breaths, the price of Spirit Mist Grass dropped from nearly four hundred points to four points.

Instantly, it plummeted by ninety-nine percent.

In the Thousand Mile Hall, Jiao Xiuyuan's expression became stagnant, a hideous look frozen on his face.

"I, Jiao Xiuyuan, never make losing deals..."

After struggling to utter a few words, cracks appeared on his body, and the breath of life rapidly disappeared.

In an instant, Jiao Xiuyuan went from a living person to a withered, yellow, and dilapidated piece of wood.

With a thud, it fell to the ground, breaking into several pieces.

"Fellow Daoist Jiao!" Li Fan couldn't help but exclaim, rushing forward to check.

"I'm... fine."

From under the counter in the Thousand Mile Hall came Jiao Xiuyuan's gritted teeth voice.

Another intact Jiao Xiuyuan crawled out from under a pile of debris, carrying a smile uglier than tears.

"Clearly, the opportunity hadn't ended, but it was all cut off by the Tianxuan Mirror's single statement..."

"Now, we're in big trouble."

Li Fan also pretended to look lost and dejected. "I advised you to stop early on, but you didn't listen."

"My thirty percent profit has also turned into nothing."

"If you had cashed out at three hundred points, or even at two hundred points, it would have been an unimaginable profit..."

"Bang!"

Countless cracks appeared on the new Jiao Xiuyuan's face.

In an instant, it exploded into countless fragments.

"Stop talking..."

"Let me take a break..."

Another Jiao Xiuyuan slowly and painfully crawled out from the debris, replying with a face full of anguish.

Seeing this, Li Fan seemed to have come back to his senses and, with a horrified expression, his gaze moved back and forth between the wooden debris on the ground and Jiao Xiuyuan. "Fellow Daoist Jiao, are you human?"

Changing the subject seemed to suit Jiao Xiuyuan's intentions.

He coughed, waving his hand weakly. "Fellow Daoist, don't panic. I am, of course, a human. It's just that I cultivate the Ten Thousand Puppet Dao."

"The Ten Thousand Puppet Dao?" Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

"Don't tell me, don't tell me that all the shopkeepers of the Thousand Mile Hall across the cultivation world are your puppets?" Li Fan knowingly asked.

"Hehe, that's right. Business is difficult, so naturally, I have to manage everything myself. Employing more people means incurring more costs. Sometimes, having a large store is not necessarily a good thing!" Jiao Xiuyuan flipped over and lay down, saying weakly.

"Like this time, just exploding so many puppets is going to..."

Before he could finish his sentence, this puppet also exploded with a loud bang.

"Fellow Daoist, don't speak. Let me rest for a moment."

Jiao Xiuyuan's weak voice came from the bottom of the debris.

A communication talisman flew to Li Fan's face.

"Let's chat later..."

Li Fan shook the communication talisman in his hand and quietly walked out of the Thousand Mile Hall.

It wasn't just Jiao Xiuyuan who suffered a heavy blow.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 195: Finally Showing Signs


The Ten Thousand Immortals Island and even the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was gloomy in the following period.

Every cultivator Li Fan saw appeared dispirited.

In fact, Li Fan heard that many cultivators, after losing their fortunes, chose to end their lives in despair.

Every now and then, death announcements could be seen in the sky, a sign of those who took extreme measures.

Some gamblers who had leveraged heavily and intended to take a risk found themselves deeply in debt after the drastic drop in Spirit Mist Grass prices.

Their debt was so insurmountable that even a lifetime of labor couldn't repay.

In order to escape debt, some chose to resist forcefully, while others directly defected from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, seeking refuge with the Five Elders Association.

Apparently, there were so many defectors that the manpower of the Martial Hall was insufficient.

The Tianxuan Mirror broke the norm and issued numerous assassination missions in succession as merit tasks.

Furthermore, there were no limits on the number of times these missions could be accepted.

For a while, the entire Xuanhuang Realm was in turmoil and unrest.

It was evident how significant the impact of the Spirit Mist Grass incident was.

Li Fan also followed suit, completing several assassination missions and raising his permission level to Eight.

Strangely enough, just a little over a month later, the turmoil spontaneously subsided.

The sorrow on the faces of cultivators slowly dissipated, and they returned to their former lively appearances.

It seemed as if they had forgotten the recent Spirit Mist Grass incident, rarely mentioning it in their conversations.

Even if brought up occasionally, people didn't show signs of deep distress but instead added a touch of mockery and banter.

"You only lost fifty thousand contribution points? Are you kidding?"

"Hehe, look at us, who hasn't lost eighty or a hundred thousand?"

Conversations like these could be heard everywhere.

Gradually, the collective memory of the cultivators about the Spirit Mist Grass incident faded away.

In the end, only the lamentation of "It's really hard to earn contribution points" remained.

However, Li Fan's memory did not weaken, partially because he was a complete beneficiary in this upheaval, devoid of painful and anxious memories.

Additionally, his 650,000 contribution points reminded him constantly.

"It seems like I don't have to worry about contribution points for a long time."

Thinking so, Li Fan sent another message to He Zhenghao.

In the meantime, Li Fan had visited He Zhenghao once.

In this life, he seemed to have suffered even greater losses than in the twelfth life.

He looked as if he had been severely traumatized, his eyes vacant and dull.

Calling his name only prompted an instinctive response.

It wasn't until recently, under the influence of the Immortal Ancestor, that he slowly recovered.

He regretted not heeding Li Fan's advice.

Upon learning that Li Fan had successfully pulled out before the bubble burst, he was even more envious.

"Ah, fellow Daoist Li Fan, it would have been so much better if I had listened to your advice back then."

This was probably the umpteenth time Li Fan had heard He Zhenghao say something like this.

"Investing is all about talent. Fellow Daoist He, you obviously aren't suited for it. Listen to my advice, and from now on, focus on doing missions honestly to accumulate contribution points!"

"As long as your life is safe and your cultivation is intact, you can always start anew!"

Li Fan said with a serious tone.

"Yes, yes, fellow Daoist, you're right." He Zhenghao nodded repeatedly, then tentatively asked, "I wonder how much profit fellow Daoist made this time?"

"Hehe, a lot. A whole lot." Li Fan said with a cheerful tone.

He Zhenghao's face showed envy, and he seemed to want to say something but hesitated, his mouth opening and closing several times without speaking.

Li Fan didn't rush to reveal it and decided to let him simmer a bit longer.

It was evident that He Zhenghao was not the only one who had lost a lifetime's savings due to an unwise investment.

After putting away the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance communication talisman, Li Fan's attention shifted to Zhou Qingang on Taian Island.

He appeared restless, carrying a frown, pacing back and forth as if contemplating something but unable to make up his mind.

Suddenly, his expression changed, and he took out a talisman, saying with resentment, "Ok, ok, ok! It's just fifty thousand contribution points. I'm the island guardian; rest assured, by the end of this month, I will definitely pay it back!"

Putting away the communication talisman, Zhou Qingang's face became gloomy.

It seemed that he had finally made a decision. Activating a Concealing Form Talisman, he flew out of the Taian Island's guardian formation.

Arriving in a desolate, uninhabited sea area, he lingered for a moment, and his aura suddenly changed.

Furthermore, Li Fan saw from the Vision of Heaven and Earth that Zhou Qingang's appearance had undergone a complete change in an instant.

It wasn't a mere illusion or disguise; he had fundamentally transformed into another person.

The original Zhou Qingang was a quiet young scholar.

Now, he had become a thin, inconspicuous middle-aged man.

After this transformation, Zhou Qingang continued to fly discreetly in a certain direction.

"He finally showed his true colors." A glint flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

He bought a recording stone from the Tianxuan Mirror and held it in his hand.

Adjusting the monitoring angle slightly, he began recording the scenes he observed with his divine sense.

After flying for a whole day, as night fell, Zhou Qingang arrived at a remote and uninhabited small island.

The island was desolate to the extreme, lacking even a single tree. A glance revealed nothing but scattered rocks on the ground.

Zhou Qingang landed on the small island and surveyed his surroundings.

After carefully observing for a long time and confirming that there was no one tracking him, he began searching the island.

After a while, he seemed to have found his target.

With a happy expression, he held a stone in his hand.

The stone was completely ordinary, with no special symbols or markings. It was pockmarked, with a few small holes in specific locations.

Zhou Qingang scrutinized the stone for a long time, memorizing the positions of the small holes.

He then exerted force and crushed the stone.

He flew northwest of the small island.

After another half day, in an uninhabited sea area, Zhou Qingang suddenly stopped.

Then he plunged into the sea.

At the bottom of the sea, there was a ruin. Zhou Qingang searched for a long time in the ruin, finally stopping in front of an inconspicuous broken stone.

A golden light appeared on his hands, and Zhou Qingang pressed his palms on the broken stone.

The palm prints matched.

A light emerged from the broken stone, sweeping over Zhou Qingang's body.

Then it returned to the broken stone.

On the smooth, mirror-like surface of the broken stone, a human face image suddenly appeared.

"Hmm? Why are you contacting me so early this time? Isn't there still six years left?" The face, whose specific features couldn't be clearly seen, observed Zhou Qingang with a puzzled expression.

Zhou Qingang hesitated with a somewhat awkward expression. "Head, the funds are running low. Can you allocate a little more to me?"

The face was slightly surprised. "How did you use up everything so quickly? Hasn't it been a short time since we last communicated?"

Then, as if recalling something, the tone changed. "You fool, did you also get involved in the Spirit Mist Grass speculation?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 196: Returning to the Fallen Immortal Realm


Zhou Qingang hesitated as he explained, "Considering the trend of Spirit Mist Grass prices at that time, who could resist? It spread like wildfire, and almost every island guardian in the Cong Yun Sea was involved in speculation."

"If I had acted differently, it would have exposed my intentions. Who knew the price would collapse so quickly..."

Then, as if realizing something, he glanced suspiciously at the face on the broken stone. "Head, you didn't participate in the speculation too, did you?"

The face avoided answering and rebuked, "Enough nonsense, how much do you need?"

After a moment of hesitation, Zhou Qingang whispered, "One hundred thousand..."

"One hundred thousand?!" The face's voice suddenly rose a few degrees.

"No! Funding is tight right now, and none of you have shown any concrete results despite lurking for so long. What can I use to request funds from above?" The face decisively refused.

Seeing this, Zhou Qingang quickly said, "There are results, there are results! I've almost deciphered the outer layer of the Heavenly Transformation Formation. In at most seven or eight years, I will completely crack the core of the formation."

"This time, even He Zhenghao suffered heavy losses. I'm applying for these one hundred thousand contribution points to strengthen my relationship with him."

"He is proficient in formations and has participated in the deployment of the island protection formation. With his assistance, we will surely master the formation sooner."

The face's expression eased slightly upon hearing this.

After pondering for a moment, it slowly said, "In that case, send me the deciphered formation data first."

Zhou Qingang nodded, and once again pressed his palms on the broken stone with closed eyes.

A yellow light flickered continuously. After a while, he released his hands.

Seemingly exhausted, his face turned extremely pale.

The face remained expressionless, seemingly verifying the authenticity of the data.

"Hmm, well done." After a while, the face nodded.

"However, one hundred thousand is indeed too much. Fifty thousand!" The face suddenly said, changing its tone.

Zhou Qingang's face turned bitter. "Head, fifty thousand is too little! Seventy thousand, or sixty thousand would be acceptable!"

The face completely ignored him. "Fifty top-grade spirit stones. One month later, retrieve them from the usual place."

"That's final!"

As the words fell, the light and shadow on the broken stone disappeared, returning to an ordinary-looking stone.

With a darkened expression, Zhou Qingang smashed the broken stone with a slap.

Returning to his original appearance, he remained silent all the way back to Taian Island.

He stayed within the island protection formation, behaving like an ordinary island guardian, making it impossible to tell he was an undercover spy.

"It seems that, apart from Zhou Qingang, quite a few people are infiltrating under this supervisor."

"However, these spies within the alliance should not hold high positions. The current task level is only focused on scheming on the island protection formation."

"In addition, their method of communication seems to be reset with every contact. Although it's troublesome, the one-way communication reduces the risk of being exposed."

Seeing that Zhou Qingang had resumed his undercover activities without further actions, Li Fan withdrew his attention and considered how to maximize the benefits of this situation.

"In addition to finding a way to deceive the Inquiry Platform, Zhou Qingang's method of changing appearance will be extremely useful for me."

"It would be great to acquire both methods and then report them to earn merits."

"Unfortunately, until now, I still haven't found the rumored soul-searching technique."

"It seems that the alliance has strict control over this method. Even with my current rank as permission level Eight, I haven't found any relevant information."

"I wonder if there is an opportunity in the Fallen Immortal Realm."

Not long ago, Li Fan inexplicably felt a resonance, indicating that he could enter the Fallen Immortal Realm again.

However, at that time, he was busy with merit tasks, so he didn't enter again.

Now that he was free, Li Fan once again had the idea of exploring the Fallen Immortal Realm.

At this point, he began to set up the ritual again.

"Blessings bestowed by the Celestial Sovereign of Xuanhuang!"

As the last line was silently recited, numerous miscellaneous sounds entered his ears.

Li Fan entered the Fallen Immortal Realm once again.

"Junior Brother? Junior Brother?"

When Li Fan saw the surroundings clearly, his heart sank slightly.

"Junior Brother, what are you thinking? Why are you in a daze for so long?"

A cultivator wearing a purple and white Daoist robe, with a purple lightning mark between his eyebrows, asked.

This person was not unfamiliar to Li Fan; it was the cultivator he had encountered during his last visit to the Fallen Immortal Realm, Zhang Qianmo.

"Why is it here again?" Numerous question marks flashed through Li Fan's mind.

According to Chen Ying's explanation, every time one enters the Fallen Immortal Realm, they should randomly appear in different locations. Why was his second login location exactly the same as the last time, down to the minute?

Could there be a special reason? Thinking about the peculiar aspect of having two lives in this Fallen Immortal Realm, a name suddenly surfaced in Li Fan's mind.

"Could it be because of the Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra again?" Li Fan speculated.

"Last time, I revealed my spiritual consciousness avatar and was killed by Zhang Qianmo. If I defeat him this time, will the outcome be different?"

"However, Senior Brother Zhang is not that easy to deal with."

"Or, if he doesn't discover me, the true me beneath Li Chen's body..."

Instantly, numerous thoughts surged in Li Fan's mind. However, he didn't forget to respond to the somewhat cynical Senior Brother before him.

Recalling what would happen next, Li Fan quickly pondered, "Eh, Senior Brother, I don't know why, but I suddenly feel a bit uneasy. It seems that this trip to obtain the Longevity Fruit won't be as smooth as expected."

Zhang Qianmo was slightly stunned, and instead of laughing it off, he paid great attention to it.

He gently pinched his right hand, and it seemed like a purple cloud floated through his eyes.

"Huh?" After a while, Zhang Qianmo's expression became serious.

"Junior Brother, your premonition is correct. There is indeed something unusual about this Ningyuan City!"

"Really?" Li Fan appeared extremely surprised. "Then, Senior Brother, what should we do next?"

Zhang Qianmo pondered for a moment and said, "The hexagram indicates that although there is some risk, there is no threat to life."

"The Longevity Fruit must be obtained. If we don't even set foot into Ningyuan City and instead return to the sect for reinforcements, wouldn't we be ridiculed by our peers?"

"It might be better for both of us to sneak into the city secretly, investigate the situation, and then decide."

Li Fan readily agreed, "Senior Brother is right!"

Zhang Qianmo activated some kind of technique, and the lightning mark on his forehead gradually receded, his aura completely concealed.

Observing this scene, as if by instinct, Li Fan also skillfully hid his own aura.

"So, this is the Breath Concealing Technique from the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique..."

As if controlling a character in a game, Li Fan could now use various techniques and moves from Li Chen, but he didn't have a deep understanding of the techniques themselves.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 197: Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique


Li Fan and Zhang Qianmo, disguised in new appearances, quietly infiltrated Ningyuan City.

"Senior Brother, I think if someone with ill intentions wants to ambush us, the best way is to catch us off guard. It's very likely that they're lurking near your old favorite, Chixia."

Li Fan transmitted his thoughts.

Zhang Qianmo's face blushed slightly, and after pondering for a moment, he said, "Junior Brother, you make a lot of sense. Let's first go to the Drunken Immortal Tower."

Following Zhang Qianmo, Li Fan arrived near the bustling center of the city.

Across from the Drunken Immortal Tower was a large stage where a theatrical performance was taking place. A crowd of common people gathered to watch, while laughter and singing could be faintly heard from the Drunken Immortal Tower.

Upon reaching this location, Zhang Qianmo's eyes were fixed on a woman on the stage wearing theatrical attire, exuding a noble aura. His gaze seemed to be glued to her, unable to look away.

Meanwhile, Li Fan, in the crowd, searched for the ambush set up by Chu Liang and others.

Perhaps thinking that Zhang Qianmo and Li Fan had not yet arrived, Chu Liang did not conceal his presence much. He merely hid his aura and blended in with the onlookers.

It didn't take much effort for Li Fan to find him.

"Senior Brother, why does that person look a bit familiar?"

Li Fan awakened Zhang Qianmo, who was immersed in Chixia's performance, and transmitted Chu Liang's appearance to him through his spiritual sense.

"Hmm? He seems somewhat familiar. Who is he?" After a long time, Zhang Qianmo finally remembered who Chu Liang was.

"Chu Liang? Wasn't he expelled from the sect a long time ago because he couldn't cultivate? Why would he appear here?" Zhang Qianmo was surprised.

Li Fan added, "This Chu Liang doesn't seem to be an ordinary person. It seems he's hiding his cultivation base."

Zhang Qianmo nodded silently, "Indeed. There must be something strange about this."

After some thought, he said, "Junior Brother, let's surround him—one in the front and one in the back. Then, let's simultaneously use 'Spring Thunder Shock' to subdue him. We can question him later."

Information about 'Spring Thunder Shock' instantly surfaced in Li Fan's mind. It was a technique from the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique, a method of spiritual attack.

It could cause a momentary shock to the opponent's mind, like the first thunder in spring, making them lose control of their body for an instant.

"Compared to the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique, most of the techniques I've seen before seem to be only for cultivation and advancing realms. It's as if they were deliberately truncated, lacking many such methods."

"Perhaps only this ancient Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique can be considered a true technique."

After a brief comparison, Li Fan couldn't help but think this way.

Li Fan agreed with the plan, and the two disciples separated in the crowd and approached Chu Liang from different directions.

Chu Liang's vigilance seemed a bit low. It wasn't until Li Fan and Zhang Qianmo were close that he vaguely sensed something was wrong.

Looking at Zhang Qianmo suddenly appearing in front of him, Chu Liang's face showed a look of horror.

However, before he could react, he was hit by 'Spring Thunder Shock' from both sides.

His eyes lost focus, his whole body stiffened, and he couldn't move.

Zhang Qianmo approached and restrained him, quietly taking him to an uninhabited house.

By now, Chu Liang had regained consciousness. His eyes were filled with hatred as he stared fixedly at Zhang Qianmo.

"Are you Chu Liang? Why are you here?"

"In just over thirty years, you've transformed from an untalented ordinary person, unable to cultivate, into a Foundation Establishment cultivator. What kind of evil technique are you using?"

Zhang Qianmo's face remained expressionless as he asked coldly.

Chu Liang snorted but remained silent.

"Do you think if you don't speak, I won't be able to find out?" A trace of disdain appeared on Zhang Qianmo's face.

"As a loose cultivator, how could you possibly know the methods of our orthodox sect?"

Having said that, Zhang Qianmo's five fingers turned into claws, reaching for Chu Liang's head.

In an instant, Chu Liang felt as if he was struck by lightning.

His whole body trembled uncontrollably.

A look of extreme pain appeared on his face, and his eyes gradually lost their luster.

However, Zhang Qianmo remained unmoved, still firmly holding onto Chu Liang.

In the end, Chu Liang's pupils dimmed, and his body spasmed involuntarily.

"Bang!"

Casually tossing Chu Liang, who had lost any use, to the ground, Zhang Qianmo stood there, silent for a long time.

"Senior Brother, what's going on?" Watching this scene that closely resembled soul-searching, Li Fan's gaze flickered.

However, he didn't make any inappropriate moves for the time being; he simply spoke up.

Zhang Qianmo didn't immediately respond but continued to mutter something.

"Extract the essence of heaven and earth..."

"Sacrifice the spirit of heaven and earth..."

"Defy the principles of heaven and earth..."

Seemingly deeply shaken, he seemed unable to control himself for a moment.

"Senior Brother!" Li Fan had to speak again to bring him back to awareness.

"Hoo..." Zhang Qianmo let out a long breath, slowly recovering from the shock.

His expression became extremely serious. "Junior Brother, I'm afraid the seriousness of this matter goes beyond our imagination."

"We need to quickly conclude matters here, return to the sect, and report to the Sect Master."

Li Fan asked in astonishment, "What exactly happened? Why would it be necessary to alert the Sect Master?"

Zhang Qianmo immediately explained the matter about the Immortal Ancestor transmitting a new cultivation method that didn't require spiritual roots.

"There are three more accomplices in the city, and Steward Song Hesong, who has already reached the Golden Core realm, is also practicing the new method. Follow me to capture the three Foundation Establishment cultivators first."

Li Fan couldn't help but ask, "What about the steward at the Golden Core realm?"

"Rest assured, leave it to me. However, he's just a dog in my eyes." Zhang Qianmo revealed a trace of disdain on his face.

Li Fan nodded without refuting.

Next, the two of them easily captured the remaining three Foundation Establishment cultivators with ambushes.

"Junior Brother, wait for me here and keep an eye on these people. I'll go and capture Steward Song; then, I'll find you later." Zhang Qianmo instructed.

Li Fan checked the skills learned by Li Chen again and did not find the soul-searching technique that Zhang Qianmo had just displayed.

So, he asked tentatively, "Senior Brother, how is the soul-searching technique performed? I'm idle, and I want to see if I can extract some useful information from these people's minds."

Zhang Qianmo was slightly surprised, appraised Li Fan for a moment, and chuckled, "Who was it that said the soul-searching technique is too cruel and refused to learn it before?"

"Today, after almost being ambushed, you've seen the cruelty of the cultivation. The knot in your heart has untied, hasn't it?"

"Junior Brother, remember. In the path to immortality, there is no room for half-heartedness."

"Compassion cannot be tolerated."

"Not to mention the soul-searching technique, even more cruel methods, such as refining puppets with a cultivator's body or using souls to refine spiritual treasures, must be used when it is necessary!"

As he spoke, Zhang Qianmo pointed his finger at the center of Li Fan's eyebrows, transmitting a technique called the "Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 198: Difference of Thousands of Years


"Purify the soul with Purple Heaven, penetrate the spirit..."

In an instant, a soul-searching technique consisting of tens of thousands of words appeared in Li Fan's mind.

"Junior Brother, wait for me here. I'll be back soon!" Zhang Qianmo said. Without waiting for Li Fan's response, he flew away.

"Purple Heaven Soul Observation..." After carefully reading this unique soul-searching technique of the Purple Heaven Sect, Li Fan mastered it.

The technique explicitly stated that in the current cultivation world, constant conflicts occurred among major sects, righteous and demonic cultivators, and various beasts and monsters. Killing, seizing treasures, soul-searching, and soul-refining were all common occurrences.

Soul-searching, in particular, involves extracting memories from the opponent's soul through various methods. Different factions had their own styles and habits, resulting in various approaches.

Some methods were cruel and brutal, causing permanent damage to the soul during the process. Those who underwent soul-searching would be left mentally impaired even if they survived.

Others were more ingenious, not only searching memories but also modifying and distorting them, leaving spiritual imprints and turning enemies into loyal servants.

The soul-searching technique of the Purple Heaven Sect was considered moderate and peaceful. It wouldn't cause significant harm to the soul, only inflicting a temporary pain similar to the strike of Purple Heaven Royal Thunder during the process. With careful recovery afterward, the soul could be restored.

However, it would leave an inexplicable fear in the heart. After sensing the presence of Purple Heaven Sect disciples, individuals would feel as if they had encountered a natural enemy, lacking the courage to resist.

Mimicking Zhang Qianmo, Li Fan extended his hand like claws, reaching for one of the captives.

As he activated the Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique, countless images surged like giant waves.

Similar to the reproduction of the Mountain Meditation Technique using the Sun Stealing Technique, this technique could vividly display memories.

Scene after scene appeared. Li Fan ignored insignificant details and focused on relatively important parts.

This Foundation Establishment cultivator was named Liu Tu.

Over forty years ago, he was just an ordinary villager in the mountains.

One day, while hunting in the mountains, he got lost and stumbled upon a hidden valley. To his surprise, this usually empty valley was now filled with many people. Some were powerful cultivators, but most were ordinary mortals like Liu Tu.

They all sat together, listening attentively to the passionate speech of a young cultivator.

"Decades ago, I was like most of you, a powerless mortal unable to control my own destiny. Although I aspired to the path of immortality, I did not have spiritual roots and was unable to cultivate."

"Fortunately, I witnessed the Immortal Ancestor preaching and obtained a supreme technique."

"From then on, I had no need for spiritual roots to cultivate!"

"In just ten years, I have achieved the Golden Core realm!"

"The Immortal Ancestor said: the path of immortality is..."

Under the guidance of the young cultivator, dozens of mortals present condensed the Roots of Heaven and Earth and entered the Qi Condensation stage on the spot.

Liu Tu was fascinated. Although his aptitude was slightly inferior, preventing him from condensing Qi, he had memorized the "Five Spirit Qi Sensing Method."

After returning home, in less than half a month, he successfully absorbed spiritual energy into his body and became a true cultivator.

Afterward, Liu Tu found and joined an organization formed by cultivators practicing the new path to immortality called the "Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

After selecting the most popular "Heavenly Net Divine Art" as his primary cultivation method, Liu Tu spent five or six years cultivating and successfully built his foundation using the spiritual treasure "Mountain Spiritual Ginseng."

After that, he encountered Chu Liang, who invited him to join the ambush on Zhang Qianmo and Li Chen as they harvested Longevity Fruits in Ningyuan City.

The title of Inner Sect disciple of the Purple Heaven Sect made Liu Tu somewhat fearful. However, with Song Hesong, a Golden Core realm cultivator, as the leading figure, and the temptation of the supreme technique "Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique," Liu Tu reluctantly agreed.

Unexpectedly, they encountered Zhang Qianmo, who could kill Golden Core cultivators at the Foundation Establishment stage...

"Bang!"

After the soul-searching was completed, Li Fan threw Liu Tu to the ground and gently pressed his throbbing temples.

He calmed down his turbulent soul.

Soul-searching was an ingenious technique capable of comprehensively revealing an enemy's secrets by reading their memories. However, it wasn't without risks.

The consumption of one's own spiritual consciousness was also extremely astonishing. In Li Fan's case, it had over-exhausted him.

Moreover, if one encountered someone playing pig to eat the tiger—pretending to be defeated only to launch a fatal counterattack during the soul-searching process—the risks were even greater.

"In this Fallen Immortal Realm, I am only a spiritual consciousness incarnation, and my spiritual consciousness intensity is not as strong as my original body. However, the consumption of soul-searching is still too high." Recalling Zhang Qianmo's effortless demeanor earlier, Li Fan couldn't help but wonder if he had used the technique incorrectly.

But after reviewing Li Chen's memories and a little thought, Li Fan understood.

At this point in time, major sects spared no effort and expense in nurturing elite disciples. There was no shortage of all sorts of geniuses and treasures, and a variety of secret techniques could be casually selected.

From practical sparring to refining spiritual consciousness to guidance and personal instruction from senior experts within the sect—all these resources were available for rapid growth.

In contrast, in the modern cultivation world, a complete cultivation method would be deliberately divided into several different parts, restricting the combat power of cultivators.

Want to strengthen yourself with rare treasures? Want secret techniques to fend off enemies? Well, then, complete tasks and accumulate contribution points.

Even when you've accumulated enough contribution points, you might still not find what you're looking for. Oh, that could be because your permission level isn't high enough. Do some merit tasks and accumulate for a few years!

...

Although Li Fan didn't know the situation with the Five Elders Association, it should be roughly the same.

In reality, the vast majority of cultivators today would not be able to enter Zhang Qianmo's eyes.

According to Liu Tu's memories, the initial Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance provided various spiritual techniques and secrets.

Take the most practiced "Heavenly Net Divine Art" as an example; its content covered everything, including restraining breath, escape techniques, refining spiritual consciousness, strengthening the physical body, Qi cultivation, alchemy, talisman crafting, and formations—every aspect imaginable.

It was indeed the best introductory cultivation method.

Although it might not excel in every aspect, its comprehensiveness made up for it.

Li Fan couldn't estimate how high a price this cultivation method would fetch in the current Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

This was just one of the dozens of free cultivation methods available at this time in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Comparing the differences, Li Fan couldn't help but feel the sentiment "How did the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance end up like this?"

The disparity between casual cultivators was already significant, not to mention compared with elite disciples of major sects like Zhang Qianmo.

Although Li Fan possessed extraordinary treasures like [Truth] and his spiritual consciousness far surpassed ordinary cultivators, he hadn't undergone systematic strengthening and lacked the supplementation of rare treasures. Therefore, there was still a considerable gap between him and someone like Senior Brother Zhang.

Checking his own situation, Li Fan frowned slightly.

"Due to excessive consumption of spiritual consciousness, the time I can stay in this Fallen Immortal Realm has sharply decreased."

"Originally, I could maintain my state for about half a month, but now it's only seven or eight days."

"However, I've already achieved some gains. I can leave the Fallen Immortal Realm prematurely."

"I just need to reverse simulate the ritual in my mind."

"However, I don't know if I've satisfied the conditions to bring items back to reality."

Bringing items and information from the Fallen Immortal Realm to the real world required specific conditions.

The exact conditions weren't clearly explained by Chen Ying when he introduced them, and currently, the Tianxuan Mirror wouldn't reveal information about the Fallen Immortal Realm. Li Fan had to figure it out himself.

"The higher the value of the item, the more difficult it is to bring back."

"Forget about this 'Heavenly Net Divine Art' for now. If I can bring back the 'Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique,' my goal will be achieved."

"What are the conditions? Kill Zhang Qianmo?"

Li Fan was currently clueless.

"Regardless, let's return to reality first."

"Maybe I can recall the specific details of the soul-searching technique in reality?"

After contemplating for a moment, Li Fan made a decision.

He directly initiated the ritual in his mind to return.

A moment of dizziness struck, and in an instant, the surroundings shattered like starlight.

Li Fan's consciousness returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

Li Fan began to carefully recall various scenes from this journey to the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Specific events and every conversation with Senior Brother Zhang were still fresh in his memory.

But when he tried to recall the "Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique" and the "Heavenly Net Divine Art," he couldn't remember anything.

It was like drawing water with a bamboo basket, all in vain.

"As expected, it's not that easy."

"The treasures were in my hands, but they're like the moon reflected in water, just out of reach."

"This feeling is really uncomfortable."

"I'll have to go back in and look for specific conditions."

"Fortunately, I voluntarily exited last time. The required time interval for re-entry has significantly shortened."

During this waiting period, Li Fan purchased a concealment talisman, disguised himself as a Golden Core cultivator, and traveled to the fish gambling island.

Due to the commotion caused by the Spirit Mist Grass, there were fewer cultivators gathered here.

Li Fan randomly picked a fish to bet on and then subtly inquired about information on the Fallen Immortal Realm from the Golden Core cultivators in the crowd.

After some casual chat, Li Fan learned that each person's entry point into the Fallen Immortal Realm was different.

Sometimes they entered and got caught in a battle between good and evil and were casually killed by powerful figures on the battlefield.

Sometimes, with good luck, they occupied the body of a disciple from a certain sect. However, in just over ten days, finding the conditions to bring out a cultivation method was quite challenging. They could only regretfully watch the cultivation method disappear from their memories.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 199: The Unstoppable New Law


Clearly, no one could repeatedly enter the same location like Li Fan.

However, there was a Golden Core cultivator who was quite pleased with himself and boasted about his experiences.

Once, he appeared in the Fallen Immortal Realm and occupied the body of a young man.

This young man's family had been exterminated in childhood.

The entire family met a tragic end, and only the young man escaped.

While struggling for survival, the young man investigated the mastermind behind the extermination.

By a stroke of luck, the young man witnessed two cultivators fighting to the death in the mountains one day, ultimately perishing together.

From the corpses of these two cultivators, the young man found some elixirs and two cultivation techniques.

Eventually, he embarked on the path of cultivation.

Just as he achieved success in cultivation, reached the Foundation Establishment stage, and found clues to the extermination case, he was coincidentally occupied by this Golden Core cultivator.

Following the clues, the Golden Core cultivator successfully found the murderer within a limited time of a dozen days.

He, too, massacred the murderer's entire family in revenge.

After leaving the Fallen Immortal Realm, the Golden Core cultivator successfully brought back a cultivation technique.

He sold it for a good price of thirty thousand contribution points.

After hearing the story, everyone couldn't help but feel envious, praising his good luck.

"So, I believe that one possible way to bring items out is through exchange."

"If I wanted this young man to give me the cultivation technique, I needed to help him fulfill his long-cherished wish."

"His wish is to avenge his family's deaths, and I've accomplished that. In exchange, he naturally is willing to give me the cultivation technique."

This Golden Core cultivator named Ji Xingwen spoke confidently.

Li Fan and the others listened with thoughtful expressions.

Having obtained the desired information, Li Fan recorded the appearance of the prize-winning fish and hurriedly returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

He accelerated his cultivation in the Tianxuan Mirror while waiting.

After more than ten days, Li Fan sensed that he could once again enter the Fallen Immortal Realm.

He immediately performed the ritual.

Unsurprisingly, he still possessed the body of Purple Heaven Sect's Li Chen, just like the previous two times.

Li Fan followed the same procedure as before.

"Junior brother, wait here. I'll be right back!" Zhang Qianmo's words were not finished before he had already gone far away.

This time, Li Fan chose another person to soul-search.

The second use of the Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique was more skillful than the first.

However, it still consumed a lot.

He carefully examined the past experiences of this person but found nothing special.

His encounters were quite similar to Liu Tu, as he was just an ordinary mortal.

By chance, he came across someone spreading the new law of cultivation, and after stepping onto the path to immortality, he joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

However, in his memory, the one who taught the new law for mortals was not the enthusiastic young man who reached Golden Core in ten years.

Instead, it was a stunningly beautiful woman in wight.

This woman's cultivation speed was even more astonishing.

It was said that she achieved the Nascent Soul realm and became a True Lord in just twenty years.

"It seems that there are quite a few cultivators who personally witnessed the Immortal Ancestor teaching the law and later helped spread the new law."

Li Fan casually tossed the cultivator, whose soul had been thoroughly searched, onto the ground like a puddle of mud and looked towards the center of Ningyuan City.

Some time had passed, but the conflict had not yet erupted.

After a long time, Li Fan saw that Zhang Qianmo had come out of the Drunken Immortal Tower and was heading slowly towards the Tree of Everlasting Life.

Li Fan also noticed that outside the Drunken Immortal Tower, Zhang Qianmo had clearly set up a barrier.

He was afraid that the upcoming battle with Song Hesong would affect his old flame Chixia.

"It seems that this Senior Brother Zhang is quite sentimental."

"Perhaps, to bring back the Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique, I can start from this aspect."

Li Fan's eyes flickered with an inexplicable light.

"Boom!"

A purple thunderbolt as thick as a bucket suddenly descended from the sky.

Song Hesong's miserable scream immediately spread throughout Ningyuan City.

Li Fan saw that the Life Transformation Grand Formation within the city rapidly operated, extracting strands of green vitality from the mortals towards the direction of the fight.

"Zhang Qianmo, although you are an inner disciple, you are only at the Foundation Establishment stage! Do you really think I'm afraid of you?"

Song Hesong's voice was like thunder, echoing throughout the city.

A blood-colored bell instantly enveloped Zhang Qianmo.

Then, Li Fan saw Song Hesong casually clap his hands, and countless buildings turned into ruins.

The mortals inside the buildings shivered in fear. Before they could scream, they perished.

From the corpses of the mortals, a large mass of almost substantial blood-colored energy surged into the sky, rushing towards Song Hesong.

In the blood light, the faces of the just-deceased mortals appeared.

Countless faces rushed towards Zhang Qianmo, trapped inside the bell.

After a moment, Senior Brother Zhang fell into a state of stunned stillness.

"This Sentient Soul Refinement Formation is indeed extraordinary. Although Zhang Qianmo took the initiative this time, he is still trapped by the formation."

After a long time, Li Fan finally saw Zhang Qianmo coming out of the Drunken Immortal Tower with satisfaction, slowly walking towards the Direction of the Tree of Everlasting Life.

Li Fan also noticed that outside the Drunken Immortal Tower, Zhang Qianmo had obviously set up a barrier.

It was probably because he was worried that the upcoming battle with Song Hesong would affect his old lover Chixia.

"It seems that Senior Brother Zhang is indeed a sentimental person."

"Perhaps, if I want to bring back the Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique, I can start from this aspect."

Li Fan's eyes flickered with an inexplicable light.

"Boom!"

A thunderous sound echoed as a thick purple thunderbolt suddenly descended from the sky.

Song Hesong's screams instantly spread throughout the entire Ningyuan City.

Li Fan saw that the Life Transformation Grand Formation within the city operated rapidly, extracting strands of green vitality from the mortals and flying towards the direction where the two were fighting.

"Zhang Qianmo, although you are an inner disciple, you are only at the Golden Core stage! Do you really think I'm afraid of you?"

Song Hesong's voice was like thunder, echoing throughout the city.

A blood-colored bell instantly enveloped Zhang Qianmo.

Then, Li Fan saw Song Hesong casually clap his hands, and countless buildings turned into ruins.

The mortals inside the buildings shivered in fear, perishing before they could even scream.

From the corpses of the mortals, a large group of almost substantial blood-colored aura surged into the sky, rushing towards Song Hesong.

In the blood light, the faces of the just-deceased mortals appeared.

Countless faces rushed towards Zhang Qianmo, trapped inside the bell.

After a moment, Senior Brother Zhang fell into a state of stunned stillness.

"This Sentient Soul Refinement Formation is indeed extraordinary. Although Zhang Qianmo took the initiative this time, he is still trapped by the formation."

"Unfortunately, it must mortal lives as a medium. It's much less useful in the modern day."

Li Fan silently watched Song Hesong ruthlessly harvest the lives of mortals in the city, turning them into his means against the enemy.

Ningyuan City became a scene of devastation in an instant.

Countless mortals died under Song Hesong's hands, but only the Drunken Immortal Tower protected by Senior Brother Zhang's barrier and the place where Li Fan was currently located remained safe.

As the mortals in Ningyuan City continued to die, inside the Sentient Soul Refinement Formation, half of Zhang Qianmo's head had already exploded.

However, he was still alive.

Song Hesong turned pale, just like before.

However, his fear was quickly suppressed by greed.

Red flames roasted Zhang Qianmo, revealing the purple core inside him.

Song Hesong finally noticed something was amiss.

He clapped his hands continuously, killing the remaining mortals in Ningyuan City and summoning blood-colored human faces to block the way while he retreated towards the rear.

He actually sensed something was wrong and fled.

Li Fan squinted his eyes and threw Li Chen's spear towards the escaping Song Hesong.

At the same time, he activated the Purple Heaven Thundercalling Technique, a purple thunderbolt striking down towards Song Hesong.

The thunder hit him directly, freezing Song Hesong's figure as the spear, carrying traces of purple lightning, was about to pierce him fiercely.

However, he was still a Golden Core cultivator. In a critical moment, he recovered from his stiffness.

He tightly gripped the spear.

A burst of lightning erupted from the long spear.

Song Hesong unconsciously loosened his grip, allowing the long spear to return to Li Fan's hands.

Song Hesong, high above, glanced in the direction where Li Fan was.

Although Li Fan was just a Foundation Establishment cultivator, Song Hesong, as a Golden Core cultivator, didn't even consider fighting back at this moment.

He just looked at Li Fan with resentment and was about to turn into blood light to escape again.

"Junior Brother, well done!"

The purple core glowed brightly as Zhang Qianmo's physical body reappeared.

The radiance converged, forming into clothes.

With a step, he turned into purple thunder and intercepted the blood light.

Just like before, Zhang Qianmo strangled Song Hesong.

"Traitor of the sect, die!"

The Purple Heaven Lightning descended from the sky, announcing Song Hesong's imminent demise.

A Golden Core cultivator died so easily in the hands of Zhang Qianmo.

As if he had casually slaughtered a chicken or dog, Zhang Qianmo's face showed no emotional fluctuations.

Swiftly, he arrived beside Li Fan, suppressing his aura.

"The matter here is concluded, Junior Brother. Let's return to the sect as soon as possible."

"These few people will be taken along as evidence," Zhang Qianmo pointed to the four Foundation Establishment cultivators who were previously captured.

As for the vast ruins and countless casualties in Ningyuan City, he completely ignored them.

Summoning the Purple Heaven Flying Cloud, he placed the captives on it and flew into the sky.

As they were about to leave, Li Fan suddenly knocked the captives unconscious and asked, "Senior Brother, how do you view this new law?"

Zhang Qianmo remained silent for a long time before slowly saying, "It's an unorthodox method, and is not the authentic way!"

Li Fan chuckled, "Is that really what Senior Brother thinks?"

Pointing to the captives lying in various postures on the Purple Heaven Flying Cloud, Li Fan said with a deep tone, "Senior Brother, look at these people. Without even comparing them with you and me, even compared to those outer disciples and miscellaneous disciples in the sect, they are far inferior."

"They've cultivated for far less time, but now they all have Foundation Establishment cultivation, just like us!"

Zhang Qianmo frowned, "Junior Brother, what are you trying to say?"

Li Fan didn't answer directly but continued, "When those thousands of fellow disciples in the sect who don't have true inheritance learn about the existence of this new law, will they still be willing to languish in the sect, doing trivial and insignificant tasks, just to be able to go further on the path of immortality?"

"Now, the path to immortality is wide open, but it does not begin at our Purple Heaven Sect."

Li Fan pointed to the ruined Ningyuan City below, saying, "Today, in the battle between Senior Brother and Song Hesong, mortals suffered greatly, with countless deaths and injuries."

"After all, there is a difference between immortals and mortals. The power of mortals is too weak. In the hands of us cultivators, they have no resistance at all."

"But, does Senior Brother think they have no grievances at all?"

"Those surviving mortals, although as weak as ants, number in the billions."

"If they know about the existence of the new law, how will they choose?"

"Senior Brother has great power, easily slaughtering four or five cultivators of the same level."

"But if today, within Ningyuan City, one-tenth of the mortals are at the Foundation Establishment stage, would Senior Brother still dare to be so unrestrained?"

Zhang Qianmo remained silent.

Li Fan gazed intently, staring at Zhang Qianmo. "Senior Brother's understanding far exceeds mine. Things that I can think through, Senior Brother must have already figured out long ago."

"Junior Brother..." Zhang Qianmo was about to speak but was directly interrupted by Li Fan.

"The rise of the new technique is unstoppable. If you go with the flow, you prosper; if you resist, you perish. Don't you think so, Senior Brother?" Li Fan pressed.

Although he also thought so in his heart, seeing his junior brother say it so bluntly, Zhang Qianmo's face turned somewhat pale.

If it weren't for the fact that this junior brother of his had never left the mountain since he entered the sect, Zhang Qianmo would almost think that he had already embraced the new law.

"Junior Brother, be careful with your words..." Zhang Qianmo spoke to dissuade him.

"This matter..."

"Let the elders of the sect make the decision."

Li Fan smiled faintly, not wanting to discuss this topic further. Instead, he suddenly changed the subject, "Before, in the mountains, Senior Brother often sighed that Miss Chixia couldn't cultivate due to lack of spiritual roots. That's why she was unwilling to return to the sect with you."

"Now that Senior Brother has learned about the new technique, I wonder if you have informed Miss Chixia about it?"

Zhang Qianmo, who was indifferent to killing enemies, surprisingly hesitated and looked embarrassed in the face of Li Fan's questioning.

"Senior Brother, unlike us cultivators, mortals can't enjoy eternal youth."

"You should know that life ages and beauty fades."

"How much time can mortals afford to waste?"

"Do you really have the heart to watch her age day by day and avoid any interaction with you?"

Li Fan's words were like a barrage, relentlessly pressing Zhang Qianmo.

After a long time, as if going through intense mental struggles, Zhang Qianmo finally sighed deeply.

"Junior Brother, wait here. I'll be back soon!"

Having said that, he flew towards the Drunken Immortal Tower below.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 200: Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart


Zhang Qianmo's trip took quite a while.

Three days and nights passed without a trace of him.

Li Fan stood on the Purple Heaven Flying Cloud, observing the ruined Ningyuan City below.

During the battle between Zhang Qianmo and Song Hesong, most parts of Ningyuan City turned into ruins.

The surviving mortals under this catastrophe had eyes filled with confusion.

"Mr. Bai has spoken!"

"Those with strength, come here and gather. Let's do our best to dig and rescue those who are still alive!"

"Those with minor injuries, help gather water and food..."

"Place those with severe injuries in the small temple. Mr. Bai will treat them there!"

Just when the victims were sinking into despair, shouts suddenly echoed throughout Ningyuan City, emanating from various places.

Li Fan found it interesting because the owners of these voices were unexpectedly children around ten years old.

Dressed as beggars, they were slender but exceptionally clever.

The calls of the children were like the dawn before sunrise, illuminating the darkness.

As if they had grown a backbone, people gradually began to awaken from numbness and confusion.

They eventually started self-rescue in an orderly manner.

Watching this scene, Li Fan was abruptly reminded of the time he had organized rescue operations in Xuanjing City, which was destroyed after he first met Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi.

In the midst of his contemplation, there was a sudden surge of spiritual energy fluctuations from the Drunken Immortal Tower.

"It seems that Miss Chixia has successfully condensed qi into her body," Li Fan thought to himself.

Sure enough, after half a day, Zhang Qianmo returned.

Although his expression remained calm, the joy in his eyes was hard to conceal.

"Junior Brother, you've waited a long time!" Zhang Qianmo apologized.

"Congratulations, Senior Brother, on settling this matter!" Li Fan smiled and said, "Miss Chixia isn't coming back to the mountain with us?"

Zhang Qianmo waved his hand, "Let's wait for the sect leader to make a decision first."

"Since we've waited so long, we don't mind waiting a little longer."

"However, in my opinion, it might be difficult for those old folks in the sect to accept this so-called new law in a short time." Zhang Qianmo sneered.

Li Fan nodded in agreement.

With only three or four days left in the Fallen Immortal Realm, Li Fan wasn't in a hurry to return.

He wanted to take this opportunity to visit the Purple Heaven Sect.

Unfortunately, the mountain gate of the Purple Heaven Sect was quite far from Ningyuan City.

After walking more than half of the distance, Li Fan felt the scenery around him becoming blurry.

The images and sounds faded one after another, and after a moment, Li Fan's consciousness returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

A strange heat surged in his head, bringing a tingling sensation.

Li Fan couldn't help but frown, but then he couldn't help but show a happy expression.

After a moment of contemplation, the content of the "Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique" appeared clearly and vividly in his mind.

"This method of 'equivalent exchange' is indeed effective."

A spiritual consciousness technique is not a cultivation technique, so there is no prompt about the number of cultivators.

With his previous experience in the Fallen Immortal Realm, Li Fan effortlessly mastered it.

"With this soul-searching technique, I only need to wait for Zhou Qingang to fetch those fifty top-grade spirit stones."

After purchasing some items in the Tianxuan Mirror as backups, Li Fan practiced while patiently waiting.

Seven days later, he sensed Zhou Qingang had once again changed his appearance and left Taian Island.

Li Fan also left Ten Thousand Immortals Island at the same time, concealing his figure and heading towards Zhou Qingang's location.

Li Fan had been to the location where Zhou Qingang received the spirit stones before.

It was Youlan Island, where he had obtained the legacy of He Zhenghao, the "Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram," from the Ten Thousand Immortals Pavilion in the twelfth life.

Instead of entering, he quietly waited outside.

Not long after, Zhou Qingang swaggered out of Youlan Island.

He flew towards a remote sea area, likely intending to change his appearance again.

This was exactly what Li Fan wanted. He silently followed behind.

With the tracking and surveillance of the Formless Killing Intent, no matter what tricks Zhou Qingang used, he couldn't shake off Li Fan's pursuit.

After half a day, Zhou Qingang felt safe.

He dived into the depths of the sea, found a ruin, and transformed back into his original appearance.

With the top-grade spirit stones worth 50,000 contribution points in his storage ring, Zhou Qingang planned to make a trip to Ten Thousand Immortals Island to settle his debts.

However, as he emerged from the sea, Zhou Qingang was horrified to find that, for some unknown reason, his entire body suddenly froze, and he lost control of his body.

Simultaneously, a deafening gong-like sound erupted overhead.

Dizzy and disoriented, Zhou Qingang thought, "Ah!"

Before he could think further, Zhou Qingang was stunned.

Li Fan appeared, grabbed Zhou Qingang, and submerged back into the sea.

After finding a building in the ruins, Li Fan casually set up some formations around and entered.

He threw Zhou Qingang, who had lost consciousness, to the ground.

Then, he took out thirteen cold iron nails from his storage ring and pierced them into Zhou Qingang's body.

Only then did Li Fan use the Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique.

Zhou Qingang's body convulsed violently.

Images flashed rapidly before Li Fan's eyes.

"Building the foundation with the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart, changing appearance with the Heart Changing Technique..."

"So that's how it is."

"To infiltrate the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance as a spy, he indeed has some skills."

Li Fan was instantly delighted.

Just as Li Fan was about to continue examining information on Zhou Qingang's superior and the organization he served, it seemed to trigger some kind of prohibition.

A terrifying destructive force erupted from the depths of Zhou Qingang's soul.

Li Fan's face changed, and he instantly withdrew his spiritual consciousness.

However, he couldn't stop this force from damaging Zhou Qingang's soul.

"Ah!"

Even in a coma, Zhou Qingang let out a miserable scream.

Then, Li Fan saw that his soul was wiped out in an instant.

Although his vitality remained, he became like a walking corpse, an empty shell.

"A secrecy countermeasure..."

Li Fan didn't find it particularly surprising.

"It's a pity that I couldn't uncover more secrets."

After contemplating for a moment, Li Fan erased the traces of the formations he had set up earlier.

Then, carrying Zhou Qingang's body, he fled hundreds of miles away.

He arrived in an area densely populated with fish.

He threw Zhou Qingang towards the school of fish.

Although the soul disappeared, the aura emanating from the Foundation Establishment cultivation level naturally made these fish instinctively fear him.

They all moved away, lacking the courage to treat this body as food.

Seeing this, Li Fan once again targeted the strongest fish in the school using Formless Killing Intent.

Then, he retreated another hundred miles.

The Formless Killing Intent targeting Zhou Qingang was activated.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 201: Coercing He Zhenghao


Under the influence of the Formless Killing Intent, the school of fish around Zhou Qingang suddenly went into a frenzy.

Ignoring the pressure emanating from him, they eagerly devoured his body.

Without the autonomous protection of his soul, in just a few moments, blood dyed the surrounding seawater red.

Zhou Qingang's remains were gone.

A stone-like heart with seven holes in it, glowing with a seven-colored radiance, emerged at the scene.

The radiance was extremely dim.

With the death of its owner, the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart lost its nature as a Heavenly Treasure and became an inconspicuous ordinary stone, sinking to the bottom of the sea.

After waiting in place for several days and seeing that the death announcement didn't attract other cultivators, Li Fan returned. He absorbed the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart to feed [Truth].

Afterward, without alerting anyone, Li Fan quietly returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Zhou Qingang's disappearance hadn't attracted anyone's attention.

For a Foundation Establishment cultivator to be out of contact for ten days was quite normal.

Li Fan didn't rush to report Zhou Qingang as a spy; instead, he first immersed himself in comprehending the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart.

"Versatile in all aspects, a heart deep as the sea; beguiling hearts, truth and lie are indistinguishable."

Three days later, Li Fan exhaled deeply, his eyes revealing an inexplicable expression.

"Although it's just a mid-grade Human Treasure and has no special benefits for cultivation, as a Foundation Treasure for a spy, it's invaluable."

In his dantian, [Truth] emitted a gentle radiance, slowly transforming into the appearance of the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart.

Li Fan had the vague feeling that he had put on countless layers of masks, making it difficult for others to easily discern his true thoughts.

"This treasure is truly wonderful!"

Li Fan silently praised.

Then, Li Fan checked the matching secret technique, the Heart Changing Technique.

This wasn't a cultivation technique but rather a method of disguise created by the organization Zhou Qingang served, specifically for the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart.

After setting a specific appearance in the mind, when the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart and the technique were mutually stimulated, one could instantly transform into the appearance of another person.

Body shape and appearance would all be perfectly imitated.

Furthermore, it was a genuine transformation that couldn't be seen through by illusion-piercing methods.

The only issue was that it could only change the appearance; one's own aura couldn't be altered.

Therefore, every time Zhou Qingang transformed, he was extremely cautious.

Only after finding a secluded place without anyone around to conceal his aura would he change his appearance.

However, being targeted by Li Fan, who possessed the Formless Killing Intent, made all his caution useless.

While studying the Heart Changing Technique, Li Fan pondered.

"I've previously thought about using [Truth] to mimic Foundation Treasures and impersonate others before."

"Now, with the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart and this disguising technique, impersonating others becomes even more realistic."

"Furthermore, I have 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra' to discern auras and 'Sun Stealing Technique' to read fate."

"If I can imitate both aura and fate, I'm afraid it will be truly difficult to tell the real from the fake."

"If it works…"

Thoughts surged in Li Fan's mind, and many ideas surfaced simultaneously.

"After the clone takes the 100,000 contribution points from the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, I will have many things to try."

To test the effectiveness of the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart, Li Fan used a teleportation array to arrive at Liuli Island.

There was no sign of He Zhenghao anywhere, and Li Fan didn't know where he had gone.

Li Fan temporarily didn't bother with him. He just changed into another appearance and spoke nonsense in front of Steward Zhao.

Steward Zhao's ability to distinguish between truth and lies had indeed lost its effect, and he was easily fooled.

Leaving behind a shocked Steward Zhao, Li Fan, when no one was around, reverted to his original appearance.

He sent a message to He Zhenghao: "Fellow Daoist, where are you now?"

After a while, He Zhenghao's somewhat tired voice came, "I received a task and am currently constructing defensive formations for a fellow Daoist's island. What does fellow Daoist Li Fan need from me?"

Li Fan sneered, "You're still doing tasks? He Zhenghao, do you know that calamity is about to befall you?"

He Zhenghao was stunned, "Why does fellow Daoist say such things?"

"This matter needs to be discussed in person. Hurry back to Liuli Island. The situation is urgent, delays may lead to changes," Li Fan solemnly said.

"Alright… I'll be there soon, fellow Daoist, please wait." Perhaps due to Li Fan's performance during the Spirit Mist Grass incident, He Zhenghao was quite convinced. At this moment, he didn't doubt Li Fan's words. He sounded anxious and directly severed the communication.

After half a day, He Zhenghao finally arrived, looking somewhat exhausted and tired, as if he hadn't rested well for a long time.

His eyes still had a hint of fear, but it was forcibly suppressed.

"Fellow Daoist..." He Zhenghao was about to speak when Li Fan waved his hand, indicating him to open the Mountain River Star Formation.

He Zhenghao became even more uneasy as he activated the formation.

"Fellow Daoist He, are you familiar with island guardian Zhou Qingang?" Li Fan asked.

He Zhenghao was stunned for a moment and truthfully answered, "Fellow Daoist Zhou, I'm familiar. We have a good relationship, and he consults me on formation knowledge from time to time. Why does Fellow Daoist ask?"

"Hmph. Fortunately, you didn't deceive me just now," Li Fan coldly said, "If you had uttered a false word, I would have turned around and left."

He Zhenghao became even more anxious.

Seeing that the atmosphere was already ripe, Li Fan didn't heighten the suspense any longer. He took out the recording stone.

He played back the conversation between Zhou Qingang and the stone face.

…

"This time, He Zhenghao suffered heavy losses. I applied for these 100,000 contribution points to deepen my relationship with him."

"This person is proficient in formations and has participated in the construction of the island guardian formation. With his assistance, we can undoubtedly grasp the formation thoroughly sooner."

…

At first, because Zhou Qingang didn't have his original appearance, He Zhenghao couldn't discern what was happening.

However, as the conversation unfolded, He Zhenghao instantly realized what had occurred.

And when he heard his name mentioned in the dialogue, his face turned even paler.

Sweat beads the size of soybeans rolled down He Zhenghao's forehead, and his entire body couldn't stop trembling.

After putting away the Memory Stone, Li Fan looked at He Zhenghao with a stern expression. "Fellow Daoist He, how much information about the island guardian formation have you leaked?"

"Not... not much! Really, not much!" He Zhenghao stammered, trying to defend himself.

"Stop lying! Do you want me to hand over this recording stone and let the Martial Hall investigate you?" Li Fan rebuked angrily.

He Zhenghao was initially scared, but he then caught the meaning in Li Fan's words. Hope suddenly emerged in his eyes.

Grabbing Li Fan's hands, he pleaded, "Fellow Daoist, save me! Please, save me!"

Li Fan pushed him away. "If you want me to save you, then tell me everything about Zhou Qingang truthfully."

With a mournful face, He Zhenghao tearfully spilled the details.

After listening, Li Fan was somewhat speechless.

It turned out that a significant portion of the outer structural data of the guardian formation handed over by Zhou Qingang was actually sourced from He Zhenghao.

"He frequently praised me, boasting about my expertise in formations and seeking advice on formation details."

"I was a bit flattered by the praise..."

"Who could have thought that as a fellow Cong Yun Sea island guardian, Zhou Qingang was actually a spy!"

"Why did I let his sweet words cloud my judgment!"

He Zhenghao wore an expression that seemed on the verge of tears.

"No matter if you knew or not, it doesn't change the fact that you leaked confidential information of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance." Li Fan coldly snorted.

"Fellow Daoist He, you should know the consequences, right?"

He Zhenghao shivered, "Dismissal and thorough investigation. Deduction of permission levels, and they might even abolish my cultivation..."

The more he thought about it, the more terrified he became, feeling that his future was becoming bleak.

Added to the fact that he had lost his life savings before, and he had been frantically taking on tasks to accumulate contribution points again, leaving him physically and mentally exhausted.

Under the multiple blows, He Zhenghao couldn't hold on any longer. His mindset collapsed, and he wailed bitterly.

"Why is my life so miserable! I've lost everything, and now, I'm stuck in this situation!"

Li Fan remained unmoved.

After crying for a while, seeing that Li Fan showed no signs of sympathy, He Zhenghao felt somewhat awkward.

Wiping away his tears, he said with a tearful voice, "Fellow Daoist, you must save me! You can't hand over this recording stone! Otherwise, my future is ruined for sure!"

Li Fan asked, "Reporting a spy is a significant accomplishment. Fellow Daoist shouldn't be unaware of that."

He Zhenghao mumbled, "I can compensate you."

Li Fan chuckled, "Fellow Daoist, you are currently penniless. What compensation can you offer me? I'm not lacking in contribution points. Perhaps you don't know, but I made a profit of 600,000 contribution points during the Spirit Mist Grass incident!"

He Zhenghao, upon hearing this, widened his eyes, looking at Li Fan with disbelief.

"What, don't believe it?" Li Fan asked with a sideways glance.

"I... I believe it," He Zhenghao hurriedly nodded.

Envy and regret in his eyes grew stronger, "I really regret not listening to fellow Daoist's advice back then!"

After a while, He Zhenghao thought and said, "I have half of the 'Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram,' my lifelong..."

Before he could finish, Li Fan interrupted him.

"I'm not very interested in formations. I only worked as a Formation Repairer as a stepping stone for entry."

He Zhenghao hesitated for a while, then said with difficulty, "I have a daughter who is also at the Foundation Establishment level. I can introduce her to you..."

Li Fan's expression became solemn as he sternly refused, "What do you take me for? Don't mention this matter again!"

He Zhenghao breathed a sigh of relief but then wore a pensive expression.

He seemed to realize that Li Fan did indeed have the intention to spare him.

But at the same time, it seemed that Li Fan wanted something from him.

However, apart from what he had previously mentioned, He Zhenghao was currently penniless.

After pondering for a long time, he couldn't come up with an answer.

He Zhenghao couldn't help but smile bitterly, "Fellow Daoist, please don't toy with me. Just tell me what you want."

Li Fan smiled slightly, patted He Zhenghao's shoulder, and said slowly, "I want you."

He Zhenghao, upon hearing this, first froze, then his face turned pale. Subconsciously, he took a step back, looking at Li Fan warily.

"Hehe, fellow Daoist, what are you thinking?

"I am saying that I want you to obey me from now on."

Li Fan stood in front of He Zhenghao and spoke slowly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 202: Selling Oneself for Fifty Years


Hearing Li Fan's words, He Zhenghao was slightly stunned, his face showing a hint of confusion.

However, Li Fan didn't give him time to react or think. In an instant, he fully activated the heart-beguiling ability of the "Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart" simulated by the [Truth] technique.

"I, at the age of twenty-nine, am in the late Foundation Establishment stage. What, fellow Daoist, do you think of my talent?" Li Fan gazed at He Zhenghao, pressing for an answer.

"Extraordinary talent, rarely seen in this world," He Zhenghao couldn't help but reply.

"In the Spirit Mist Grass speculation, I earned a whopping 600,000 contribution points, bankrupting others while getting rich myself. What do you think of my abilities?" Li Fan asked again.

Seemingly hitting a sore spot, He Zhenghao gave Li Fan a resentful look before reluctantly replying, "Fellow Daoist has a keen eye and sharp intuition. I am far from comparable!"

Li Fan continued, "Within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, ordinary cultivators are like cattle and horses. Without power or background, it's difficult to stand out. What do you think?"

He Zhenghao nodded, "Fellow Daoist's words are correct."

Li Fan then patted He Zhenghao's shoulder and spoke with sincerity, "It is precisely because of this that you and I should stick together."

He Zhenghao felt that Li Fan made some sense, but before he could ponder further, Li Fan asked with concern, "You've been a member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for quite a few years, haven't you?"

He Zhenghao thought for a moment, with a nostalgic expression, "Yes, it's been almost over a hundred years."

Li Fan, shaking his head repeatedly, said, "Over a hundred years, and you're only at the mid Foundation Establishment stage. I've heard you mention before that you have some influence on Ten Thousand Immortals Island. But, does the network you've painstakingly built really have much effect on your cultivation? I'm afraid it's negligible."

He Zhenghao was about to retort, but his mouth opened and closed without producing a single word.

Because what Li Fan said was indeed not groundless.

"That's because the relationships you've cultivated are all useless. If you have value, they will treat you politely. But if one day you lose your cultivation, how will they treat you? Moreover, these relationships are only surface-level. If it involves their own interests, hehe..." Li Fan insinuated.

He Zhenghao couldn't help but fall into deep thought.

"In short, fellow Daoist, you haven't found the right backing; you've associated with the wrong people!"

"But if you follow me, it will be different."

"I value brotherhood and loyalty. I believe in sharing fortune and facing adversity together." Li Fan spoke eloquently.

"Take, for example, the Nascent Soul technique you desire..." Li Fan paused, diverting He Zhenghao's attention completely.

"If you wholeheartedly work under me, I'll lend you 250,000 contribution points. You can exchange it for the technique and cultivate it. How about that?" Li Fan stated firmly.

He Zhenghao, upon hearing this, seemed as if he had been struck by lightning. His whole body trembled, completely losing his composure. "Is what you're saying true?"

"I, Li Fan, always keep my word and never go back on my promises!"

"I heard that the Nascent Soul technique you fancy is quite compatible with your Foundation Establishment artifact, right?"

He Zhenghao nodded repeatedly, "Yes, that technique is called 'Mountain and River Hidden Dragon Technique.' If I can cultivate this technique, I am certain to achieve the Golden Core stage within fifty years. Even breaking through to the Nascent Soul realm is almost guaranteed."

After saying that, he looked at Li Fan eagerly, as if wanting to say more but hesitating.

"250,000 contribution points; if you, fellow Daoist, were to re-accumulate them, you would have to waste a lot of time, right? If you can redeem the technique early and break through to the Golden Core realm a few decades earlier, your future achievements will be completely different!"

The longing in He Zhenghao's eyes grew stronger.

"If fellow Daoist loans 250,000 contribution points to me, I will definitely consider you my superior in all matters from now on," He Zhenghao finally said after much thought.

Li Fan chuckled, took out a golden sheet of paper from his storage ring, and quickly wrote several lines on it with his hand.

Later, smiling, Li Fan handed it to He Zhenghao, "Words alone are not enough. If fellow Daoist agrees, sign on this 'Commercial Contract.'"

This golden "Commercial Contract" was exactly the same type that the clone had signed with Jiao Xiuyuan before.

It was said to be a simplified version of the Five Elders Association's "Soul Contract." Once both parties signed, they would be bound by the contract's power and act spontaneously according to the agreed terms.

He Zhenghao carefully read the terms in the contract.

"Cultivator Li Fan loans 250,000 contribution points to cultivator He Zhenghao at an annual interest rate of one percent."

"Both parties agree to settle the debt within fifty years."

"During this period, He Zhenghao will form an alliance with Li Fan, with Li Fan as the core. As long as they don't significantly harm his own interests, He Zhenghao will fully accept Li Fan's requests and opinions."

"Li Fan, based on He Zhenghao's performance each year, should consider reducing interest at his discretion."

...

He Zhenghao frowned slightly but quickly relaxed.

In his opinion, the content of this "Commercial Contract" was not too harsh.

It was even somewhat favorable.

After all, 250,000 contribution points were a considerable sum for a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

Who would be willing to lend so many contribution points to a Foundation Establishment cultivator at such a low interest rate? Moreover, there was a chance to reduce the interest each year.

All he needed to do was work for Li Fan.

It was just a disguised form of employment.

He Zhenghao thought that compared to the "Soul Contract" from the Five Elders' Association, which required unconditional dedication, this contract was much more generous.

After hesitating for a while, he slowly wrote his name on the "Commercial Contract."

Seeing this, Li Fan's face lit up.

With a stroke of his pen, he signed his own name.

With the ink settled, the contract was established.

The golden light instantly transformed into three parts, one flying into the sky.

The other two parts entered Li Fan's and He Zhenghao's bodies respectively.

"From now on, we are on the same side." Li Fan smiled, patting He Zhenghao's shoulder.

He Zhenghao also felt that Li Fan became more cordial.

"Do you have the Tianxuan Minor Mirror? I'll transfer the contribution points to you," Li Fan offered.

"Yes, yes." He Zhenghao immediately took out the Tianxuan Minor Mirror from his storage ring.

After a moment, 250,000 contribution points smoothly entered He Zhenghao's possession.

He Zhenghao's face turned red with excitement, eager to exchange for the "Mountain and River Hidden Dragon Technique."

A golden jade slip appeared in his hand. After finally obtaining the Nascent Soul technique, He Zhenghao couldn't help but feel a surge of emotion.

Bowing to Li Fan, He Zhenghao said, "Thank you, fellow Daoist!"

Li Fan squinted and waved, "We're all on the same side, no need to be polite."

"Now that you've obtained the technique, why not check its effects? Is it as suitable as you said? I can watch over you!" Li Fan suggested.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 203: The Complete Mountain Meditation Technique


He Zhenghao nodded, immediately activating the "Tai Shang Primordial Scripture" and dissolving his cultivation of the Mountain Meditation Technique and instead cultivating the "Mountain and River Hidden Dragon Technique."

When he entered the Foundation Establishment realm again, Li Fan saw a vast expanse of interconnected mountain ranges and a densely woven network of water systems unfolding above He Zhenghao's head.

Amidst the mountains and rivers, a clear and resonant dragon's roar faintly echoed.

Clouds and mist churned as if a divine dragon were flying within.

"It's worthy of being a Nascent Soul technique, quite magnificent and extraordinary." Li Fan praised in his heart.

The anomaly persisted for half a day.

Afterward, it slowly dissipated. He Zhenghao opened his eyes, revealing a sharp gaze.

He had already restored his cultivation to the mid Foundation Establishment stage.

"How does it feel?" Li Fan asked, looking at He Zhenghao, whose demeanor had undergone a significant change.

"The wonders of this technique surpass my imagination. If the cultivation goes smoothly, I am confident that I can enter the Golden Core stage within thirty years." He Zhenghao was very pleased and thanked Li Fan again.

"I've already said, no need to be polite with me. Now, we're in the same boat. Your improvement will only benefit me!"

"Practice diligently and strive to enter the Golden Core stage soon." Li Fan encouraged.

He Zhenghao nodded in agreement.

"By the way, what do you plan to do with the 'Mountain Meditation Technique' technique you practiced before? Sell it to the Tianxuan Mirror?" Li Fan casually asked.

"Yes. It's a Golden Core cultivation technique, so it should still be worth some contribution points." He Zhenghao replied.

"How much can you sell it for?"

"Let me check." He Zhenghao took out a jade slip and communicated with the Tianxuan Mirror.

"It's only worth forty-five thousand contribution points?" He Zhenghao's face showed disappointment after a moment.

"Never mind, never mind! If it can recover some points, it's enough." He Zhenghao gritted his teeth and was about to sell the Mountain Meditation Technique to the Tianxuan Mirror.

At that moment, Li Fan suddenly spoke up.

"Wait!"

He Zhenghao turned to Li Fan and asked, "What's the matter, fellow Daoist?"

Li Fan shook his head. "Forty-five thousand contribution points is too much of a loss. I have a way to sell the technique elsewhere. You can at least get around fifty thousand points."

He Zhenghao was overjoyed. "That's great! I'll trouble fellow Daoist with this matter."

Saying this, he handed over the jade slip without any guard.

Naturally, part of this was due to their shared Commercial Contract. However, from He Zhenghao's perspective, Li Fan possessed a substantial amount of contribution points. Even if he borrowed two hundred and fifty thousand, there would still be at least four hundred thousand remaining.

With the freedom to choose any Nascent Soul technique, why would Li Fan covet his Mountain Meditation Technique?

Indeed, without even looking at the jade slip, Li Fan directly stashed it into his storage ring.

"After the matter is settled, I will transfer the contribution points to you."

"Once you get those contribution points, there's no need to rush to repay your debt to me. It's more important to quickly improve your cultivation with your new technique," Li Fan advised.

He Zhenghao showed a grateful expression.

Li Fan didn't linger any longer and went straight back to the Tianxuan Mirror.

With no more need to hide it, he took out the jade slip containing the Mountain Meditation Technique and carefully read it.

After a long time, he memorized all the contents in the jade slip, then crushed it.

"As expected, the previously reconstructed 'Mountain Meditation Technique' was incomplete."

The reason for going through all this trouble was not only to recruit He Zhenghao, gaining a Formation Master as an assistant, but also because of the insights gained in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Ancient techniques, such as the "Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique," often had supplementary methods that matched the cultivation method itself, apart from the main cultivation text.

The Mountain Meditation Technique, being an ancient cultivation method, should have had such supplementary methods.

However, the Mountain Meditation Technique Li Fan had previously reconstructed only contained the cultivation aspect, and was missing any other parts.

Coupled with He Zhenghao's earlier mention of the incredible methods of his Mountain Meditation Technique, Li Fan speculated that when he used the method of creating a clone to reproduce the technique, he had lost a portion of it.

So, after some twists and turns, he finally obtained the complete version of the Mountain Meditation Technique.

And the results did not disappoint Li Fan.

In addition to miraculous techniques like 'Earth Vein Sensing, 'Mountain Lifting', and 'Unity of Man and Mountain', the complete version of the Mountain Meditation Technique had another powerful characteristic that was comparable to 'Meditate and Wait for Success.'

It contained the essence of the Mountain Meditation Technique: 'Meditate on the Summit.'

Sitting atop the summit, motionless yet proud.

As the mountain peak grows, those meditating atop will simultaneously increase in height.

But more importantly, no matter how rapidly the mountain peak grows, no matter how high it rises, it must always be beneath the cultivator practicing the Mountain Meditation Technique.

As long as the cultivator does not rise up, the mountain will be perpetually suppressed.

This principle could be applied to both mountains and humans.

When Li Fan selected a cultivator he had invested in and activated 'Meditate on the Summit,' no matter how high the talent of this cultivator was, no matter how many opportunities they encountered, their cultivation realm would never surpass Li Fan's.

It was like they were carrying Li Fan on their back, advancing with an extra burden.

When this cultivator's realm was the same as Li Fan's, all their cultivation growth would instead increase Li Fan's cultivation.

If, for some reason, Li Fan remained stuck at a bottleneck throughout his life, unable to break through, then this cultivator will also be similarly unable to make progress, lingering in place.

"Extremely malicious." Li Fan could only use these words to describe the 'Meditate on the Summit' technique of the Mountain Meditation Technique.

Li Fan speculated that it was probably due to He Zhenghao's personality of being unwilling to make enemies that he did not practice this technique.

This led to the incomplete reproduction of the complete technique during the previous attempt.

A technique so powerful yet unreasonable naturally had corresponding restrictions.

For example, one could only choose one cultivator at a time to activate 'Meditate on the Summit.'

The realm of this cultivator must be at least one minor realm lower than oneself to successfully cast the spell.

Moreover, there were certain side effects.

The longer the effect of 'Meditate on the Summit' persisted, the more the victim was suppressed, and the stronger the intuition in their hearts would grow.

Although they couldn't directly know the specific reason why their cultivation couldn't progress, corresponding changes would spontaneously occur.

Initially, there would be an inexplicable aversion to the caster.

Then, this aversion would turn into hostility.

Finally, it would change from hostility to obsession.

An obsession of either you die, or I die.

Even with so many restrictions, in Li Fan's view, the suppression effect of the Mountain Meditation Technique was still very powerful.

Because the initiative of 'Meditate on the Summit' always remained in the hands of the caster.

One could still suppress for three to five years. As long as the situation hasn't developed to the point of mortal enemies, one can always switch targets.

And for Li Fan, as long as his cultivation grows, he doesn't care about any life and death grudges.

A mortal enemy in this life might become a close friend in the next life.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 204: Major Matters Need Resolution


After comprehending the intricacies of the completed "Mountain Meditation Technique" for most of the day, Li Fan purchased a blank 'Technique Exchange Contract' from the Tianxuan Mirror.

It was essentially the same as the one Li Fan had signed when selling the "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra" to the Tianxuan Mirror before.

However, since most cultivators had confidentiality requirements for the techniques they practiced, the buyer in this contract could remain anonymous.

This kind of agreement costs five hundred contribution points per piece. It was much cheaper than the usual one thousand contribution points for a standard 'Commercial Contract.'

The format was fixed, requiring only the seller's name, the technique's name, and the selling price to be filled in.

Li Fan changed his handwriting and wrote down He Zhenghao, "Mountain Meditation Technique," and fifty-five thousand contribution points.

Then he sent it to He Zhenghao using the Tianxuan Mirror.

"Fellow Daoist He, the matter has been settled. The other party is quite generous; the price is five thousand points higher than expected. Hurry up and sign the agreement."

After a moment, He Zhenghao's delighted voice came, "Thank you, fellow Daoist! I'll sign it right away!"

Not long after, a golden light tore through space and entered Li Fan's body.

From then on, He Zhenghao forgot about the contents of the "Mountain Meditation Technique."

Li Fan exchanged for fifty-five high-grade spirit stones and handed them to He Zhenghao.

The transaction was thus completed.

Li Fan activated the Tai Shang Primordial Scripture and dissolved his cultivation.

Then, he spent more than half a month familiarizing himself with and mastering the techniques within the "Mountain Meditation Technique."

After that, Li Fan conducted experiments.

[Truth] transformed into different Foundation Treasure successively within his dantian. With each transformation, Li Fan cultivated for a period of time.

This was to compare the affinity of different Heavenly Treasures with the "Mountain Meditation Technique."

The results left Li Fan somewhat disappointed; none of the Heavenly Treasures he currently mastered were suitable for the "Mountain Meditation Technique." The speed of cultivation was similar regardless of the Heavenly Treasure used.

Fortunately, the impact was not significant. Li Fan valued the "Mountain Meditation Technique" primarily for its investment function.

In this life, only He Zhenghao had benefited from Li Fan's favor so far.

Li Fan closed his eyes, stopped cultivation, and carefully sensed the changes in his internal cultivation.

After a while, Li Fan found the target.

A stream of cultivation arose seemingly out of nowhere. Although the quantity was extremely small and couldn't be discerned precisely, it flowed continuously like a clear stream.

Li Fan smiled faintly, "It seems fellow Daoist He is progressing well."

"In the twelfth life, when I practiced the 'Mountain Meditation Technique,' I invested in quantity. Although the progress was extremely fast, it attracted pursuit from powerful beings."

"This time, I need a different strategy. Instead, I must invest in quality."

"I should invest in the outstanding talents from my memories without restricting them. Just provide free guidance, let them cultivate freely, and allow them to seek their own opportunities."

"With the fortunes of these outstanding talents, I believe their cultivation speed will far exceed the previous time."

"Along with monitoring through the Formless Killing Intent, once they comprehend divine methods, I will be able to sense it at any time, observe, and assimilate for my own use."

Li Fan's thoughts turned as he silently contemplated.

Previously, Li Fan had already conducted experiments. Providing free guidance was equivalent to exchanging contribution points for cultivation, a guaranteed profit.

This time, contribution points were relatively abundant, enough to support Xiao Heng, Su Xiaomei, and others to cultivate to the Foundation Establishment stage.

Li Fan thought that when they all reached the late Foundation Establishment stage, he should be able to break through to the Golden Core stage.

"I just need to think of a foolproof plan. After all, things offered for free may make people suspicious."

...

Just as Li Fan was contemplating how to maximize the effectiveness of 'Meditate and Wait for Success,' on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, the mysterious disappearance of Zhou Qingang finally caught the attention of relevant personnel.

The Martial Hall dispatched a team of Golden Core cultivators, led by Elder Gongsun of the Heavenly Secrets Hall, to investigate the matter.

Initially, the revelation that Zhou Qingang had been bitten to death by ordinary fish caused a great shock.

How could a Foundation Establishment cultivator be bitten to death by ordinary fish?

It must be a conspiracy by the Five Elders Association!

A thorough investigation was about to arise. Upon hearing the news, He Zhenghao, anxious and uneasy, asked Li Fan to come to the Liuli Island to discuss countermeasures.

Li Fan comforted him, telling him not to worry, to behave normally, and to not show any abnormalities.

Afterward, he submitted the recording from the recording stone.

However, only the part where Zhou Qingang changed his appearance and looked for special stones on the unnamed island was retained.

The part where he later dove into the sea and conversed with the stone human face was completely deleted.

While submitting the footage, Li Fan also explained that he had accidentally witnessed Zhou Qingang changing his appearance and subsequently acting suspiciously.

Having kept a close eye on him, Li Fan secretly followed him and recorded the scenes.

As for what happened afterward, it remained unknown because Li Fan had lost track of him.

The authenticity of the footage was quickly confirmed.

Li Fan also faced an investigation from the Heavenly Secrets Hall.

They raised a series of questions about when the footage was recorded, why it was submitted only after Zhou Qingang went missing, and so on.

"The recording time was about twenty-three days ago. At that time, I didn't think much, and only felt that this person might have some secrets."

"Who knew that during my closed-door cultivation, he died. And it was such a ridiculous death, eaten by fish!"

"I knew something was off, so I immediately submitted this footage."

Under the effect of the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart, Li Fan appeared a bit nervous and confessed honestly.

The cultivator from the Heavenly Secrets Hall nodded slowly upon hearing this.

Afterward, the people in charge of the investigation exchanged some words and let Li Fan leave.

"Unless there's something important, don't leave the island easily. We may need your cooperation again in the future," the person reminded before leaving.

Li Fan nodded repeatedly in agreement.

However, the promised second investigation did not come.

Several days later, the investigation that had been widely discussed on Ten Thousand Immortals Island suddenly quieted down.

It seemed as if nothing had happened, and Zhou Qingang had never existed.

The mysterious and abnormal changes in the situation sparked various discussions among the people.

However, everyone knew that this matter was a bit strange, and discussions were kept private.

"Fellow Daoist Li Fan, what exactly is going on? Wasn't Zhou Qingang a spy? How did he suddenly die?"

"Why did the alliance suddenly stop investigating?"

He Zhenghao, who had breathed a sigh of relief from the crisis, was full of doubts.

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan understood the whole story.

Smiling, he said, "In my opinion, it's probably because they found out that Zhou Qingang was a spy, so the investigation was abruptly terminated."

"Different branches of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance are highly autonomous. If a spy infiltrated the Cong Yun Sea branch and even became the guardian of an island, it would be a tremendous scandal."

"To avoid punishment from headquarters and to protect the positions of many people, they naturally need to downplay the situation and sweep it under the rug."

"Anyway, Zhou Qingang is already dead. Whether he died accidentally or was murdered, it doesn't make much difference."

"The most important thing is that he's really dead. Once he's dead, it's as if this matter never happened."

"This way, everyone is happy."

"As for whether he stole and transmitted any confidential information..."

"It doesn't matter. Would the Five Elders Association still come after this small branch?"

When He Zhenghao first heard Li Fan's words, he found them unbelievable and absurd.

However, after deep thought, he felt that the reality might indeed be like that.

So, he remained silent for a long time.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 205: Ancient Battle of Annihilation


As if to confirm Li Fan's predictions, three days later, Li Fan received hush money.

Ten thousand contribution points, plus three middle-grade third-level merits.

This payment was meant to make Li Fan forget everything related to Zhou Qingang and not mention it to anyone again.

Li Fan had no objections and accepted the reward.

Ten thousand contribution points were not a small sum, and more importantly, his permission level successfully rose to the tenth stage, unlocking new privileges.

When searching for information in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan could now preview relevant data that would originally require a cultivation realm one stage higher.

In his case, some secret information only accessible to Golden Core cultivators could now be viewed by Li Fan due to his permission level reaching the tenth stage, even though he was currently at the Foundation Establishment stage.

Li Fan conducted a search as usual, looking for a technique that enhanced multitasking abilities.

This time, he finally got results. However, upon careful examination of the introduction to the technique called "One Person, Thousand Faces," Li Fan frowned with dissatisfaction.

The technique, once mastered, could significantly enhance the ability to handle multiple tasks concurrently. However, it came with an unavoidable side effect: over time, multiple personalities would uncontrollably form within the practitioner, essentially leading to a personality split.

Naturally, Li Fan didn't want to cultivate a technique that would turn him into a mental patient, so he had to reluctantly give it up.

In fact, regarding techniques for multitasking, Li Fan already had someone in mind to consult.

That person was Jiao Xiuyuan, who practiced the Ten Thousand Puppets Dao.

Jiao Xiuyuan's puppets were spread throughout the cultivation world, numbering in the thousands.

Each puppet was vividly lifelike, with expressions, movements, and gestures identical to a real person.

The first few times Li Fan saw him, he couldn't discern any differences.

Controlling so many puppets simultaneously without any lag must involve some special methods.

However, it was unclear whether it was due to the unique techniques of the Ten Thousand Puppets Dao or if there were other methods at play.

Li Fan's clone had tried to contact Jiao Xiuyuan earlier for inquiries but received no response, possibly because he hadn't yet recovered from the massive loss from Spirit Mist Grass. His Thousand Miles Hall was still closed to visitors.

So, Li Fan had to wait again.

With no luck with techniques, Li Fan decided to try out his newly unlocked privileges.

Previously, he couldn't search for information on the Fallen Immortal Realm and had to resort to disguises and indirect questioning to understand how to bring items back.

Now, it wouldn't be as troublesome.

After searching for the Fallen Immortal Realm, countless pieces of information appeared.

Li Fan discovered that all this information came from a relatively independent section called "Seeking Immortals."

In this section, discussions only revolved around matters related to the Fallen Immortal Realm. Any talk related to the real world would be immediately locked and deleted.

One could post in this section using their real identity or apply for a fake account to avoid exposure risks.

Li Fan didn't register but instead started browsing the relevant information in the Seeking Immortals section.

Most of the discussions were about the experiences and encounters in the Fallen Immortal Realm, as well as methods to bring items out.

Some cultivators who had successfully brought items from the Fallen Immortal Realm would publish guides.

You could access these guides by paying a certain fee and signing a confidentiality contract.

Curious, Li Fan searched for information about Ningyuan City.

To his surprise, despite the vast ocean of information in Seeking Immortals, not a single piece was related to Ningyuan City.

Li Fan then searched for information about the Purple Heaven Sect and Zhang Qianmo.

Still, no other cultivators had encountered Zhang Qianmo, and people had only encountered the ruins of the Purple Heaven Sect.

Li Fan browsed through the information, discovering that he and ordinary cultivators were in different time frames within the Fallen Immortal Realm.

During the time when Zhang Qianmo and Li Chen went to Ningyuan City to obtain Longevity Fruits, the new law had just been born and was not yet known to the public.

Most cultivators, upon entering the Fallen Immortal Realm, experienced a different time period.

The dispute between the new law and the old law had long come to an end.

The heavenly rule preventing multiple practitioners of the same cultivation technique had been in place for over thirty years.

Order was on the verge of collapse, and a great slaughter was about to unfold.

"The conflict between the new and old laws will last at least several decades. Afterward, the prosperity of the new law will attract the retaliation of heaven and earth, which will then respond after hundreds of years."

"Being trapped in a separate area is one thing, but how can the time period differ so much from that of ordinary cultivators?"

Countless doubts surged in Li Fan's mind.

So he started searching for information related to the discrepancy in time points.

He found that while such situations were rare, they were not entirely unheard of.

There was once a cultivator who appeared in an area of the Fallen Immortal Realm completely devoid of cultivators.

This particular region seemed to form its own realm, a unique space shaped by the evolution of human civilization over thousands of years after the extinction of cultivators.

This was a possible future time point.

Another cultivator was located in a more distant past at the entry point of the Fallen Immortal Realm.

It seemed to be during a tremendous and earth-shaking battle.

The warring factions were unknown, but the number of participating cultivators was astonishing.

According to the cultivator nicknamed Not Two, "It was densely packed, like ants, present across the entire space."

"The radiance of treasures and techniques shined incessantly."

"At every moment, countless cultivators died."

"Golden Core and Nascent Soul cultivators could only serve as cannon fodder. Soul Transformation, Dao Integration, and even Longevity Immortal experts were engaged in battles, falling one by one."

"The earth and space were torn apart, and chaotic black lightning struck the battlefield from beyond space, causing cultivators to fall like rain."

"It was truly a terrifying scene, reminiscent of the end of the world."

Because the images described by this cultivator were too bizarre, and only he had ever encountered such a situation, most cultivators believed he was fabricating stories and dismissed his claims.

Not Two, however, swore an oath with a curse that if there was any exaggeration, he would die instantly, body and soul.

This ruthless oath indeed subdued many skeptics.

Nevertheless, a significant number of cultivators remained unconvinced.

Apart from these two individuals, there were many other accounts of strange experiences.

It was only now that Li Fan truly understood what Chen Ying had told him earlier: the Fallen Immortal Realm was a world formed by the consciousness of a True Immortal before their fall.

In this realm, unimaginable events could occur.

"In such a magnificent world, I'm trapped in the small Ningyuan City. It's really hard to accept."

Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

"I wonder if it will be the same the next time I enter."

Casually glancing at the Seeking Immortals section once again, Li Fan was about to leave.

But his attention was irresistibly drawn to a certain phrase.

"Gathering" and "Exchange."

Li Fan couldn't help but click on it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 206: Pre-Expedition Realm


Unlike Li Fan, who had been trapped alone in Ningyuan City, other cultivators could form alliances to explore the Fallen Immortal Realm together.

By using an appropriate medium during the ritual, they could reach a peculiar space between reality and illusion before entering the Fallen Immortal Realm.

In this space, cultivators could exchange information and even trade items. Generally, this space would also be equipped with a special formation.

This formation, a fusion of ritual-stabilizing formations and mental connection-amplifying formations, allowed up to four cultivators to form a team to explore the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Cultivators referred to such spaces as "pre-expedition realms."

It was said that the earliest pre-expedition realm was created by a powerful Dao Integration stage cultivator for the convenience of inviting friends to explore the Fallen Immortal Realm together. Due to its great convenience, other cultivators gradually followed suit.

After thousands of years of development, numerous pre-expedition realms had emerged. Some were open to the public, accommodating tens of thousands of cultivators simultaneously. For a small fee, anyone could enter.

On the other hand, some pre-expedition realms were private. Only the owner of the pre-expedition realm knew the medium, and outsiders couldn't enter without permission.

The essence of a pre-expedition realm was to open a spatial rift connecting the Fallen Immortal Realm and the real world for transit.

However, these spatial rifts were unstable, so every few decades, pre-expedition realms needed maintenance and reinforcement, incurring considerable costs. Only truly great cultivators had the ability and willingness to maintain a pre-expedition realm.

Over the course of thousands of years, many of these cultivators had fallen, and the pre-expedition realms they opened were mostly abandoned.

Some individuals seized the opportunity, searching for these ownerless pre-expedition realms, refurbishing and redecorating them, and then selling them at high prices.

While the prices were steep, often requiring hundreds of thousands of contribution points, purchasing one was still more cost-effective than building a new one. Therefore, some cultivators were willing to buy.

However, if one had many pre-expedition realms and couldn't sell them, it could become a burden or even lead to losses. To address this, some individuals engaged in leasing unused pre-expedition realms.

Instead of paying a large sum of contribution points upfront, cultivators could pay a modest annual contribution to gain the right to use a pre-expedition realm. There were few cultivators willing to rent pre-expedition realms, especially for the low-priced public ones.

To attract customers, they posted numerous promotional messages on the Seeking Immortals board. Li Fan was drawn in by these messages.

"Pre-expedition realms, interesting." Li Fan thought for a moment, applied for a fake account, "Mingyue Palace Master," to conceal his identity, and then contacted one of the information providers.

This person was named "Violet Mist Immortal Sage." It was unclear if they truly had Dao Integration stage cultivation or if, like Li Fan, they were also using a false identity.

"Fellow Daoist Violet Mist, what is the specific price for leasing a pre-expedition realm?" Li Fan inquired.

Not long after, the reply came. "The price varies depending on the size of the pre-expedition realm. The lowest is eight thousand contribution points per year, and the highest goes up to over ten thousand."

The tone was indifferent, lacking any emotional expression.

Li Fan asked again, "Only the spiritual consciousness intensity of the Golden Core realm can support exploration of the Fallen Immortal Realm. Does this apply to pre-expedition realms as well? Can Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment cultivators enter?"

"It's for the convenience of your juniors, right? Rest assured, the pre-expedition realm is not part of the Fallen Immortal Realm but an independent spatial rift. There are no requirements for spiritual consciousness. As long as you have spiritual consciousness, you can enter through the ritual."

Perhaps seeing that Li Fan genuinely seemed to have leasing needs, the tone of the Violet Mist Immortal Sage became slightly warmer.

He explained, "If holding the ritual involves forcibly transporting a portion of our spiritual consciousness into the Fallen Immortal Realm using its power, then the pre-expedition realm is created by setting up a space in advance during transit, disrupting this process. Different media correspond to different spatial coordinates."

"Is it only possible to enter the pre-expedition realm while in the Xuanhuang Realm? What about the small worlds and caves affiliated with the Xuanhuang Realm within the effective range?"

"As long as they haven't separated from the Xuanhuang Realm, they are under the cover of the Fallen Immortal Realm, so there is no problem."

After getting confirmation from the other party, Li Fan felt somewhat tempted.

However, he didn't reply hastily; instead, he inquired with two other cultivators who were advertising leasing.

The answers he received were consistent. Eight thousand contribution points per year was the lowest price.

"It seems they have reached a consensus."

Li Fan then contacted Violet Mist Immortal Sage again, saying, "Kindly send me the information about these pre-expedition realms."

This time, the response was much quicker. As soon as the message was sent, a detailed introduction to hundreds of pre-expedition realms with various sceneries appeared in front of Li Fan.

To maximize the leasing and selling of these pre-expedition realms, Violet Mist Immortal Sage had put considerable effort into it. Every single one of these spatial rifts had a different scenery.

There were scenes of mountains in a vast sea of clouds, islands in a vast ocean, and ancient sect ruins with a mysterious atmosphere.

"If you fancy a particular pre-expedition realm but aren't satisfied with the scenery, I can also remodel it for you."

"Of course, the price will be a bit higher."

Violet Mist Immortal Sage added.

"After leasing a pre-expedition realm, can it be ensured that no outsiders will intrude?" Li Fan chose one without rushing to make a decision and asked carefully.

"The ritual medium is like an encrypted spatial coordinate. Generally speaking, without the guidance of the medium, any consciousness entering the Fallen Immortal Realm cannot intrude into a private pre-expedition realm."

"Of course, nothing is absolute. In the long years, there has been one such mishap."

"But it happened only once, so there's no need to worry," explained Violet Mist Immortal Sage.

"For each pre-expedition realm, we provide at least ten media. If it's not enough, you can purchase more at any time."

Hearing this, Li Fan nodded slowly.

He then sent over the details of the selected pre-expedition realm.

"I want to lease this one."

"Rent starts from one year, with a three-month deposit. If you need to renew the lease, you must pay the rent again at the same time each year."

"Full-year rental is required before cancellation, and the deposit will be refunded after cancellation," Violet Mist Immortal Sage skillfully explained.

Li Fan asked, "Is there a discount for long-term leasing?"

Violet Mist Immortal Sage paused and said, "Negotiable."

"If you rent for ten years, I can offer you a 5% discount."

"If you rent for twenty years, I can offer you a 10% discount."

"For twenty years and above, I can offer a 20% discount!"

"Then I'll rent it for thirty years," Li Fan said straightforwardly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 207: Feipeng Rises with the Wind


The pre-expedition realm that Li Fan selected had the lowest rental price of eight thousand contribution points per year. Although it was relatively small in scale, the scenery suited Li Fan's taste.

Instead of a picturesque scene of immortal splendor, it was built upon a gigantic skeletal left hand. The surrounding space was dark and silent, and the giant bone hand floated in the endless void.

According to the Violet Mist Immortal Sage, the conceptualization of this scene originated from the True Immortal who gave rise to the entire Fallen Immortal Realm in a single thought.

After negotiating with Violet Mist Immortal Sage and agreeing to a thirty-year lease with payment every ten years, the transaction was completed with the signing of a Commercial Contract.

Li Fan transferred sixty-four thousand contribution points. At the same time, he received a storage ring containing three items: a miniature skeletal left hand, ten white bone fingers, and a jade slip.

After picking up the jade slip and reading it for a moment, Li Fan instantly understood its usage. The miniature white bone left hand served as the control center for the pre-expedition realm. Activating the ritual with it granted the highest authority over the pre-expedition realm.

The ten white bone fingers served as the media.

Li Fan performed the ceremony within the Tianxuan Mirror: four items representing daily life were placed at the corners, while the white bone left hand was suspended in the center.

"Blessings bestowed by the Celestial Sovereign of Xuanhuang!"

Li Fan silently recited.

Since he had brought back the "Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique" from the Fallen Immortal Realm not long ago, he was still under restrictions and couldn't enter the Fallen Immortal Realm again. However, entering the pre-expedition realm posed no problem.

The four items, along with the white bone left hand, emitted a faint glow. A slight dizziness came over Li Fan, and in an instant, he felt the environment around him change.

An ancient and desolate atmosphere pervaded, with five gigantic white bone fingers slanting towards the sky. Li Fan was standing at the bottom of the bone hand. Compared to the enormous bone, he was like an ant.

"If I hadn't been mentally prepared, I'm afraid I would have been startled at first sight."

"Well, it should be enough to fool those kids."

Satisfied, Li Fan nodded. With a thought, he instantly appeared on the thumb bone.

The teleportation array to enter the Fallen Immortal Realm was arranged here. For now, Su Xiaomei and the others didn't need it, and he couldn't let them discover it.

With a wave of his hand, Li Fan hid the array. Then, he thoroughly checked the area to ensure no traces that could leak information were left behind before exiting this space.

"The stage is set; it's time for the actors to appear."

"Although they are still young, cultivating immortality should start from childhood."

"After spending so many contribution points, I need to recover the costs as soon as possible."

Thinking like this, Li Fan, after making preparations, immediately left Ten Thousand Immortals Island and headed straight for Dali.

The current Dali Realm was shrouded in a faint sense of hopelessness. Several months had passed since the agreed-upon date to receive supplies from the immortal master.

The supplies had already been collected, but the immortal master was still nowhere to be seen.

The central volcano in Dali seemed to be growing increasingly active recently. Thick black smoke billowed into the sky, visible even from the capital thousands of miles away.

The officials in the court wore desolate expressions all day long, and the Dali Emperor seemed to have lost his appetite.

In the capital, rumors had been circulating in secret, claiming that the immortal master had abandoned Dali.

With the imminent destruction of Dali, the end was not far off.

The Emperor used draconian measures and executed anyone spreading such rumors, managing to somewhat control the speed of rumor dissemination. However, he couldn't prevent the spread of despair.

Amidst this oppressive atmosphere, a strange event occurred in the capital one day.

In the black night, a meteor illuminated the sky and flew towards the imperial palace.

It hit the central palace where morning court was usually held, creating a deep crater and turning the palace into ruins.

Fortunately, the incident occurred late at night, causing only a few guards to suffer minor injuries and no other casualties.

Afterward, the Emperor personally supervised the excavation and discovered that the meteor from that night had miraculously remained intact.

What left the officials and courtiers of Dali bewildered and at a loss was that this so-called meteor turned out to be a white bone left hand.

Crystal-clear like jade, it possessed a mystical quality.

Although the Emperor knew that this bone hand must be a precious item, after researching for a long time, he couldn't figure out its purpose. In the end, he had no choice but to let the matter drop and ordered it to be placed in the deepest part of the treasury under strict guard.

One night after the commotion about the bone hand gradually subsided, in the Ye Family residence in the capital:

"Mercy, Senior!"

Ye Feipeng abruptly woke up from a nightmare, sweat covering his forehead.

With a frightened expression on his nine-year-old face, his chest rose and fell violently with intense breaths.

Once his emotions settled, he realized that something was off.

Blankly staring at his small body and the surroundings, which were both familiar and unfamiliar, Ye Feipeng's eyes were filled with confusion.

"Master, what's wrong?" A maid in the adjacent room, hearing the commotion, hastily rushed in wearing only a coat.

"It's nothing, you can go!" Ye Feipeng dismissed her, rubbed his temples, and felt a chaotic mess in his mind.

"A dream? Rebirth?"

Just now, Ye Feipeng experienced a long and vivid dream. In the dream, he was brought out of Dali by an immortal master ten years later, settling on Liuli Island. After five years of cultivation, he finally expelled the miasma from his body, successfully condensing Qi and becoming a true cultivator.

Unfortunately, the life of a cultivator was not as beautiful as he had imagined. It was even far less carefree than being a dandy young master in Dali. Running around like an ox or horse every day, it took him a year to finally save enough contribution points to buy a cultivation method.

Just as he felt accomplished in breaking through to the Qi Condensation stage within three years, a shocking event occurred in the Cong Yun Sea, completely altering his values.

"Crimson Flame burns the sea, Haobo integrates the Dao."

Ye Feipeng clenched his fists tightly. His fingernails pierced his flesh, but he didn't mind. Carefully recalling the detailed reviews of this historical event by the cultivators later, he was afraid of missing any details.

"Sixteen years of cultivation to achieve the Golden Core stage, then overcoming levels to slay a Dao Integration-level figure."

"Becoming the youngest Dao Integration Immortal Sage in history."

Jealousy and ambition filled Ye Feipeng's eyes.

"With the Cong Yun Sea as his aid, he seized the critical moments of the battle between the five Soul Transformation True Monarchs and the Crimson Flame."

"He, Zhang Haobo, could do it. Why can't I?"

"As long as I go to the cultivation world ten years earlier, with the countless opportunities in my memories, I have great foresight."

"I might be able to replace him, becoming a Dao Integration Immortal Sage who dominates an entire region!"

"This should be my fate!"

Ye Feipeng's eyes were bloodshot, and his mind was filled with countless thoughts.

Suddenly, he felt a severe headache, unable to endure any longer. His vision darkened, and he fainted.

Beside him, Li Fan's figure slowly appeared in the night.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 208: Feipeng’s Cultivation Chronicle


"Still too young. Even with my secret assistance, it's difficult for him to endure such a massive impact of information."

Li Fan looked at Ye Feipeng, who remained in a state of unconscious pain, silently contemplating.

He took out a Spirit Awakening Fruit from the storage ring and fed it to Ye Feipeng.

Afterwards, he used his spiritual qi to help Ye Feipeng refine it.

Soon, Ye Feipeng's complexion relaxed.

Li Fan gently stroked his head, activating the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art again, meticulously refining Ye Feipeng's memories of his "previous life."

When Ye Feipeng woke up again the next day, drenched in sweat, his expression was much calmer.

He wrote down a prescription and ordered someone to fetch the required ingredients.

While taking a hot bath, he planned the path of his rise in this world.

Compared to yesterday's chaotic thoughts, his mind was significantly clearer today.

"With the help of the Cleansing Heart Mantra and the prescription, I should be able to expel the miasma in my body."

"But without spiritual energy, I can't cultivate, rendering my efforts futile."

"I must not wait for ten more years; I have to seize this opportunity and leave early."

In Ye Feipeng's memory, about half a month later, a cultivator would arrive in Dali by chance.

This cultivator wasn't the one who had been cooperating with Dali previously, so he was unwilling to risk helping the citizens of Dali cross secretly.

Ignoring the desperate pleas of the Dali officials, this cultivator was about to leave.

Suddenly, the Emperor remembered the white bone hand that had fallen in the imperial palace not long ago.

Taking advantage of the situation, the Emperor declared that Dali possessed a legendary treasure.

As long as the cultivator was willing to take a group of people to the cultivation world, he would present this extraordinary treasure.

Perhaps due to fear of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, the cultivator did not directly resort to force.

After some consideration, he agreed.

However, he had his conditions.

He would only take children with an innate talent for cultivation, and the number couldn't be too large.

So, the cultivator personally selected ten children from the descendants of the powerful families in Dali and took them to the cultivation world.

Ye Feipeng remembered that among them were Xiao Heng of the Xiao family and Su Changyu of the Su family.

He, however, did not meet the qualifications due to his insufficient talent.

Thus, he wasted ten years in Dali.

"In my previous life, when I was in the mid Qi Condensation stage, I once encountered Xiao Heng by chance. At that time, he was already in the Foundation Establishment stage, far surpassing me."

"Cultivation must grow step by step."

"Wasting ten years results in completely different achievements in the future."

"This life will definitely not be the same."

"As long as I can break free from this predicament, I will be like a fish leaping into the vast sea or a bird soaring in the sky."

Ye Feipeng's eyes gleamed, walking out of the wooden tub and closing his eyes to practice the Cleansing Heart Mantra.

Perhaps due to the benefits of reincarnation, he felt that the efficiency of expelling the miasma from his body in this life was much faster than in the previous one.

In just over ten days, he almost completely rid himself of the miasma.

This made Ye Feipeng even more delighted.

However, in the following days, Ye Feipeng paused the process of purging the miasma.

A mortal without any miasma in his body would be too conspicuous.

If it aroused the suspicion of that immortal, it would be unfavorable.

In the current state, he seemed like a mortal with little Immortal-Mortal Miasma in his body.

It ensured that he would be selected without attracting much attention—an optimal balance.

"With this new opportunity, it's important to be cautious," Ye Feipeng reminded himself continually.

Following the same script as his memory, five days later, that cultivator arrived in the capital.

After another half-day, along with thousands of bewildered children, Ye Feipeng arrived at the square to be selected by the cultivator.

Even for a reborn person, his fate still rested in the hands of others at this moment.

This made Ye Feipeng somewhat nervous.

Fortunately, when the cultivator's gaze swept over him, it paused for a moment, and he was ultimately selected.

This made Ye Feipeng relieved and somewhat excited.

Not long after, the other children who were not chosen left.

The vast square now only had ten anxious children, including Ye Feipeng, along with the cultivator.

The cultivator summoned a flying boat, ready to take them away.

At this moment, Su Changyu suddenly shouted, "Immortal, please save my sister!"

Ye Feipeng's heart moved.

In his memories, it seemed that the cultivation talent of this little sister was even more terrifying than Xiao Heng.

In the previous life, before his own death, he vaguely heard that she seemed to have achieved the realm of Golden Core.

Although the cultivator was a bit impatient, he still went to the Su family.

When he returned, he had a joyful expression.

So, the group gained another infant who was still in swaddling clothes.

Before departing, the cultivator distributed the Cleansing Heart Mantra and the accompanying medicine, instructing them to cultivate on their own first.

After flying for more than ten days through Dali, the flying boat finally broke through the Immortal Extinction Formation, arriving in the cultivation world.

Feeling the dense spiritual energy around, Ye Feipeng was immediately immersed in deep ecstasy.

Carefully guiding the spiritual energy into his body, Ye Feipeng officially began his transformation into a cultivator.

After an unknown period, a thunderous shout suddenly exploded near his ears, waking him from his cultivation.

"Which cultivator dares to smuggle mortals!"

The thunderous voice echoed in his ears. Amidst the dizziness, Ye Feipeng's heart jumped.

A bad premonition suddenly surged.

"Fellow Daoist, please let me explain..." The cultivator who brought them out hurriedly tried to explain.

However, the other party seemed to have no intention of showing mercy.

"Stop the nonsense! According to the laws of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, those who smuggle mortals across the boundary must die!"

"Boom!"

With the opponent's indifferent voice, Ye Feipeng felt the flying boat he was on seemed to be hit, violently shaking.

"You're really going too far! If you want to kill me, let's see if you have the ability!"

The thunderous clash of techniques continuously resounded. The waves of spiritual energy stirred up were like hurricanes.

The flying boat was suddenly as fragile as drifting duckweed, swaying and about to fall at any moment.

Inside the cabin, the people from Dali had all awakened from their cultivation, except for Su Xiaomei, who was still sleeping soundly.

Although they had some cultivation talent, they were still children of about ten years old.

Moreover, they were the pampered children of wealthy families and had never witnessed mortal combat, let alone the scene of the two immortals fighting.

All of them turned pale, panicking and bewildered.

Only Ye Feipeng kept his composure, looking outside the flying boat.

He saw that the two cultivators seemed to have similar strengths, engaged in intense battle.

The momentum was grand, with radiance filling the sky.

It was impossible to see the specific scenes of their confrontation.

But judging from the aftermath of their clash, both of them were at least at the Foundation Establishment stage.

"This flying boat was not a formidable magical device from the beginning."

"It was already damaged from a frontal attack by that Foundation Establishment cultivator who suddenly appeared just now."

"Now, under the impact of the battle between the two sides, it is on the verge of complete destruction."

"Moreover, it seems that the matter of illegal border crossing has already been exposed."

"Staying here is a dead end!"

Ye Feipeng forced himself to calm down, thinking rapidly.

"I operated this flying boat in my previous life. As long as there are no restrictions, any Qi Condensation cultivator can drive it."

Thinking of this, Ye Feipeng rushed to the front of the ship, leaving the bewildered children behind.

Xiao Heng was a bit more alert, following him to see if there was any way to help.

Su Changyu was the oldest among these children, but he hadn't completely dispelled the miasma in his body yet; he was still just an ordinary person.

Knowing that he couldn't be of much help, he didn't join in the commotion.

He just took care of Su Xiaomei and calmed the crowd.

"Fatty, what are you doing?" Xiao Heng walked into the bow of the ship and saw Ye Feipeng touching the empty space in front of him.

Sweat beads kept falling from his forehead, looking extremely strenuous.

Ye Feipeng didn't answer and instead exerted all his efforts to control the flying boat beneath his feet.

"Oh, I see. You want to control the flying boat and escape," Xiao Heng observed for a while and suddenly realized.

"Why isn't it moving?" Ye Feipeng, irritated by the incessant questions, felt weak in his mind and involuntarily fell to the ground.

"Let me try!"

Ye Feipeng was about to scold Xiao Heng but suddenly felt the flying boat under him trembling slightly.

"Isn't it easy?"

"You can control the flying boat?"

The two voices sounded simultaneously.

A hint of surprise flashed across Ye Feipeng's face, followed by a few traces of jealousy upon hearing the words.

However, life and death were at stake now, and he couldn't afford to care about such matters.

Suppressing his emotions, Ye Feipeng hastily urged, "Quick, steer the flying boat away from here."

Innocently, Xiao Heng's voice came, "Where can we escape to? Everything around us looks the same, and we can't tell the direction!"

Ye Feipeng immediately became anxious, "Just choose any direction..."

Before he could finish his words, a scene suddenly appeared in his mind.

As if he had figured out something, Ye Feipeng quickly looked outside the flying boat, carefully distinguishing the surrounding scenery.

On the not-too-distant sea surface, nine whirlpools of varying sizes were distributed.

The sea currents were turbulent, making them particularly conspicuous.

"I seem to have been to this sea area when I tried to return to Dali in my previous life."

"The islands guarded by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance are not an option. But in the northwest direction, there seems to be an uninhabited island."

"Let's go there to lay low for now."

Quickly determining the direction, Ye Feipeng pointed and said to Xiao Heng, "Quick, fly towards that direction!"

Upon hearing this, Xiao Heng immediately manipulated the flying boat, escaping from the battlefield unnoticed by the two Foundation Establishment cultivators who were seemingly engaged in a fierce battle.

Ye Feipeng couldn't help feeling excited.

After flying for more than a day, they finally saw a small island covered with dense forest.

"We're here, fly into the forest, and let's hide first." Ye Feipeng quickly instructed.

Feeling relieved, Xiao Heng carefully landed the flying boat in the forest.

Ye Feipeng had everyone pluck branches and leaves, placing them on the surface of the flying boat as camouflage.

Then, the group returned to the cabin to discuss the next steps.

"We just arrived in the cultivation world, and we encountered such a thing. We're really unlucky!" Xiao Heng sighed.

"It's already good to be alive. Didn't you hear that our illegal crossing has been discovered?" Another child, about the same age as Xiao Heng, said.

Ye Feipeng said, "Now we can only hide on this island for a while. When the storm passes, we can think of a way to leave."

The people sighed in frustration, their little faces full of confusion.

"That's the only way. Fortunately, there is a water source and fruit trees on this island. We don't have to worry about food for the time being." Su Changyu sighed.

The future was uncertain, and everyone's mood was not good.

As night fell, they soon fell into a deep sleep.

In the middle of the night, Ye Feipeng suddenly felt a strange sensation and woke up from his sleep.

He quietly approached the exterior of the flying boat, only to see a streak of escape light descending from the sky in an instant.

The target was directly aimed at the flying boat concealed below.

"Oh no!" Ye Feipeng's heart jolted.

Before he could react, the light had already arrived in front of him.

"Hurry, help me inside..."

The person who came was the cultivator who had taken them out of Dali.

However, at this moment, he was covered in blood, weak, and seemed to be seriously injured.

Nevertheless, he was still a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

Ye Feipeng didn't dare to act rashly, responded with an affirmation, and was about to go forward to assist.

But then he saw the other person suddenly spit out a mouthful of blood and fall forward to the ground.

After convulsing a few times, he never moved again.

"Senior!" Ye Feipeng immediately let out a cry of surprise.

At this moment, an anomaly occurred in the sky above.

"Qi Condensation cultivator Fan Li cultivated the Dao for one hundred and sixty-five years. He achieved the Foundation with the Heavenly Treasure 'Eclipse Staff.' He suffered severe injuries in a battle in the Cong Yun Sea and was unable to recover."

"Now, he has died and has returned to the Dao!"

The brilliant scene, like fireworks, illuminated the sky.

Ye Feipeng was completely stunned by this unexpected spectacle.

"He... died?"

He was dumbfounded.

He never expected that this cultivator named Fan Li, who had barely escaped a disaster, would die right in front of him.

An ordinary bamboo staff slowly emerged beside his body.

Looking at the corpse of the Foundation Establishment cultivator, a bold idea suddenly appeared in Ye Feipeng's mind.

Holding his breath, he approached quietly.

When he reached the side of the corpse, he stayed still for a while.

After a while, he slowly squatted down and, illuminated by the firework-like announcement overhead, began to search the body quickly.

"What are you doing?"

In the silent night, a voice suddenly sounded behind him.

Ye Feipeng was startled and almost fell to the ground.

Turning around, he saw Xiao Heng looking at him with astonishment while he was searching the corpse.

"Hush!" Ye Feipeng couldn't help gesturing for silence.

Xiao Heng realized it now.

He approached and whispered, "What happened to this cultivator? Why did he die?"

"I guess he suffered severe injuries in the fight with that person just now. He barely managed to fly here but couldn't hold on any longer and died." Ye Feipeng casually replied, continuing to search the corpse.

"Why doesn't he even have a storage ring?" After flipping for a long time, he couldn't find what he was looking for.

Ye Feipeng couldn't help but complain in a low voice.

"Storage ring? Is it this?" Xiao Heng picked up a ring from the ground and asked.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 209: Illusory Dream Art and [Truth]


"It's this! Give it to me quickly!" Seeing the ring, Ye Feipeng's face lit up, and he was about to step forward to grab it.

However, Xiao Heng easily dodged him.

"I found it. Why should I give it to you?" Xiao Heng showed a cunning smile, firmly holding the storage ring in his palm.

Ye Feipeng squinted his eyes, and a dangerous idea involuntarily flashed in his mind. However, after assessing the power gap between them, Ye Feipeng ultimately suppressed the turmoil within."Xiao Heng, we're all people from Dali. Now that we are stranded in the cultivation world with an uncertain future, we should unite."

"Shouldn't we avoid internal conflicts over a storage ring?" Ye Feipeng reasoned.

Xiao Heng nodded, "You're right."

"The things inside this storage ring shouldn't be monopolized by one person, right?" Ye Feipeng asked again.

Xiao Heng snorted, "Am I that kind of person?"

Ye Feipeng couldn't help but rejoice, "Take out the things from the storage ring, and let's share them between us."

"How can it be just the two of us? There's also Changyu and Xiaomei's share. Don't worry, I'll handle the distribution fairly. People from Dali don't deceive each other." Xiao Heng patted his chest, guaranteeing.

Ye Feipeng hesitated but had to endure temporarily, facing Xiao Heng, who was currently much stronger.

"In the future, I'll deal with you." Ye Feipeng thought to himself.

Xiao Heng appeared oblivious to the underlying tension.

Instinctively, he widened the distance between himself and Ye Feipeng, taking out items from the storage ring one by one.

A pile of communication talismans.

A pile of spirit stones, a tattered umbrella.

A slightly yellowed formation map, along with a white bone hand.

And then...

Nothing?

Xiao Heng was somewhat dumbfounded. To prevent himself from missing anything, he double-checked.

"Is this all?" Xiao Heng was a bit incredulous. "Is this cultivator so poor?"

"How is that possible!" Ye Feipeng completely disbelieved.

Snatching the storage ring, he examined it himself.

However, Xiao Heng indeed did not lie.

This Foundation Establishment cultivator left so little wealth!

No cultivation techniques, no decent spiritual treasures. These things were basically worthless!

It was far too different from the dream of overnight wealth!

Under the huge psychological gap, Ye Feipeng was immediately frustrated, and angrily threw the storage ring to the ground.

Seeing this, Xiao Heng quickly picked it up.

After a while, Ye Feipeng gradually calmed his disappointment.

"Perhaps it was because of the fierce battle earlier that he used up everything? Maybe he handed over valuable things to survive and keep his life?" Ye Feipeng speculated.

"Anyway, he's a Foundation Establishment cultivator. It's impossible for him to be so poor, right?"

"In my previous life, even as a Qi Condensation cultivator, I..."

At this point, Ye Feipeng's thoughts paused.

He carefully thought about his situation in his previous life.

Apart from communication talismans, there was almost nothing else in his storage ring.

After all, cultivation techniques, contribution points, and similar items couldn't be carried around.

"Actually, this cultivator might really be this poor?" Ye Feipeng couldn't help but hesitate.

"What's this pile of things?" Just when he was immersed in self-doubt.

He saw Xiao Heng squatting beside a pile of communication talismans, picking up one and preparing to test its function.

Ye Feipeng's expression changed.

He approached, snatched the talisman from Xiao Heng's hand, then threw it on the ground and picked up a stone. He smashed it vigorously.

"What are you doing!" Seeing this, Xiao Heng couldn't help but ask loudly.

"What do you know! This is a communication talisman. If you accidentally activate it, it could expose our information. When others come seeking trouble, we won't be able to escape!" Ye Feipeng snorted.

Without hesitation, he destroyed all the communication talismans left by Fan Li.

Xiao Heng understood that what Ye Feipeng did was right, but he was still a bit unwilling. "How do you know these are communication talismans?"

Ye Feipeng was about to say something but stopped.

"I just know." In the end, he replied with a lack of patience.

Xiao Heng had a disbelieving look on his face.

Ye Feipeng suddenly felt a surge of anger.

However, after a second thought, he took a deep breath, and suppressed his anger: "Forget it, forget it. He's just a little brat. Why bother with him when you're starting a new life?"

Ignoring Xiao Heng, Ye Feipeng, under the cover of the night, searched Fan Li's body again, attempting to find something else.

Unfortunately, he gained nothing.

Sighing, he said to Xiao Heng, "Come, lend me a hand. Help me throw him into the sea."

Xiao Heng was puzzled, "Why?"

Ye Feipeng felt a bit of a headache but patiently explained, "You want everyone else to know that we inherited the legacy of this Foundation Establishment cultivator? There wasn't much valuable stuff to begin with, and if more people share, we won't get anything!"

Xiao Heng couldn't help but nod seriously.

Watching Ye Feipeng struggling to move the body, Xiao Heng stepped forward and easily lifted the corpse.

Ye Feipeng couldn't help but be astonished, "Why do you have so much strength?"

Xiao Heng was also puzzled, "I don't know. I didn't have this much strength before."

Ye Feipeng squinted his eyes, carefully observing Xiao Heng's body.

Under his perception, a lot of spiritual energy spontaneously flowed into Xiao Heng's body.

Unbeknownst to Xiao Heng, his physical body was being strengthened, and his cultivation realm was being elevated.

"What kind of innate talent is this?" Ye Feipeng couldn't help feeling bitterness in his heart.

"It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. No matter how high his talent is, I am a reborn person."

"My goal is to become a Dao Integration Immortal Sage..."

Comforting himself in his heart, Ye Feipeng turned his head away and stopped looking at Xiao Heng.

They picked up many stones together and stuffed them into the corpse's clothes.

Then, with unified effort, they tossed the corpse into the sea.

Watching the body slowly sinking into the depths, Ye Feipeng couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

At this moment, Xiao Heng started making a fuss again, "Fatty, what did you mean by Foundation Establishment? When you looked at me with that expression just now, did you see something?"

"How do you suddenly know so much? Are you hiding something from us?"

...

Ye Feipeng turned a deaf ear, pretending not to hear.

Approaching the pile of spoils, he said, "Dawn is approaching. Let's divide these things."

Xiao Heng glanced at the scattered items on the ground and then scrutinized Ye Feipeng.

Eyes shifting, he said, "You first tell me what these things are!"

Ye Feipeng cast a disdainful look at Xiao Heng but still began to count them one by one, "Five hundred and sixty-eight low-grade spirit stones. Better than nothing."

"This umbrella seems to be a protective spiritual weapon? But it's already quite damaged, barely usable, and is not worth much."

"This formation map is in decent condition. Unfortunately, it's defensive in nature."

"It can be set up next to the flying boat to avoid disturbances from the wild beasts on the island."

Ye Feipeng explained.

Xiao Heng stared intently, pointing to the last remaining bone hand, "And this?"

"This is..."

Ye Feipeng picked up the bone and examined it carefully, unable to discern its purpose.

"I don't know about this. However, that cultivator named Fan Li was deceived by our Dali Emperor."

"This is not some legendary treasure. It just fell from the sky not long ago."

"Who knows what use it has."

Ye Feipeng explained with a sneer.

"Fell from the sky?" Xiao Heng exclaimed.

Then, he looked at Ye Feipeng with some admiration, "Fatty, how do you know everything? I've never heard of these things."

Under Xiao Heng's gaze, Ye Feipeng felt a bit complacent, "I know a lot."

Seeing this, Xiao Heng quickly said, "Then I'll choose this bone hand. Since you're so knowledgeable but you don't even know what it's used for, it must have a significant origin."

Ye Feipeng hastily said, "Then I'll take this pile of spirit stones."

"Alright!" Xiao Heng clapped his hands.

"This umbrella is for Xiaomei, and this formation map is for Changyu."

In an instant, the spoils were divided, and Xiao Heng nodded in satisfaction.

Seeing this, Ye Feipeng felt secretly triumphant.

"Talent is nothing. After all, he lacks the foresight of a reborn person like me. Choosing external items has no real use."

"Spirit stones can be converted into contribution points, which can then be used to exchange for cultivation techniques."

"With this pile of spirit stones, after joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, I can save a lot of time running errands. Sooner or later, I'll exchange for a Qi Condensation technique."

"In the cultivation world, cultivation techniques are fundamental!"

However, he still knew the principle of quietly getting rich, keeping his self-satisfaction in his heart without showing it on his face.

"Alright, it's decided. No backing out." Ye Feipeng extended his hand to shake with Xiao Heng.

However, after some thought, he, being a reborn person, couldn't act so childishly.

So, he retracted his hand.

"Keep the items in your possession for now. After it's safe and we can officially cultivate, you can distribute them to us."

Xiao Heng nodded and stored all the scattered items back into the storage ring.

"Let's go back to sleep. Move quietly, don't let anyone notice." Ye Feipeng whispered, then returned with Xiao Heng to the flying boat.

They fell into a deep sleep.

Under the moonlight, Li Fan, who had been concealing his presence and observing the two from start to finish, shook his head in secret.

"After all, he is not a true reborn person."

"He's just a nine-year-old child that has been forcibly fed a bunch of 'past life memories' that are far from perfect."

"Ye Feipeng's actions and habits are still quite child-like."

"The nature of his heart is still as innocent as a child's."

"They say experiences can influence and shape one's character to a certain extent. But my Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art is far from being able to change a person's character to that degree."

"I tried my best to weave genuine memories. During the days before leaving Dali, my mind and spirit were significantly depleted."

"Unfortunately, a person experiences too much in their lifetime."

"To completely fabricate every detail of a real life is still too difficult."

Li Fan suddenly thought of the third option that had never been used in [Truth] again.

Retaining the memory of one person close to oneself and being able to have that person inherit this memory.

"The disadvantage of this option of [Truth] is that it is uncontrollable."

"Perhaps combining [Truth] with the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art might achieve the authentic regression I desire."

While thinking about this, Li Fan entered the flying boat.

He made everyone fall into a deep sleep.

From Xiao Heng's storage ring, he took out the bone hand.

He took a section of the hand bone and used it as a medium.

Then, he set up a ritual.

Afterward, with a light touch on Xiao Heng's forehead, he activated the Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art.

Immediately, Xiao Heng got up from the ground as if he was sleepwalking.

Under his breath, he recited silently.

"Blessings bestowed by the Celestial Sovereign of Xuanhuang."

An inexplicable force descended.

Xiao Heng's consciousness instantly appeared in Li Fan's leased pre-expedition realm.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 210: The Past of the Fallen Immortal


Xiao Heng rubbed his eyes and looked around in a daze.

The eerie atmosphere surrounding him made him instinctively uneasy.

In the distance, five peculiar and conspicuous white pillars stood crookedly, reaching straight into the sky.

Looking down at his feet, Xiao Heng noticed the ground was made of the same white material.

"Where is this..."

Xiao Heng felt puzzled.

He remembered he was on a deserted island, wasn't he? Could it be a dream?

Subconsciously, Xiao Heng pinched himself.

"Ouch!"

The intense pain instantly woke Xiao Heng up.

"This is not a dream?"

Fear crept into Xiao Heng's heart.

He shivered and surveyed his surroundings.

In the distance, there was a dark, endless void, permeated with an ancient and desolate aura.

The ground under his feet and the five white pillars in the distance seemed to be connected, floating in this space.

Xiao Heng suddenly felt a sense of familiarity with this place, as if he had seen it somewhere before.

After carefully observing for a while, a scene flashed through his mind.

Various details became more and more similar.

Suddenly, Xiao Heng was shocked and fell to the ground, trembling all over.

"This... is that bone hand?"

Such a bizarre occurrence exceeded Xiao Heng's cognitive limits.

Fear instantly took over his mind, and he instinctively curled up like an ostrich, burying his head in his arms.

However, after a while, the fear of the unknown couldn't suppress his curiosity.

Seeing no other movements in this space, Xiao Heng's curiosity gradually overwhelmed his terror.

He got up and cautiously explored the area.

The region he was in, the palm, was relatively spacious, and he didn't have to worry about falling into the endless void.

Most of the surroundings were ruins, indicating a fierce battle that had once occurred, destroying all the buildings.

Navigating through the debris, after a moment, something caught Xiao Heng's attention.

A broken sword was stuck upright in the ground.

The sword was covered in dark red bloodstains.

As Xiao Heng approached, he realized that the sword had first pierced through a skull before being embedded in the ground.

"This place must have existed for who knows how long. This sword can endure for so long without much damage. It must be an extraordinary treasure!" Xiao Heng thought to himself as he approached.

Grasping the hilt with both hands, he pulled the sword out with force.

However, before Xiao Heng could examine the newly acquired treasure, the ground beneath his feet suddenly shook violently.

"Despicable Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance!"

The skull that had been stabbed by the long sword actually let out a roar and flew up into the sky.

Once again, Xiao Heng was frightened by this scene and fell to the ground.

With a clang, the long sword in his hand also fell to the ground.

Seemingly attracted by the noise, a pitch-black light shot out from the dark eye sockets of the skull, hitting the sword's blade directly.

"Boom!"

The long sword exploded in a burst of light.

The instant the light shot out, Xiao Heng instinctively jumped to avoid the explosion.

Although he evaded the explosion, he was still frightened, sweating profusely.

"Senior, spare me! Spare me!" Xiao Heng knelt on the ground, kowtowing. While kowtowing, he shouted, keeping his eyes fixed on the skull, ready to escape at any moment.

It seemed that Xiao Heng's shouts had an effect.

The skull's voice became somewhat puzzled, "Huh? Not from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance? Where did this little kid come from?"

The skull then flew up into the sky, circled around, and after a while, returned to its original position, looking somewhat lost, "So much time has passed..."

Seeing that the skull seemed to have no hostile intent, Xiao Heng breathed a sigh of relief.

He tentatively asked, "Senior, where is this? Can you send me back?"

The skull sneered, "You, kid, are really strange. Since you can come here, how do you not know where this is? You're even asking me?"

Xiao Heng looked innocent, "Senior, I didn't lie. I really don't know where this is!"

"Hmph!"

The skull, full of disbelief, quickly flew closer, making several turns.

With its dark eye sockets, it carefully examined Xiao Heng.

"Hmm? No traces of the ritual, how did you get in?" After a long time, as if it had discovered something, the skull questioned suspiciously.

"Ah?" Xiao Heng was puzzled by the question.

But soon, he realized, "The hand bone! I have a hand bone exactly like the one under us!"

"Senior, is this place inside that hand bone?"

"Hand bone?"

The skull suddenly understood, "So that's how it is."

"Kid, are you not from the Xuanhuang Realm?" the skull asked.

"Xuanhuang Realm? What's that?" Xiao Heng was somewhat puzzled.

"Hehe, it's commonly known as the cultivation world. Kid, in the world where you come from, are there legends of cultivators?"

Xiao Heng looked strange, thought for a moment, and then honestly confessed, "I won't hide it from you, Senior. I used to be in a place called the Dali Realm. But not long ago, a senior cultivator brought me and a few others from my hometown to the cultivation world."

"What?" The skull seemed shocked, quickly asking, "Is your main body in the cultivation world now? Are there any cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance around you?"

Xiao Heng shook his head, "The senior who took us out of Dali seemed to have encountered a cultivator from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. They claimed he committed some crime, and they fought. I took the opportunity to escape to a deserted island."

"Although that senior later found us, he unfortunately died."

"Hmph, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is truly wicked. He just helped ordinary people return to the cultivation world, but it's labeled as a crime. They are really adept at adding insult to injury!" The skull expressed extreme anger and disdain.

"Kid, remember, never let the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators discover the white hand bone on you."

"Otherwise, your life will be in danger!"

The skull cautioned.

"Why?" Xiao Heng widened his eyes.

"This involves a great being's grudges with the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance." The skull sighed and then recounted a past story to Xiao Heng.

A long, long time ago, a True Immortal descended into the Xuanhuang Realm.

He was compassionate and cared for all living beings.

Understanding the difficulties of cultivation and the hardships of cultivating immortality, he tirelessly taught the principles of cultivation to cultivators worldwide.

Many cultivators benefited from his kindness, rapidly advancing in their cultivation.

The cultivation world experienced a period of great prosperity.

However, when the True Immortal's time in the lower realm reached its limit, and he was about to return to the Immortal Realm, he was attacked by a group of cultivators.

These people had profound cultivation and were fearless in the face of death.

They directly shattered the connection to the Immortal Realm, leaving the True Immortal with no escape.

Under the endless consumption of countless battles, the True Immortal's injuries became increasingly severe.

Eventually, he fell in the Xuanhuang Realm.

Although the True Immortal died, his determination did not fade.

Before falling, he took one last look at the Xuanhuang Realm, memorizing everything. Later, the True Immortal's lingering consciousness, after thousands of years of evolution, formed a vast world of consciousness.

The Fallen Immortal Realm.

The cultivators who attacked the True Immortal were the original Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

...

The story contained a vast amount of information, and Xiao Heng took a while to digest it.

"Senior, why did the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance attack the True Immortal?" Xiao Heng asked.

"Why? Naturally, for the sake of profit! The True Immortal descended from a higher realm with numerous immortal techniques and artifacts."

"Acquiring just one of them would be a great opportunity."

"For instance, the foundation of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance today, the Tianxuan Mirror, was once one of the True Immortal's personal artifacts."

"It has endless marvelous uses."

The skull's tone was full of resentment as it explained.

Later, it introduced the wondrous aspects of the Tianxuan Mirror to Xiao Heng.

Xiao Heng, who had never seen such a treasure, couldn't help but be fascinated.

Afterward, he couldn't help but say, "The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is truly despicable!"

After a while, Xiao Heng asked again, "Senior, who are you, and how did you end up like this?"

The skull fell silent for a long time, seemingly immersed in memories.

Then, it slowly said, "Not all cultivators are as crazy as the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance back then."

"There are still many cultivators who, having received kindness from the True Immortal, felt extremely grateful and respectful toward him."

"Upon hearing the news of the True Immortal being attacked by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, they were grief-stricken and vowed to avenge the True Immortal."

"They spontaneously formed the Immortal Revival Organization and resisted the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"Unfortunately, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was too powerful, and the Immortal Revival Organization was far from enough."

"After thousands of years of annihilation, the number of people in the Immortal Revival Organization grew smaller and smaller. Now, only I am left."

The skull's words contained an endless aura of sadness.

Xiao Heng, who had an extremely strong sense of justice, could not help but be infected by it, and his eyes reddened slightly.

"Senior...." He wanted to speak a few comforting words but was interrupted by the skull.

"Haha, an old man like me doesn't need a small child like you to pity me!"

"Previously, I was left with only my consciousness, surviving in the cracks of the Fallen Immortal Realm, with no one left to succeed me."

"But heaven didn't forsake the Immortal Revival Organization and brought you to me!" A faint light shot from the skull's eye sockets, enveloping Xiao Heng.

"You are a rare cultivation genius seen once in a millennium. Join us and take up the banner to fight against the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. It's perfect!"

Saying this, Xiao Heng noticed a storage ring appearing on his hand.

At the same time, numerous pieces of information instantly appeared in his mind.

Most of them were common knowledge needed for cultivation, but there was even a technique called the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique."

The skull retracted the faint light and slowly said, "I have imparted some foundational knowledge to you, enough for you to safely cultivate to the Golden Core stage."

"But remember, you must be careful to conceal yourself and not expose your identity. The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's Immortal Ancestor is unfathomably powerful. After thousands of years, his strength is probably no less than that of the True Immortal back then."

Xiao Heng's expression became solemn. However, he awkwardly asked, "Senior, I'm young and alone. It seems a bit... inappropriate for me to confront the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, isn't it?"

The skull scolded, "Nonsense! You can recruit people! If you encounter someone with good talent, you can invite them to join our Immortal Revival Organization. The Immortal Revival Organization has been dormant for thousands of years, and it's time for fresh blood to join."

"But make sure they are trustworthy individuals, and don't let any spies from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance infiltrate."

Xiao Heng, hearing this, was pleasantly surprised. "That's great!"

The skull continued, "I've consumed too much energy in transmitting these skills to you. I'm about to fall into a deep sleep."

"For a while, the matters of Immortal Revival Organization will be in your hands."

"If there are new members, you can take them to the middle finger bone."

"There is an altar there, which is a special treasure of the Immortal Revival Organization. Through prayers, you can obtain techniques and items."

"However, the altar has a spirit and will only respond to reasonable requests. You'll know the specifics when you use it."

The voice of the skull grew weaker, but it continued to provide instructions.

"Senior, how long will you sleep before awakening?" Xiao Heng asked with concern.

"Hehe, that's hard to say. I was already a dead man. I can survive only because of a lingering obsession. I might wake up in a year or two, or I might never wake up again."

"But if you're willing, in the future, when you have the ability, you can collect the Foundation Treasures left by cultivators after death for me. These things have lost their value to others but are helpful for my recovery."

The skull spoke slowly.

Xiao Heng nodded repeatedly, remembering these instructions.

"Remember one more thing. If you sense that my aura has completely disappeared, it means this place may have been exposed. Destroy the hand bone immediately and never come here again," the skull emphasized.

"Alright, that's it." The skull seemed extremely weakened, unable to continue.

"Senior!" Just as the skull was about to fall into a deep sleep, Xiao Heng hesitated for a moment and asked the lingering question in his heart.

"You haven't told me your name yet?"

"...You are not worthy of knowing my name at the moment. When you truly bear the heavy burden of Immortal Revival Organization, you will naturally find out."

With these words, the skull dissipated into the darkness.

"Senior? Senior?" Xiao Heng called several times, but there was no response.

Regretfully sighing, he looked at the empty surroundings. Xiao Heng took out a silver necklace from his storage ring.

Following the instructions of the senior, he probed it with his spiritual consciousness, and the silver necklace emitted a radiant light.

Then, Xiao Heng's vision darkened, and after a moment, he found himself back inside the flying boat on the deserted island.

His companions were still sleeping around, and everything that happened seemed like a dream.

However, the ring on his hand and the necklace hanging on his chest reminded Xiao Heng that this was not a dream.

The young Xiao Heng now bore a burden that a child of his age shouldn't bear.

Feeling mentally and physically exhausted, it didn't take long for him to fall into a deep sleep.

Early the next morning, he woke up earlier than everyone else.

Alone, he went to the seaside, recalled the techniques taught by the senior, closed his eyes, and began sensing the spiritual energy around, quietly cultivating.

After half a day, when Ye Feipeng, who couldn't find Xiao Heng's trace after waking up, sensed a spiritual energy fluctuation by the seaside, he walked over.

Initially, he didn't notice anything unusual.

However, as he approached, Xiao Heng suddenly opened his eyes, and a faint blue, vaguely formed water sword appeared.

Hovering in front of Xiao Heng, the sword pointed directly at Ye Feipeng, ready to launch a lethal attack.

Ye Feipeng was instantly horrified, stumbling and falling to the ground.

Pointing at Xiao Heng with his finger, his body trembling, he couldn't utter a word.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 211: The Swimming Dragon Arises from Canghai


"What's going on? What's going on!"

Seeing Xiao Heng in this state, Ye Feipeng was truly shocked.

Having experienced a "rebirth," he naturally understood that this water sword could only be condensed after practicing a certain cultivation technique.

But how was that possible?

This kid had just entered the cultivation world and knew nothing.

How could he have mastered a technique overnight?

Could it be that he had been possessed?

Such thoughts involuntarily crossed Ye Feipeng's mind.

Looking at Xiao Heng, whose temperament had changed greatly, Ye Feipeng became more and more convinced.

With an unpleasant smile, Ye Feipeng struggled to get up and tried to escape back to the flying boat.

"Fatty! Why are you running?" Xiao Heng, who had awakened from cultivation, saw Ye Feipeng's embarrassed figure and couldn't help but find it strange, shouting loudly.

Hearing the familiar tone and tone, Ye Feipeng couldn't help but stop in his tracks.

He turned around and looked at Xiao Heng suspiciously, "You haven't been possessed?"

Xiao Heng replied impatiently, "You're the one who has been possessed!"

"How do you know what possession is?"

"How do you know what possession is?"

Both of them spoke at the same time, pointing at each other.

"What secret do you have on you!"

"What secret do you have on you!"

The two confronted each other with cold faces, and in the end, Ye Feipeng, who was much weaker in strength, yielded first.

"Hmph, I'll go first. It's not a big deal, but you have to keep it secret for me." Ye Feipeng looked at Xiao Heng, raising his voice.

"Fine!" Xiao Heng nodded in agreement.

"It's not some earth-shattering secret. Have you heard of 'innate knowledge'?" Ye Feipeng looked at Xiao Heng with a sidelong glance. "When I was born, my mind naturally contained a lot of knowledge. However, when I was younger, I couldn't figure out what those things were."

"But as I grew older, I finally understood that those were various knowledge related to cultivation."

"Now I've said it. Tell me quickly, what happened to you overnight? How did you change so much?"

Ye Feipeng spoke rapidly, asking urgently.

"It turns out you're not a spy from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance!" Xiao Heng breathed a sigh of relief.

However, he didn't completely believe it.

"Guard your heart against others. The senior said that our Immortal Revival Organization is currently in decline, and many of our means have been lost."

"Using this contract borrowed from the Five Elders Association ensures our safe development. It's not shameful."

Thinking this way, he took out a golden contract from his storage ring and handed it over.

"Soul Contract? Where did this kid get this thing? I remember this isn't cheap!"

Ye Feipeng was suspicious, taking the Soul Contract and examining it carefully.

"I voluntarily join Immortal Revival Organization."

"I will not disclose any information about this organization to outsiders."

"I will not harm any members of this organization."

"..."

This was a one-sided Soul Contract, but the restrictions were not too strict.

After reading it carefully, Ye Feipeng pondered for a moment, then wrote his name on it.

Feeling the golden light entering his body, Ye Feipeng said, "How about it? Can you tell me now?"

Xiao Heng was very happy. The second day after Immortal Revival Organization reappeared in the world, a new member was added.

"Senior said that if we encounter companions with good talent, we can recruit them into Immortal Revival Organization. Fatty was born with innate knowledge and should have decent talent."

So, he narrated the encounters of the night in detail.

After listening, Ye Feipeng's first reaction was disbelief.

"What's Immortal Revival Organization? I've never heard of it."

"Joining the organization comes with free cultivation techniques? How is that even possible? Are you being deceived?" Ye Feipeng couldn't help but ask.

Xiao Heng gave Ye Feipeng a disdainful look. "We just entered the cultivation world, penniless, with nothing valuable on us. What is there to deceive us for?"

"If you don't believe it, come with me."

Xiao Heng took out a necklace and then retrieved the white bone hand from his storage ring. He gently broke the index finger.

Handing both the necklace and the bone finger to Ye Feipeng, Xiao Heng said, "Wear the bone finger on you and activate the formation in the necklace."

Ye Feipeng, still skeptical, followed Xiao Heng's instructions.

After a moment, the surroundings underwent a transformation.

Ye Feipeng's consciousness also entered the White Bone Realm.

With five fingers pointing to the sky and the vast ancient scenery, Ye Feipeng, a "reborn" cultivator with a Qi Condensation stage cultivation in his previous life, felt great shock in his heart.

"How about it? I wasn't lying to you, right?" Xiao Heng said somewhat smugly.

"The fall of a True Immortal, a single thought births a world. Both illusory and real..." Ye Feipeng pinched himself, and the shock in his heart lingered like endless waves.

Suddenly, he seemed to remember something and sprinted towards the central bone of this hidden realm.

"Slow down, you can't fly yet, be careful not to fall!" Xiao Heng saw the situation and quickly shouted.

"Stupid, this is obviously a consciousness space. Falling down won't kill me." Ye Feipeng thought to himself. He ignored Xiao Heng and crawled along the slanting bone finger.

Soon, he arrived at the tip of the bone finger.

A quaint altar stood prominently.

"If what this kid said is true..."

"Cultivation techniques, cultivation techniques, I want cultivation techniques." Ye Feipeng earnestly prayed.

The altar remained unresponsive for a while.

At this point, Xiao Heng had finally climbed up slowly.

"It's useless to do it like this! If you want something, just shout it out loud!" Xiao Heng, seeing his appearance, quickly explained.

"Why didn't you say it earlier? This little brat, if I could beat you, I would have beaten you up long ago..." Ye Feipeng felt aggrieved in his heart.

But with the cultivation technique in front of him, he temporarily didn't want to argue with him.

Standing in the center of the altar, Ye Feipeng shouted loudly, "Cultivation technique! I want a cultivation technique!"

It seemed that the altar heard Ye Feipeng's voice, and a bright white light suddenly emitted from the altar.

Then the light dimmed.

Ye Feipeng's heartbeat also suddenly stopped.

Time seemed to pause.

It felt like just a moment, yet also like a long time had passed.

In the center of the altar, a faint white light suddenly appeared.

After a moment, the light dispersed.

A jade slip quietly floated in the air.

Ye Feipeng eagerly picked up the jade slip and carefully read its contents.

"Canghai Swimming Dragon Technique, Foundation Establishment cultivation technique..."

"It's actually a Foundation Establishment cultivation technique!"

Ye Feipeng's voice trembled, and his eyes turned red.

In his previous life, he worked hard for many years but couldn't accumulate enough contribution points to buy a Foundation Establishment cultivation technique.

Who would have thought that in this life, it would be given for free!

"Good, good!"

Ye Feipeng, who understood the value of cultivation techniques, was now so excited that he couldn't speak.

In his mind, there was only one thought.

"Let the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance go to hell!"

"With this mysterious and unpredictable organization providing cultivation techniques for free..."

"Plus my foresight..."

"In this world, there's hope for Dao Integration!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 212: Ripples in the World


In the White Bone Realm, Li Fan, who held the highest authority, looked at the excited Ye Feipeng and the equally happy Xiao Heng, nodding secretly.

"After playing with these kids for so long, the groundwork has been laid."

"In the future, unless something unexpected happens, I can sit back and enjoy the returns on my investment without having to bother with anything."

To make his fabricated lies look as real as possible, Li Fan spared no effort and spent a considerable amount of resources.

This included but was not limited to a necklace that integrated communication formations and ritual formations, a transmission formation disguised as an altar, a Foundation Establishment puppet, an illusion stone that faked the signs of a cultivator's fall, and so on.

The reason for such meticulous planning in this world, including leasing and transforming the pre-expedition realm and fabricating non-existent stories of ancient immortal experiences, was because of Li Fan's considerations.

Firstly, if he directly supported them with cultivation techniques as a cultivator, it would be fine at the beginning when these prodigies were still young and naïve.

However, as they grew older and realized the preciousness of cultivation techniques, suspicions and doubts might arise, and they might question if there were hidden costs or a conspiracy behind the scenes.

Once doubt crept in, it could lead to numerous complications. By disguising the gift of cultivation techniques as the natural encounters of these prodigies, the worry of hidden motives could be avoided.

Secondly, after establishing the organization known as the "Immortal Revival Organization," he could comfortably play the role of a detached investor. He no longer needed to tirelessly search for exceptionally talented individuals to invest in personally.

Talents attracted each other. During the journey and adventures of prodigies like Xiao Heng and Su Xiaomei, they were likely to encounter companions with outstanding talents.

Without Li Fan's intervention, the the number of members of the Immortal Revival Organization would naturally increase.

He could let these prodigies grow freely, focus on his own cultivation, and enjoy the returns from the expansion of the Immortal Revival Organization.

Thirdly, the background of the Immortal Revival Organization's grudge against the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would naturally add a layer of pressure on Xiao Heng and others.

Pressure provides motivation, allowing them to squeeze out their full potential in cultivation, and Li Fan could recover his investment more quickly.

Li Fan clearly remembered that in the previous life, Xiao Heng took more than ten years to eliminate the miasma within his body due to a lack of pressure.

However, in this life, under the pressure of being stranded on a deserted island and carrying the burden of revenge, Xiao Heng spontaneously began cultivation the day after obtaining the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique" technique.

The difference between the two scenarios was significant.

As for the small "Immortal Revival Organization," and whether it would attract the attention of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance...

When Li Fan disguised himself as a skull, he had already explained to Xiao Heng that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was powerful, and the organization's main focus was on developing and strengthening its own forces.

Before reaching the Nascent Soul realm, it was advisable not to directly confront the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Even if Xiao Heng was a genius, it would take several years for him to reach the Nascent Soul stage. Li Fan might not even live long enough to witness it.

...

In summary, the seeds had been planted. Now, all that was left was to patiently wait for the prodigies of Immortal Revival Organization to grow, and then Li Fan could reap the rewards.

After being busy for a total of two months, Li Fan returned to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island. The tenth year after the anchor point had arrived.

Although the "Mountain Meditation Technique" allowed him to passively receive benefits, Li Fan was not the type to rely entirely on others for everything. He didn't neglect his own cultivation.

Throughout the tenth year, Li Fan diligently spent his time in seclusion.

The Tianxuan Mirror's enlightenment didn't stop for a moment. This one year was equivalent to twenty years of ordinary cultivation.

Then, on a certain day, a substantial feedback of cultivation suddenly appeared in Li Fan's dantian, awakening him from his cultivation.

The amount of cultivation feedback was equivalent to three or four years of his usual efforts.

Unexpectedly, the first substantial feedback came not from the prodigies in the separated world but from He Zhenghao!

Just now, he had successfully advanced from the mid-Foundation Establishment to the late Foundation Establishment stage.

"Fellow Daoist He has accumulated quite a bit and has broken through so quickly."

"It seems that his statement about achieving the Golden Core stage within fifty years wasn't an empty boast."

At this moment, Li Fan also received the good news sent by He Zhenghao.

Li Fan waived the interest He Zhenghao owed him this year as encouragement, urging him to continue working hard and strive for Golden Core as soon as possible.

Then, he checked the messages he missed during the closed-door cultivation.

Zhang Zhiliang's research on the Mountain and River Formation was nearing completion. He sent a message, inquiring about Li Fan's self-study progress in the Formation Dao.

Upon his return, there would be an assessment of Li Fan's proficiency.

This, naturally, did not worry Li Fan, who had previously studied formations under Zhang Zhiliang for more than ten years in his previous life.

Among the other unimportant greeting messages, one from Jiang Zhengji of the Martial Hall caught Li Fan's interest.

He asked if Li Fan had recently seen a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

It seemed like a mass message, but Li Fan recognized the Foundation Establishment cultivator Jiang Zhengji was referring to. It was the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster who had been smuggled in from a Land of Immortal Extinction.

Li Fan inquired further from Jiang Zhengji and learned what had happened.

Recently, this Foundation Establishment Grandmaster, who had been relatively low-key, suddenly intensified his promotional efforts. With slogans like guaranteed success in Foundation Establishment and a ninety percent reduction in the time needed, he attracted many late-stage Qi Condensation cultivators who were preparing for Foundation Establishment.

They still had considerable trust in this Foundation Establishment Grandmaster. After contributing their points, they began to cultivate on the spot under the careful guidance of the master.

However, when they woke up from the Foundation Establishment process, whether successful or not, they angrily discovered that the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster, who had been guiding them all along, was actually just an illusion.

The real Foundation Establishment Grandmaster had long since vanished.

The cultivators realized they had been deceived. According to later statistics, at least more than a hundred cultivators had gathered on the island at that time. Two thousand contribution points were not a small amount, even for a late-stage Qi Condensation cultivator.

Feeling disgruntled and disregarding their pride, they chose to report to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance didn't take such a small matter seriously, but they still had to perform their due diligence.

Therefore, the Martial Hall ordered Jiang Zhengji to thoroughly investigate the case.

When Jiang Zhengji arrived at the scene to investigate, it was already empty, and he couldn't find anything.

Moreover, these people seemed quite skillful.

Even when Jiang Zhengji sought the help of the Heavenly Secrets Hall's Elder Gongsun to deduce their whereabouts, he couldn't find a trace.

If a mission couldn't be completed, merits would be deducted, and permission levels would be reduced.

Helplessly, Jiang Zhengji had to try his luck and sent a mass message to his friends, asking if anyone had seen the trace of the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster.

...

After understanding the ins and outs of the matter, Li Fan, with interest, stroked his chin.

"According to the normal trajectory, they should have been quietly running a scam, accumulating contribution points slowly."

"Why would they go for something big and then just run away?"

"Could it be that they also speculated on Spirit Mist Grass?"

Li Fan couldn't help but think of this possibility.

Thinking about it, there was indeed a certain possibility.

After all, during the twelfth life, they were not far from exchanging for the "Sea Swallowing Eternal Life Technique."

Taking a risk might allow them to complete the mission fifty years ahead of schedule.

Li Fan could even imagine that when Spirit Mist Grass initially surged, they might have been tempted, but their opinions on using decades of savings to speculate might not have been unanimous.

However, as the price of Spirit Mist Grass continued to rise, opposing opinions would weaken.

Finally, after hesitating and finally agreeing to enter, intending to make a profit and leave at an opportune time, the Tianxuan Mirror caused a stir, and the price of Spirit Mist Grass collapsed.

They were left empty-handed.

"Perhaps they didn't use all their savings, but the losses were definitely heavy. That's why they took the risk, planning to make a quick profit and run."

"One hundred people, that's two hundred thousand contribution points. This scam is far faster than investing."

After some thought, Li Fan replied to Jiang Zhengji, "If possible, friend, you can search along the way towards Yongliang Province. There might be results."

After a while, Jiang Zhengji replied, "Fellow Daoist, do you mean they went to seek refuge with the Five Elders Association? Hmph, betraying the alliance is a grave crime. If I catch them..."

"Regardless, thank you, fellow Daoist!"

Li Fan politely said a few more words and put away the communication token, pondering quietly.

He wasn't particularly concerned about the Foundation Establishment Grandmaster's early escape.

What Li Fan was really concerned about was that the impact of the Spirit Mist Grass incident seemed to exceed his expectations.

He had vaguely felt that he had missed something previously.

Now, after this incident, Li Fan finally understood what he had overlooked.

Li Fan searched for the prices of spiritual plants and herbs in the Tianxuan Mirror.

As expected, there was an aura of despair everywhere, and the situation was unbearable.

Many even fell below their cost of production.

"In the twelfth life, the collapse of prices was caused by the first batch of mature spiritual plants from the Wood Attribute Subworld being sold on a large scale in the thirteenth year."

"But in this life, due to the announcement of the Tianxuan Mirror, all the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance know in advance about the abundant spiritual plants in that subworld."

"The price drop was foreseeable. In order to sell the herbs in their hands quickly, cultivators squeezed each other, leading to the early collapse of spiritual plant prices."

"However, that's not the main point."

"The main point is..."

"The Minor Medicine King Cauldrons."

Recalling the culprit that had once caused his demise, a glint of light flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

"The collapse of herb prices naturally means that no one will buy the small cauldron used for planting herbs."

"No one will commission Jiao Xiuyuan. Will he still go to the Medicine King Sect's ruins to dig out the Minor Medicine King Cauldrons?"

"At this point, the Minor Medicine King Cauldron is worthless."

"However, once the real Medicine King's Cauldron returns, it will become a treasure that everyone competes for."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 213: Tai Yan Transmutation Dao Stone


"Moreover, the number of Minor Medicine King Cauldrons seems to be more than just two."

"If my strength is insufficient, the Minor Medicine King Cauldron is not a stroke of luck; it's more like a death sentence."

"But it would be a waste to leave such a treasure to rot away underground until it is picked up by someone else."

"Perhaps, using this as a means, I can stir up some trouble. If I can also figure out the secret behind the returning Medicine King Cauldron, that would be even better."

Li Fan's thoughts surged.

"But before that, let's have Jiao Xiuyuan take action and dig up the Minor Medicine King Cauldron."

"Speaking of which, how much did Jiao Xiuyuan lose? Why hasn't he replied to me yet?"

"The Thousand Mile Hall still hasn't opened for business."

Li Fan felt a bit helpless and had to use his clone to send another message to Jiao Xiuyuan.

Unexpectedly, this time Jiao Xiuyuan replied quickly, his tone somewhat innocent.

"What? I didn't reply to you? How is that possible!"

"I recovered from my injuries a long time ago! But there's a small problem, and the Thousand Mile Hall won't be able to open for business temporarily."

Li Fan was a bit speechless, "Take a look at your message history yourself."

After a moment, Jiao Xiuyuan quickly apologized, "Ah, my mistake! I really didn't notice! But you can't blame me. Right now, I have a thousand things on my mind, a thousand things!"

Li Fan jokingly said, "I thought you lost too much and just ran away."

"Hehe, friend, you're joking. Business is my Dao. How could I easily give up? But the situation is special now. With my current strength, manipulating thousands of puppets is a bit challenging. To avoid making poor business decisions and causing even greater losses, I had to temporarily close some less important shops."

Jiao Xiuyuan's words were somewhat intermittent as if he was stuttering.

Li Fan couldn't help but ask, "Could it be that there's a problem with your cultivation technique? I wonder if you can share?"

"Hehe, there's nothing to hide. Fellow Daoist, you are my partner, and last time, because of me, you lost a lot of money. I feel a bit guilty." Jiao Xiuyuan was quite polite.

"You know that the cultivation technique I practice is called the 'Ten Thousand Puppets Dao.' I can control thousands of puppets to purchase goods, collect information, and negotiate business deals, reducing the cost of running Thousand Mile Hall to the extreme."

"But a person's mental capacity has limits. Handling two or three things at once is barely manageable. However, wanting to flexibly control tens of thousands of puppets is beyond my capabilities."

Jiao Xiuyuan spoke slowly and paused.

Li Fan interjected, "So, how did you ensure that so many puppets operated normally before?"

"I did indeed split my mind to operate them, but not through a cultivation technique; it was by using an ancient technique!" Jiao Xiuyuan explained with some pride. "Back then, to find this ancient technique, I scoured through half of the cultivation world."

"An ancient technique?" Li Fan's eyes narrowed, and he couldn't help but ask.

Seeing that Li Fan seemed to be very interested in this, Jiao Xiuyuan directly asked, "Do you know the ancient Tai Yan Sect?"

"Tai Yan Sect?" Li Fan was slightly stunned and couldn't help but think of the tomb of Yi Xing buried underground in Grand Xuan.

Yi Xing was an outer disciple of the Tai Yan Sect.

He also pretended to be a descendant of the Tai Yan Sect in front of Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi, deceiving them into helping him repair the Tai Yan Boat.

Unexpectedly, the multitasking technique he sought was related to the Tai Yan Sect all along?

Seeing Li Fan hesitate and not reply, Jiao Xiuyuan thought Li Fan might not be familiar with it, so he briefly introduced, "This Tai Yan Sect, in the ancient times, was renowned for its divination and calculation techniques."

"Their sect's foundational cultivation technique, 'Nine Scrolls of Divination,' is extraordinarily profound and powerful. When cultivated to perfection, it's said to be able to predict everything and everyone in the world a thousand years into the future."

"Hehe. Of course, my ancient technique has nothing to do with this 'Nine Volumes of Divination.'"

Jiao Xiuyuan's words suddenly took a turn, and Li Fan's breath paused.

"But this ancient technique is something that every disciple of Tai Yan Sect must learn." Jiao Xiuyuan explained.

"Oh?"

"Fellow Daoist, think about it. In this world, everyone and everything is constantly influencing each other."

"One change leads to a hundred changes, a hundred changes lead to ten thousand changes. The world is so vast."

"The number of variables is truly unimaginable."

"Even for a Dao Integration cultivator, it's impossible to systematically comprehend all these variables."

"And the number of variables grasped is closely related to the accuracy of deductions."

"So, every disciple of Tai Yan Sect spends their entire life aspiring to improve their ability to master variables."

Jiao Xiuyuan spoke eloquently.

"This ability, in simple terms, is a cultivator's calculation ability. Some extraordinarily talented cultivators have exceptional calculation skills. Despite the complexity, in their eyes, all variables and each of their interactions are orderly and crystal clear."

"But such cultivators are very rare. Even in the ancient Tai Yan Sect, they were extremely scarce."

"So how did ordinary disciples of Tai Yan Sect enhance their calculation abilities?"

Jiao Xiuyuan paused.

Li Fan cooperatively asked, "Is this where your ancient technique comes in?"

"Exactly!" Jiao Xiuyuan excitedly revealed the mystery.

"If you are not born with this ability yourself, you might as well use external assistance!"

"This technique is called the 'Divine Transformation Dao.'"

"In ancient times, within Tai Yan Sect, there was a treasure called the 'Dao Transformation Stone.'"

"Light flows on the surface of the Dao Transformation Stone, and there seem to be countless worlds appearing and disappearing within this light."

"But in reality, the birth and destruction of these worlds are not just illusions."

"Instead, they are the results spontaneously deduced and calculated by the Dao Transformation Stone. Although temporary, they are not false."

"This 'Divine Transformation Dao' technique involves using a secret method to merge one's consciousness with the Dao Transformation Stone."

"By doing so, one can utilize the terrifying calculation abilities of the Dao Transformation Stone to peer into fate and explore causality."

Jiao Xiuyuan's tone became more fluent.

"In ancient times, almost every Tai Yan Sect disciple had a Dao Transformation Stone. They were separated from the largest one called the 'Mother Dao Transformation Stone.'"

"The higher the quality of the Dao Transformation Stone, the stronger its calculation abilities."

"The reason I could easily control these thousands of puppets before was because of the Dao Transformation Stone and the 'Divine Transformation Dao.'"

"And now, the small trouble I encountered is also related to the Dao Transformation Stone."

"The price collapse of Lingwu Grass last time caused me significant losses. With thousands of puppets simultaneously under extreme mental duress, my lower-quality Dao Transformation Stone couldn't withstand the pressure and directly cracked, losing its calculation function."

Jiao Xiuyuan mentioned the sad past, sighing.

"To smoothly control these thousands of puppets again, I need to find a new Dao Transformation Stone."

"It's a rare item and highly sought after."

"When the great calamity came, Tai Yan Sect perished, and the Mother Dao Transformation Stone disappeared without a trace. Now, after so long, trying to find a new Dao Transformation Stone is like searching for a needle in a haystack."

"But recently, I've got some information. If everything goes well, I believe I won't be far from resuming operations."

Jiao Xiuyuan's tone became enthusiastic again.

"The Dao Transformation Stone, Divine Transformation Dao."

Li Fan pondered for a moment and then asked tentatively, "Tai Yan Sect has been destroyed for thousands of years. Why does it seem like you know so much about various secrets of the Tai Yan Sect? Could it be that you are a descendant of the Tai Yan Sect?"

"Fellow Daoist, don't joke. I am certainly not a descendant of Tai Yan Sect. The reason I know these secrets is that I happened to dig up the grave of a Tai Yan Sect disciple..."

Upon hearing this, Li Fan fell silent.

The two of them fell into an eerie silence for a while.

"Haha, fellow Daoist, don't misunderstand. Digging graves is just something I occasionally do. The source of my goods at Thousand Mile Hall is clean, and only a small portion comes from graves."

"Hehe, fellow Daoist, rest assured. I'm not very scrupulous about this matter. My belief is that regardless of the origin, as long as it's useful, it's fine," Li Fan said.

"Tsk tsk, what you said is in line with my beliefs, fellow Daoist!" Jiao Xiuyuan became excited again.

Li Fan recalled his original intention of contacting Jiao Xiuyuan and continued, "Speaking of this, I have a matter that I'd like to ask for your help, fellow Daoist."

Jiao Xiuyuan immediately said, "Fellow Daoist, feel free to speak. If it's within my ability, I will definitely help."

"Fellow Daoist, you should be familiar with the ancient Medicine King Sect, right? Today, when I was researching ancient texts, I found that the disciples of the Medicine King Sect used a kind of small cauldron to cultivate various spiritual plants and herbs."

"This small cauldron has its own space and can generate wood attribute spiritual energy, accelerating the growth of herbs."

"I happen to need this kind of small cauldron to cultivate a rare herb."

"But it seems that the ruins of the Medicine King Sect are quite dangerous, so I would like to trouble fellow Daoist to go there and find these cauldrons for me."

"Of course, the reward will definitely not be lacking. Although we are like-minded and get along well, business is business, and we can't be lax," Li Fan smiled and said slowly.

Jiao Xiuyuan agreed enthusiastically, "Fellow Daoist, you said it well. Business is business. Just because of your words, consider this task already accepted! Small cauldrons, right? These are not particularly cherished items and should not be difficult to find."

"Fellow Daoist, just wait for my good news."

"In that case, I'll trouble fellow Daoist Jiao," Li Fan thanked in advance.

After exchanging a few more pleasantries, without mentioning the Dao Transformation Stone and the Divine Transformation Dao, Li Fan ended the conversation.

"The tomb of a Tai Yan Sect disciple, Dao Transformation Stone..."

In the Tianxuan Mirror, scenes of when he was still an ordinary official leading a group to explore Yi Xing's tomb flashed in Li Fan's mind.

"At that time, as a mortal, I didn't pay much attention."

"Now that I think about it, it seems that there was another world inside Yi Xing's tomb."

"The spiritual energy in the Land of Immortal Extinction was severed, but inside that tomb, there were mountains and a sea of clouds that had not dissipated for thousands of years."

"Obviously, it was not a mortal mechanism; it should be some kind of formation."

Li Fan suddenly stood up.

"If that's the case, I'll go back to Grand Xuan!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 214: The Reverse Calamity Heaven Locked Treasure Box


Grand Xuan.

According to the location in his memory, Li Fan returned to Yi Xing's tomb and easily broke the mechanism guarding the tomb without much effort.

He casually set up a formation to prevent others from accidentally intruding.

After many years, Li Fan entered Yi Xing's tomb once again.

Through the long tomb passage, he arrived at the deep part of the tomb.

Above his head, pearls sparkled like stars, and beneath his feet, a sea of clouds spread out over towering peaks.

At a glance, he could see traces of a formation.

"This formation can actually endure for thousands of years in the absence of spiritual energy?" Li Fan couldn't help but be amazed and carefully examined it.

Before long, he understood the reason.

"Using pearls as stars."

"Using the soil from various famous mountains in Grand Xuan as peaks."

"Substituting reality for illusion, minimizing the consumption of the formation to the greatest extent."

"And this unknown formation completely abandons functions like attack and defense. Its only purpose is..."

"Illusion..."

In Li Fan's perception, the source of spiritual energy supporting the operation of the formation was the grass hut woven from golden threads where Yi Xing's spiritual position was located.

Li Fa flew to the mountaintop, found the node of the formation, and stepped on it.

"Break!"

The peaks shattered like bubbles, dissipating instantly.

A black hole appeared beneath the golden-threaded grass hut.

Li Fa followed this newly revealed passage and arrived beneath the illusion formation.

Here lay Yi Xing's true tomb.

The tomb was decorated like an ordinary study.

In front of a vermilion table lay a skeleton.

Beside it, a dim candle flame still flickered weakly.

On the table, around the skeleton, and even on the floor of the entire study, there were scattered papers covered in mysterious symbols.

Li Fan picked up one and looked at it for a while, but couldn't decipher what Yi Xing had written during his lifetime.

He casually collected all these papers and searched for a while.

To Li Fan's disappointment, he didn't find the Dao Transformation Stone.

Apart from Yi Xing's skeleton and the papers scattered throughout the room, there was nothing else.

"Could it be that this still isn't the real tomb?"

"Although Yi Xing was just an outer disciple, he was once responsible for the migration of ordinary people. His status shouldn't be too low."

"It shouldn't be so shabby."

Li Fan, unwilling to give up, carefully searched the place inside and out once again.

But the result remained unchanged.

After pondering for a moment, he collected the table, the candle on the table, and Yi Xing's skeleton in one go.

To avoid overlooking anything, Li Fan simply activated the Cong Yun Sword and thoroughly destroyed the entire room with brute force.

The vast power of the Cong Yun Sword exposed the geological structure around the study.

To Li Fan's disappointment, this was indeed the bottommost layer of the tomb.

Going further down, there was only rock and soil.

"It seems that the trip was in vain." Li Fan shook his head helplessly.

He came full of expectations but returned defeated.

After returning to the Xuanhuang Realm, Li Fan cremated Yi Xing's bones and scattered them to the wind.

He then returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

"If there is anything left behind, it should be among the remaining three items."

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan, under the pretext of selling assets, handed over the table, the candle, and one of the papers to the Tianxuan Mirror for identification.

The first two were ordinary items.

The silver fir mahogany table and a whale oil long-lasting candle added up to only thirty contribution points.

But the papers covered in strange symbols were not ordinary paper.

"Heaven Locked Treasure Box (Incomplete), one contribution point."

Li Fan's eyes flashed. "Indeed, there really is something else."

Instead of choosing to sell it, Li Fan searched for information about the Heaven Locked Treasure Box.

As the name suggests, the Heaven Locked Treasure Box is a storage box sealed in a special way.

Only by completing the decryption set by the owner can the storage box be opened.

But even after knowing that there was a secret inside, Li Fan was at a loss when faced with the tens of thousands of papers full of strange symbols.

Fortunately, Li Fan was not alone.

The Immortal Alliance is undoubtedly vast, and someone must know.

As usual, Li Fan started searching for keywords in the Tianxuan Mirror.

After excluding countless unrelated pieces of information one by one, Li Fan searched for a long time and finally found a clue in an article introducing various activities ancient cultivators engaged in during their leisure time.

"Reverse calamity?"

Li Fan's spirit shook, and he began to read carefully.

The article explained that in ancient times, some cultivators believed that the world developed from order to disorder.

From the initial "Origin," to the duality of Yin and Yang, to the five elements of heaven and earth, and finally to all things in the world.

Order was lost, and chaos accumulated.

Eventually, chaos would completely overwhelm order, destroying everything and returning the heavens and earth to chaos.

This is the "calamity."

And a reverse calamity game is a game that requires reversing chaos into order.

This game requires high demands on a cultivator's spiritual awareness and computational abilities.

It was popular among sects specializing in formations and divination.

It sounds complicated but is actually easy to understand.

Taking the tens of thousands of papers Li Fan found in Yi Xing's tomb as an example: these papers originally had a fixed order.

All Li Fan had to do was to rearrange these papers that had been chaotically shuffled and restore them to their original order.

It should be simple...

Thinking so, Li Fan took out all the papers from his storage ring, ready to give it a try.

But immediately, he realized that something was wrong, and his face turned black.

It was anything but simple!

"There are a total of..." With a sweep of his spiritual awareness, Li Fan's expression became increasingly unsightly.

"49,999 papers."

"If there are no other clues, and I simply attempt each possibility..."

Just thinking about it, Li Fan felt dizzy.

"Even if I do nothing else in my life, I won't be able to crack it!"

Li Fan picked up one paper and observed the content written on it.

"The seemingly meaningless symbols on this paper should be clues."

"Unfortunately, it's equivalent to a pre-determined encryption key, only known to the person involved."

"Perhaps it was a common code among the disciples of the Tai Yan Sect back in the day?"

Unable to discern anything, Li Fan felt somewhat helpless.

"I wonder if the Dao Transformation Stone that Jiao Xiuyuan found at that time was also encrypted like this?"

Li Fan couldn't help but think about asking for help with a clone.

However, right after that, he had a flash of insight and temporarily gave up on the idea.

"...It's just a password with more digits."

"I can't do it, but this one surely can."

Li Fan cleared his throat, smiled, and asked the Tianxuan Mirror if it provides decryption services.

The Tianxuan Mirror remained silent for a moment and then gave an affirmative answer.

However, the cost would be charged according to the difficulty of decryption.

After inquiring, Li Fan learned that it would be at most twenty to thirty thousand contribution points.

With his ample resources, Li Fan boldly entrusted the Tianxuan Mirror to proceed with the decryption.

Even if he knew there was a secret inside, faced with tens of thousands of papers covered in strange symbols, Li Fan was at a loss.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 215: Life’s End


A faint light swept through, and the over forty thousand sheets of paper floated in the air in an instant.

Inside the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan felt that these papers before him seemed to move slightly.

After a moment, a thick "book" appeared in front of Li Fan.

"Decryption complete, required contribution points deducted: 28,000 points."

"So fast!" Li Fan couldn't help but marvel.

Just now, the scene of the pages flying was definitely not an illusion.

It moved at a speed beyond Li Fan's perception limit, making it impossible to see the trajectory of the papers' movement.

"Times have changed! Yi Xing!"

"In the past, without knowing the key, would be impossible for ordinary cultivators to open the Heaven Locked Treasure Box you left behind."

"But now, everyone can use the Tianxuan Mirror. This encrypted treasure box is defenseless in front of the Tianxuan Mirror!"

"The Tianxuan Mirror is indeed a treasure!"

Li Fan sighed inwardly and opened the Heaven Locked Treasure Box that was no longer restricted.

Inside were only two things.

A jade slip and a crystal stone emitting a deep blue light.

The blue light, like breathing, flickered gently.

Looking closely, countless scenes seemed to unfold inside the stone.

"This is the Dao Transformation Stone!"

Although it took some twists and turns, Li Fan joyfully took the Dao Transformation Stone into his hands.

"I wonder what quality the Dao Transformation Stone left by Yi Xing is."

Once again, he had the Tianxuan Mirror act as the appraiser.

"Dao Transformation Stone (Low Grade), can be converted to 150,000 contribution points."

The Tianxuan Mirror, ever reliable, quickly displayed the result.

Li Fan decisively chose to reject the sale and pondered in his heart.

"Although it's low-grade, it should be enough for me at the moment. This small piece of stone is actually more valuable than a Nascent Soul cultivation technique."

"No, Jiao Xiuyuan said that this Dao Transformation Stone is basically priceless. 150,000 is just the theoretical purchase price of the Tianxuan Mirror."

"Trying to buy it at the same price is simply wishful thinking."

Li Fan searched within the Tianxuan Mirror.

As expected, many cultivators posted messages seeking to buy Dao Transformation Stones.

The proposed trade conditions were not just contribution points, but also various rare treasures of equal value.

"This can be considered the most valuable thing I own at the moment."

Li Fan happily stored the Dao Transformation Stone and began to read the jade slip left by Yi Xing.

The jade slip didn't contain any profound techniques.

It was mostly Yi Xing's musings and reflections before his death.

From his words, Li Fan also learned a lot about Yi Xing's life as a disciple of the Tai Yan Sect during the Great Migration era many years ago.

At that time, under the influence of the rule that cultivation techniques couldn't be practiced together, there were extremely brutal incidents of fratricide in many sects within the cultivation world.

Some thousand-year-old immortal sects even perished overnight because of this.

The Tai Yan Sect was no exception.

However, most Tai Yan Sect disciples preferred the arts of divination and calculation and were not keen on fighting and killing.

Internal conflicts were quickly suppressed by the Tai Yan Sect's sect master, Zuo Qiushang.

Although this kind of peace was destined not to last, it still maintained for a while.

Just as this short-lived peace was about to disappear, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma erupted.

The restriction of not practicing different cultivation techniques only meant that cultivation realms stagnated.

But being infected by the Immortal-Mortal Miasma meant certain death.

Everyone in the cultivation world knew which was more serious.

So, they no longer cared about internal conflicts.

Instead, they turned their heads to deal with the Immortal-Mortal Miasma.

The history during this period was consistent with what Li Fan knew before.

First, there was a rampant slaughter of mortals, and then, after noticing that something was wrong, the urgent slaughter of mortals was promptly stopped.

Following that was the notorious "Great Migration Plan."

All people below the Qi Condensation stage had to be forcibly moved to nearby subworlds and pocket dimensions.

At that time, Yi Xing was already in the later stage of Qi Condensation.

However, he volunteered to be in charge of the migration of mortals for the Tai Yan Sect and the surrounding areas.

In his musings, Yi Xing admitted that although the outbreak of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma forcibly halted the process of cultivators killing each other, it was foreseeable that a true era of slaughter and darkness would come soon.

At that time, as a mere Qi Condensation cultivator, he would definitely be one of the first to be slaughtered.

So, he might as well take advantage of this opportunity to escape with mortals to nearby small worlds.

With the prestige of an immortal, he could command the masses and create a foundation in this small world.

Then, he could discard his cultivation technique to ensure peace.

Perhaps, he could live longer than staying forcibly in the cultivation world.

So, in this desolate little world, Yi Xing established a mortal dynasty.

Knowing that his chances of immortality were slim, Yi Xing, upon becoming emperor, mobilized the people to build a tomb for himself.

Moreover, while his cultivation was still intact, he set up an illusion array inside the tomb, concealing his true burial site.

As time passed, the spiritual energy within his body completely disappeared, turning him into an ordinary mortal.

He began to reminisce about his days in the Tai Yan Sect.

When Yi Xing was about to die of old age, he came alone to his tomb, sealing the burial chamber.

Then he stored the Dao Transformation Stone, hoping that in the future, a disciple of the Tai Yan Sect might accidentally come to this realm and take the Dao Transformation Stone back to the sect.

...

"I didn't expect Yi Xing to have such a past."

"This person is quite wise, making the right choice. He withdrew in time and successfully escaped the dark age."

"However, there were probably quite a few cultivators who chose to escape back then."

"The capable, like Medicine King Sect's Liu Ruchen, directly tore through the void and escaped the Xuanhuang Realm."

"Those like Yi Xing settled for second best and fled to nearby small worlds."

Li Fan also recalled the farce of the small worlds counterattacking the cultivation world that He Zhenghao mentioned, which happened five hundred years ago.

"Perhaps, there are some influences left by the escaping cultivators from that time..."

After indulging in his thoughts for a moment, Li Fan put away the jade slip and slowly retracted his scattered thoughts.

"The Dao Transformation Stone is in hand, but how should I use it? Yi Xing didn't leave behind the secrets of 'Divine Transformation Dao.'"

Out of cautiousness, Li Fan didn't ask Jiao Xiuyuan and instead continued searching in the Tianxuan Mirror.

As expected, although it was an ancient technique, the key to this technique was the Dao Transformation Stone, not the technique itself.

Without the Dao Transformation Stone, the 'Divine Transformation Dao' was completely useless.

Furthermore, the methods of using the Dao Transformation Stone had developed over the years in the cultivation world, and were not limited to just the 'Divine Transformation Dao.'

Moreover, with no restrictions on multiple practitioners of these techniques, the price naturally wasn't that high.

Li Fan spent only 30,000 contribution points, equivalent to the price of a Golden Core technique.

After signing a confidentiality contract, he learned the technique.

"Witness the divine, merge with calculation."

"Unite with objects, and embody the 'Divine Transformation Dao.'"

Li Fan placed the deep blue Dao Transformation Stone on his forehead.

Activating the technique, he slowly began cultivating.

The fusion of spiritual consciousness and the Dao Transformation Stone was a slow process.

Time passed quietly as Li Fan practiced the technique.

In the blink of an eye, it was the 11th year, the time for the opening of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Although Li Fan was now wealthy, he didn't want to waste the 100,000 contribution points of the "Cloud Water Map" task.

So, Li Fan used his clone to visit the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

First, he faced Qin Tang's test.

However, the main body's will was inevitably distracted by cultivation, making it not as perfect as when Li Fan dealt with it wholeheartedly.

But relying on a pot of good wine, he managed to turn the tide.

Again, among the test-takers, he ranked first.

This time, Qin Tang didn't teach the 'Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art.' Instead, he imparted a Golden Core-level cultivation technique called 'Canghai Wave Treading.'

Although Li Fan was a bit regretful, there was nothing he could do.

This clone only had Qi Condensation cultivation, so obtaining a Golden Core technique was already quite generous of Qin Tang.

After chatting with Qin Tang for a while, he freed himself from the illusion.

Avoiding other cultivators, Li Fan went straight to the Taiyi Hall.

The clone didn't have the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit, so it took quite some effort to pass through the sword forest in front of the Taiyi Hall.

"Disciple Fan Lin of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace's Law Transmission Hall seeks an audience with Patriarch Taiyi!"

While practicing the recently learned 'Canghai Wave Treading,' the clone shouted.

The bizarre monster woke up from its slumber.

It was still a bit confused, but the aura of Qin Tang's personally transmitted technique couldn't be faked.

After Taiyi observed for a while, he handed over the colorfully lit Cloud Water Map to Li Fan.

After obtaining the "Cloud Water Map," to avoid unnecessary trouble, the clone hastily returned to the Tianxuan Mirror and chose to complete the task.

The Tianxuan Mirror's response was identical to that of the 12th life.

"Unable to verify the authenticity of the 'Cloud Water Map,' please wait."

After a prolonged silence, the voice of the Tianxuan Mirror echoed again.

"The task issuer... requests to visit your space, do you accept?"

Li Fan naturally chose to agree.

After a moment, the white-haired old man, the Heavenly Doctor, appeared in front of Li Fan with a benevolent face.

After a respectful greeting, Li Fan handed over the colorful model.

The Heavenly Doctor took the Cloud Water Map, carefully observed it, and sighed with emotion.

After a long time, he asked, "How is the situation inside the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace now?"

Li Fan truthfully answered each question.

Upon hearing this, a strange expression appeared in the Heavenly Doctor's cloudy eyes.

He fell into another long silence.

According to the experience of the 12th life, the Heavenly Doctor would likely assign another errand.

He would ask Li Fan to place a white jade statue in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

This white jade statue would, in five years, attract the Master with the blue ox-drawn carriage.

After a fierce battle, the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace would be sealed again.

The Heavenly Doctor remained silent for a long time, seemingly lost in memories.

Li Fan had no choice but to wait patiently.

However, at this moment, the development took an entirely unexpected turn, far beyond Li Fan's anticipation.

Suddenly, after a long silence, the Heavenly Doctor lifted his head and stared at Li Fan.

With a strange expression, he asked, "Young friend, what are you expecting?"

Li Fan's mind trembled because he shockingly discovered that his body seemed completely uncontrollable.

His mouth opened and closed, revealing all the secrets hidden in his heart without reservation!

"I'm waiting for you to assign me another task, and let me go to the Cloud Water..."

The voice stuttered and sounded peculiar as if controlled like a puppet.

It was somewhat ridiculous and somewhat eerie.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan's main body woke up from cultivation.

Taking decisive action, he directly activated the "Sun Stealing Technique," sacrificing the clone's life.

"...Heavenly Palace, place the jade statue inside..."

The clone's words were interrupted midway, and its life force visibly declined.

The words were abruptly cut off, and it seemed on the verge of death.

The white-haired old man revealed a faintly mocking smile.

He lightly pointed a finger into the air.

Although the clone's body was almost dead, it was forcibly saved in an instant.

"... As a reward, you will give me a copy of the 'Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra'..."

The clone managed to finish speaking amidst life and death.

Then it completely turned into ashes.

Seeing the answer, the Heavenly Doctor showed a momentary surprise, then smiled with understanding.

"Good!"

At the moment when the clone died completely, the feeling of danger in Li Fan's heart had not disappeared.

Without hesitation, he immediately recited in his mind.

"Tr..."

In the space of the Tianxuan Mirror where he was located, it seemed as if a rift had been forcibly torn open.

In the crack, the figure of the Heavenly Doctor was vaguely visible.

"uth..."

The command for [Truth] had already been shouted, but the surrounding scene did not instantly turn into nothingness as before.

It seemed as if he had fallen into a quagmire, or as if the connection had been severed.

The Heavenly Doctor's gaze had already penetrated through the crack and landed on Li Fan.

At this moment, after two years since entering the cultivation world.

The accumulated charging progress of [Truth] plummeted instantly.

The inexplicable hindrance disappeared.

The surrounding scenes became illusory again, and Li Fan's consciousness plunged into darkness.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 216: Patience in Dealing with the Past


A mountain peak gradually appeared before Li Fan's eyes.

The automatic protection from [Truth] allowed Li Fan to break free from the Heavenly Doctor's gaze, successfully returning to the anchor point.

The illusory scene turned real again, and Li Fan quickly scanned his surroundings, confirming that he had returned to the third anchor point.

He couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief.

Moments later, the fear brought by the near-death experience under the white-haired old man came belatedly.

It descended into his heart, making his heart beat violently.

Like someone who had been drowning for a long time and finally surfaced, Li Fan breathed uncontrollably.

After a while, he slowly emerged from the fear of escaping from disaster.

"Heavenly Doctor, above Dao Integration..."

Replaying the recent scene in his mind, Li Fan's face darkened.

He never expected the strength of this "Heavenly Doctor" to be so terrifying.

It far surpassed the black-robed cultivator in the Yuandao Province.

The Heavenly Doctor seemed to be able to see through the thoughts in a person's heart.

At that moment, a thought had momentarily flashed through the mind of the clone, and he had sensed the anomaly.

Even more terrifying was that, by some unknown method, he made the clone completely reveal everything in his heart without resistance or concealment.

After saving the clone from the brink of death, he instantly tore through space and found Li Fan's main body.

All these methods far exceeded Li Fan's current understanding.

"Under the Sun Stealing Technique, my main body and the clone can be considered two unrelated individuals."

"How did he determine my identity?"

"When joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the Tianxuan Mirror also claimed that practicing in the mirror space was completely safe from all attacks."

"But this Heavenly Doctor was able to forcibly intrude into my cultivation space, and the Tianxuan Mirror showed no response."

"When introducing him, the Tianxuan Mirror didn't even mention his name."

"Who is this old man?"

The more Li Fan thought about it, the more unbelievable it seemed.

At the same time, waves of fear surged in his heart.

If he hadn't been cautious, understanding the terrifying strength of this old man and always interacting with him through the clone.

If he hadn't noticed something was wrong and immediately activated [Truth] without hesitation.

If [Truth] hadn't accumulated some recharge progress, automatically protecting him.

He might have met his end this time.

In the hands of this mysterious and unpredictable old man, any secret would be difficult to keep, ultimately leading to an unavoidable death.

"The cultivation world is indeed too dangerous. Even with an extraordinary treasure like [Truth], I'm still treading on thin ice. One slight mistake could lead to complete disaster." Li Fan couldn't help but shudder.

In addition to the shock, Li Fan also engaged in self-reflection.

Since he entered the cultivation world, with the help of [Truth], his cultivation path had been relatively smooth.

The last time he escaped from the hands of the Dao Integration cultivator even made Li Fan somewhat complacent.

Thinking carefully, those powerful beings who have survived the times of the Great Calamity, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, and the dark ages of cultivation that followed.

How could they be simple characters?

With the secret of [Truth] in his possession, it was fine as long as he didn't attract the attention of those high-level cultivators.

If he had a low cultivation level and recklessly appeared before them without knowing the immensity of the heavens and earth, it would indeed be seeking death.

"From now on, I need to be more cautious." Li Fan sighed.

"I can't be greedy for the 100,000 contribution points of the 'Cloud Water Map.'"

After a deep reflection and summarization, when his thoughts calmed down a bit, Li Fan suddenly remembered the "Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra" he had previously received.

As a medical book, its research subjects included not only humans but also various animals and plants in the world.

The book once said that the essence of medicine lies in the four words "observe, listen, ask, and touch."

"Observe: detected the abnormality in the clone's heart."

"Ask: got an honest confession from the clone."

"Touch: raised from the dead with a pointed finger."

"Listen: instantly discovered the relationship between the main body and the clone."

"What a remarkable principle, to 'observe, listen, ask, and touch.'"

"What an amazing Heavenly Doctor."

...

The Heavenly Doctor allowed Li Fan to deeply understand for the first time the terror of those high-level cultivators in the Xuanhuang Realm.

However, having recognized the gap, he did not lose confidence.

"With [Truth] in hand, as long as I don't die, accumulating strength through repeated reincarnations, there will come a day when I catch up with and surpass them."

Li Fan silently said in his heart, suppressing all thoughts about the Heavenly Doctor deep down.

He looked at the options given by [Truth].

When he set the third anchor point, his realm was in the late Foundation Establishment stage.

Since he only lived for a little over two years in the previous life and was abruptly halted, he didn't break through, so Li Fan naturally wouldn't choose to save his cultivation progress.

He decisively chose the first option, keeping a personal item he possessed, the Dao Transformation Stone.

After making his choice, Li Fan first checked the interface of [Truth], which he hadn't looked at for a long time.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Late Foundation Establishment

Physical Age: 20/399

Mental Age: 1212/3700

Virtualization Recharging Progress: 0%

Anchor Charging Progress: 1%

Current Anchor Points: 3

Available Anchor Points: 0

Bound Items: "Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra," Tai Yan Boat, Stone Tablet of Prohibition (Damaged), Blood Essence of Ten Thousand People, Dao Transformation Stone

Cultivation Techniques: Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra, Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art, Sun Stealing Technique, Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra, Spirit Intent Illusion Technique

Divine Abilities: Life and Death Chain, Formless Killing Intent, Insect Binding Technique

The physical and mental age limits have stagnated.

"After breaking through to the Golden Core stage, there should be significant changes."

Anyway, for the current Li Fan, more than two thousand years of reincarnation time is definitely sufficient.

In addition to the several cultivation techniques listed, Li Fan also mastered many more.

The Cong Yun Sea Sword and the Canghai Wave Treading Technique.

The Mountain Meditation Technique, an internal cultivation method.

Two ancient techniques, the Divine Transformation Dao and the Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique.

And finally, the Infinite Formation inheritance from Zhang Zhiliang.

The perverse nature of [Truth] was apparent at this moment.

Excluding the ninety-nine lifetimes of using [Truth] to build the foundation, Li Fan has only reincarnated four times in the actual cultivation world until now.

Four cycles of reincarnation have made Li Fan's accumulation far surpass any Foundation Establishment cultivator.

...

"While waiting for [Truth] to charge completely, I can practice the Divine Transformation Dao."

Thinking like this, Li Fan's consciousness moved, and the deep blue Dao Transformation Stone appeared in his hand.

After arranging the surroundings near the mountain to prevent ordinary people from accidentally entering, Li Fan placed the Dao Transformation Stone on his forehead. His spiritual consciousness slowly merged with the Dao Transformation Stone, entering a state of cultivation.

On the timeless mountain, in the blink of an eye, five years had passed since the anchor point.

On this day, as Li Fan's spiritual consciousness completely merged with the Dao Transformation Stone, a dazzling blue crystal appeared in his dantian.

Thoughts circulated, and he carefully sensed the changes.

After a moment, Li Fan quickly noticed the difference from before.

He couldn't help but show a pleased expression: "Ancient techniques are indeed extraordinary!"

After cultivating the 'Divine Transformation Dao,' not only did the speed of contemplation and deduction increase more than a hundredfold, but all the scenes he had experienced before could be freely recalled with just a thought.

It was as if he was reliving those experiences firsthand.

Li Fan squinted his eyes. When he first met the Heavenly Doctor, the Heavenly Doctor pointed between his eyebrows and imparted the 'Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra' to the clone.

At this moment, under the powerful deductive processing ability of the Dao Transformation Stone, it was slowly replaying.

It took nearly a year for Li Fan to completely memorize the 'Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra.'

Of course, memorization didn't mean proficient application.

Similarly to Li Fan's level of formation theory and the actual proficiency in setting up formations, there was a huge gap.

"It's just a pure medical scripture and doesn't provide much help for cultivation." Li Fan shook his head with some regret.

"The technique of 'observe, listen, ask, and touch' in the book is far from the methods of the Heavenly Doctor."

"However..."

"The Heavenly Doctor seems to practice the Dao of medicine. This 'Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra' must be the foundation of his lifelong learning."

"If one day, I find an extraordinary talent and impart this medical scripture to them."

"It might not be impossible to emulate the story of the Heavenly Doctor."

"Of course, it certainly can't be done in the Xuanhuang Realm; perhaps in a remote little world far from the cultivation world, it's worth a try."

Temporarily putting the thought aside, Li Fan suddenly remembered the deduction technique of the Tai Yan Sect.

The deduction technique of the Tianji Sect's 'Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra,' when cultivated deeply, could also predict the future.

However, it was done through sensing qi fluctuations and deducing.

The deduction technique of the Tai Yan Sect, on the other hand, pushed the deductive ability to the extreme, exhausting all possibilities to find the most fitting future trend.

"In fact, these two deduction techniques might not necessarily be contradictory."

"On the contrary, they can complement each other. Qi sensing deduction determines the general vague trend. Tai Yan calculation precisely predicts the future."

"Hehe, but still, none of them can compare to my [Truth]."

"What deduction technique can be more accurate than knowledge from the future, personally experienced?"

Li Fan, feeling inspired, descended from the mountain.

In the Grand Xuan, in the Jiangnan region, in the city of Kangguang.

Recently, an unusual event occurred in this prosperous city.

A peculiar person named the Heavenly Prophet traveled through the city, setting up a stall to tell fortunes.

He only told three fortunes per day.

Also, he didn't charge any fees; he just selected people to divine for.

Initially, the residents of the city thought that this Heavenly Prophet was just a gimmicky scam artist.

Because the divination results were accurate or not randomly.

However, as time passed, the success rate of this Heavenly Prophet's divinations became increasingly high.

Whether it was finding lost items, determining the whereabouts of missing children, or inquiring about marriage prospects and the gender of unborn children.

Everything was accurate.

Gradually, the name of this Heavenly Prophet became more and more renowned in the city of Kangguang.

People of all ages, men and women, held great respect for him.

One day, a nobleman came to Kangguang City for sightseeing. Upon hearing about this, he became interested.

Disguised in plain clothes and accompanied by a trusted aide, he came to the Heavenly Prophet's stall.

Seeing the Heavenly Prophet lying on a long chair, resting with closed eyes, the nobleman asked, "Esteemed Daoist, have you finished divining for today?" The nobleman had already inquired about the rules before coming.

Without opening his eyes, the Heavenly Prophet lazily replied, "You're clearly asking something you already know. If the divination is complete, I would naturally pack up and go home. Why would I stay here?"

The nobleman felt a bit awkward at the response.

However, the aide, seeing his master slighted, became furious.

He didn't care about the reputation of the "Heavenly Prophet" and was about to smash the stall.

The nobleman reached out, stopping his aide, and said, 'So be it, Daoist, please divine for me.'

The Heavenly Prophet, still with closed eyes, replied, 'This humble Daoist had already foreseen that you two would come. I've already divined for you in advance.'

'In the small wooden box at the upper left corner of the stall, there is a piece of paper. You'll understand once you take a look.'

Hearing this, the aide was disdainful, scoffing, 'Playing tricks!'

The nobleman, however, had a solemn expression and thanked the Heavenly Prophet.

After opening the wooden box and taking out the paper, he unfolded it slowly.

As soon as he read the words on the paper, his face turned deathly pale.

A mix of shock, fear, and joy filled his heart, causing his hands to go weak, and the paper slipped to the ground.

Seeing this, the nobleman, disregarding manners, quickly stooped down to pick up the paper.

He tightly clutched it in his hand, fearing that others might see it.

His body trembled with excitement, and he repeated the sixteen large characters on the paper in his mind.

'Nine years of hibernation, waiting for the opportune moment. On the day of your brother's death, become an emperor.'

Observing his master's unexpected reaction, the aide couldn't help but feel perplexed.

Since the tragic events of that day, there had been few things that could disturb his master.

Could it be that this Heavenly Prophet indeed possessed some extraordinary abilities?

It's just that no one knew what the Heavenly Prophet had written on the small piece of paper for his master.

The nobleman didn't pay attention to his aide's thoughts.

Taking a deep breath to calm his excitement, he was about to bow respectfully to the Heavenly Prophet.

However, to his astonishment, the Heavenly Prophet, who had been there just a moment ago, had suddenly disappeared before his eyes!

Both the nobleman and his aide were horrified.

Could there really be ghosts and deities in this world?

Both returned to their residence, overwhelmed and confused, and retired to their respective rooms.

The aide, however, unexpectedly discovered a piece of paper in his pocket at some point.

Curiosity getting the better of him, he opened the paper.

Seeing the writing on the paper, he couldn't help but look bewildered.

Two poetic lines were written on it.

'Peaceful times are what victorious generals bring, but victorious generals are not allowed to see peaceful times.'

Muttering repeatedly, he instinctively tore the paper into pieces and swallowed it.

...

Above the city of Kangguang, seeing the reactions of the nobleman and his aide, a mysterious smile appeared on Li Fan's face.

"Before, I heard your dying words, and as a result, I had an insight, successfully building the foundation with [Truth]."

"Now, I've divined for you as a repayment for that day."

"I hope that in this life, your fate will be different."

The two individuals who were divined today were naturally the King of Langya and the future general who would quell the rebellion.

Li Fan, disguised as the Heavenly Prophet, roamed around, comprehending the path of divination.

After settling down in Kangguang City, his divination skills became increasingly refined.

By chance, he encountered the King of Langya and his aide, leading to the events of today.

Casual and unrestrained, resolving a cause and effect.

Li Fan's thoughts were clear, and his mood was pleasant.

No longer lingering here, he returned to the mountain.

In an instant, scenes from this period flashed through his mind. Li Fan developed his own understanding of the so-called divination technique.

"My spiritual consciousness enveloped everything in Kangguang City."

"With the terrifying deductive ability of the Dao Transformation Stone, every detail was within my sight."

"For the city's affairs alone, with all causes and details accounted for, I can predict about eighty to ninety percent accurately."

"However, the world is not confined to just one city. Kangguang City is located at the intersection of canals, with developed shipping."

"Merchants come and go in endless streams, with more than tens of thousands entering and leaving every day."

"These are what are called variables."

"The more variables, the lower the accuracy of my deductions."

"Besides external influences, the human heart is unpredictable, which is also a kind of variable."

"As the number of people and the scope of the city expand, the variables to deal with also increase."

"At this point, relying solely on deductive ability is almost ineffective."

"It still requires the support of a divination technique."

Having realized this truth, Li Fan had no intention of actively seeking a divination technique.

In essence, this art of divination was just a casual attempt by Li Fan during the waiting period for [Truth] to recharge, a result of boredom.

It's not necessary to force it.

The most important thing is the improvement of cultivation realm.

Li Fan silently set a goal in his heart: In this life, he must break through to the Golden Core stage!...

As time passed, in the blink of an eye, it was approaching the 9th year.

With [Truth] about to complete its recharge, Li Fan made another trip to Yi Xing's grave and obtained the Heaven Locked Treasure Box.

He didn't forget to take along the Stone Tablet of Prohibition and fuse it with the piece from Qian Hong's grave.

Subsequently, after the usual sweep, he filled the Tai Yan Boat.

With everything ready, Li Fan broke through the Immortal Extinction Formation and returned to the cultivation world.

Li Fan felt the layout and planning from the previous life was mostly problem-free until the encounter with the Heavenly Doctor.

Furthermore, the starting cultivation level in this life was the same as the previous one.

Considering that changing actions might lead to unexpected variables, Li Fan decided to follow the previous life's events.

He slaughtered the giant Liuli Fish, and obtained the Golden Liuli Pearl, ensuring the occurrence of the Spirit Mist Grass incident.

He then joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance through He Zhenghao.

He performed the Blue Blood Coral mission and befriended Chen Ying with the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit as bait.

He killed Sikong Yi and obtained the Sun Stealing Token.

He intimidated He Zhenghao, making him temporarily halt the smuggling operation.

Borrowed Spirit Mist Grass at Clear Wind Hall.

Joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance as an employee, successfully passing the Inquiry Platform with the help of the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart.

Completed merit tasks, and raised permission level.

In the turmoil of the Spirit Mist Grass, profited without risk.

Utilized Zhou Qingang's espionage incident, threatened He Zhenghao, and signed a work contract.

Relearned the 'Mountain Meditation Technique', and purchased the pre-expedition realm.

He caused Ye Feipeng, Xiao Heng, and others to be stranded on a deserted island.

Commissioned Jiao Xiuyuan to find the Minor Medicine King Cauldrons.

...

Simply going through the previous life's process took only a year or two.

Li Fan was very patient.

However, with the experience of the previous life, Li Fan made some adjustments to the handling of a few things.

Firstly, during the Spirit Mist Grass incident, he clearly knew the timing of when Tianxuan Mirror would release the announcement.

However, to avoid suspicion, Li Fan cautiously waited until the price of Spirit Mist Grass reached three hundred and fifty points before selling all two thousand nine hundred plants in batches.

A total profit of 980,000 contribution points was made.

Secondly, in this life, when Li Fan was creating the clone, he used a Heavenly Treasure that he had purchased.

The clone's cultivation suddenly advanced to the Foundation Establishment mid-stage.

Afterwards, instead of himself, the clone purchased the White Bone pre-expedition realm and played the role of the skull to deceive Xiao Heng and others.

Moreover, Li Fan vividly described the might of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, advised Xiao Heng to prioritize cultivating, and instructed him to pretend to be an ordinary cultivator with a fortuitous encounter.

He refrained from purchasing techniques from Tianxuan Mirror this time to prevent any unforeseen situations.

Xiao Heng received the 'Sea Fixing Sword Technique,' and Ye Feipeng received 'Canghai Wave Treading.'

It would take some time for Su Xiaomei and Su Changyu to cultivate.

As long as an ownerless technique was found before then, it would be fine.

Li Fan and his clone separately could go to Qin Tang to receive techniques and solve the issue.

However, considering the possibility of needing a large number of techniques in the future, Li Fan thought it was necessary to find a stable channel outside the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for purchasing techniques.

After some thought, Li Fan's clone contacted Jiao Xiuyuan.

Soon, there was a reply.

"Uh, fellow Daoist wants to buy Golden Core techniques? Why not buy from Tianxuan Mirror? Could it be that you haven't found a suitable one?"

"Hehe, I don't have any techniques for sale here; such a big deal is beyond my ability."

"But if fellow Daoist really has a demand, I know a place that can satisfy your requirements."

"Have you heard of the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce?"

Li Fan was slightly stunned; a very similar name instantly came to mind.

"This Wanfa Chamber of Commerce, is it related to the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce?" Li Fan asked.

"That's right. In fact, Wanhua Chamber of Commerce is the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce; it's just that it's specifically responsible for mortal business, so it adopted a different name," Jiao Xiuyuan replied.

"Wanfa Chamber of Commerce..." Li Fan couldn't help but recall that just before the arrival of the Crimson Flame, the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce had received a notice to completely withdraw from the Congyun Sea.

"This Wanfa Chamber of Commerce is quite interesting."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 217: Great Divides


"Fellow Daoist Jiao, I wonder about the background of this Wanfa Chamber of Commerce. 'Wanfa,' such grandiosity! Could it be that this Chamber of Commerce truly possesses over ten thousand techniques?" Li Fan asked immediately. [1]

"When it comes to the origin of the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce, we have to go back to the period right after the Great Calamity, before a new order was established," Jiao Xiuyuan explained to Li Fan.

"Usually, this period is referred to as the Desolate Age."

"At that time, the number of cultivators had dropped to its lowest point. The survivors of the calamity were true lone wanderers. Isolated and alone, apart from themselves, they wouldn't trust anyone else."

"Cultivators sought refuge in the wilderness, exploring ruins, and searching for opportunities."

"An individual's energy was limited, and sometimes they couldn't practice extra techniques they found. At that point, they naturally thought of using techniques to exchange for other useful items with fellow cultivators."

"But in that era, the trust among cultivators had almost approached zero. To successfully trade, an intermediary that everyone trusted was undoubtedly indispensable."

"The Wanfa Chamber of Commerce was one of these former intermediaries. It's also the only organization that could survive even after the establishment of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association. During the Desolate Age, cultivators were scarce, but techniques were abundant. Often, a single cultivator would own several techniques acquired through robbery or fortuitous encounters."

"The Wanfa Chamber of Commerce, during that time, amassed an unimaginable number of techniques. This is why it could stand tall for thousands of years and still exist today."

Jiao Xiuyuan slowly explained the origin of the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce.

Li Fan, upon hearing this, couldn't help but ask, "Does that mean there's a powerful expert at the Longevity Immortal realm or above behind this Wanfa Chamber of Commerce? An ordinary Dao Integration cultivator probably couldn't safeguard so many techniques."

Jiao Xiuyuan nodded, "The majority of cultivators also think the same. Now, both the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association tacitly acknowledge the existence of the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce. If it can make these two behemoths make concessions, the cultivator behind it is undoubtedly formidable. However, the true identity of this powerhouse is far beyond the knowledge of small figures like us."

Li Fan casually praised, "Fellow Daoist's Thousand Mile Hall spans the entire cultivation world; you can't be considered a small figure."

He then inquired with some confusion, "According to what fellow Daoist said, the business of this Wanfa Chamber of Commerce has been recognized by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Why have I never seen them on the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's premises? Even for the Wanhua Chamber of Commerce, which deals with mortal affairs, I've only seen them walking around, never their stores."

"Hehe, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association have their own independent trading systems. They wouldn't allow the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce to enter and compete for business. Although the current Wanfa Chamber of Commerce has gained recognition from these two giants, its scale is not as large as before. It can only survive in the gaps," Jiao Xiuyuan smiled.

"The Wanfa Chamber of Commerce is now active only in the border areas between the territories of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association. These places are chaotic, with weak control from both sides and a large number of wandering cultivators. In these regions, neutral organizations like the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce are favored."

"Moreover, both the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association have various special products within their respective territories. Although there is official trade between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association in non-conflict years, the important strategic resources are generally not included in the exchange catalog."

"And these resources have significant demand. Therefore, passing them through the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce as an 'intermediary' becomes a solution."

"Of course, the prices are naturally much higher. Sometimes they are several times higher; it's normal."

"For example, on the Five Elders Association's side, there is a kind of elixir called the 'Dao Enlightenment Elixir.' It is said to be a secret inheritance of an ancient sect. After consumption, it can increase the affinity of one's own body to Dao laws, significantly reducing the difficulty of comprehending the Dao and improving the cultivation speed."

Li Fan was stunned, "Isn't that similar to the enlightenment effect of the Tianxuan Mirror?"

"Exactly. What's even more incredible is that the effect of the Dao Enlightenment Elixir can perfectly complement the Tianxuan Mirror's enlightenment. Enlightenment improves one's own comprehension, while the Dao Enlightenment Elixir reduces the difficulty of understanding the Dao. When combined, their synergy makes cultivation astonishingly fast," Jiao Xiuyuan praised with a click of his tongue.

"Within the alliance, many have coveted the Dao Enlightenment Elixir for a long time. However, despite trying various methods, they couldn't crack the formula. So, every year, they can only introduce a limited quantity through the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce."

"The Dao Enlightenment Elixir, on the side of the Five Elders Association, reportedly costs only fifty low-grade spirit stones per pill, which is equivalent to our fifty contribution points. It's practically given away for free. However, at the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce, due to the scarcity of supply and high demand, the price skyrockets tenfold, reaching around five hundred contribution points per pill."

"Even so, countless cultivators are willing to buy it. There's no way around it; this stuff is just too effective!" Jiao Xiuyuan sighed.

Li Fan's clone pondered for a moment and tentatively asked, "I've heard from a Golden Core cultivator before about the existence of the Fallen Immortal Realm and pre-expedition realms. It seems that anonymous transactions can take place in a pre-expedition realm. Can't cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association do that?"

Jiao Xiuyuan was somewhat surprised. "You even know about the existence of the pre-expedition realms, fellow Daoist?"

After thinking for a moment, he explained in a hushed tone, "In the past, doing so was not a problem. However, later on, such convenient and secretive trading methods gave rise to a lot of speculation, profiteering, and malicious activities. This caused the prices of goods in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association to spiral out of control. Spies took advantage of the situation, stealing a large amount of classified information through these transactions."

"Subsequently, two powerful figures from both sides simultaneously made a move, creating two 'Great Divides' respectively."

"Since then, cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association can no longer communicate through a pre-expedition realm. If a cultivator from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance wants to enter the pre-expedition realm located in the territory of the Five Elders Association, their divine sense will be obstructed by the two 'Great Divides.' The same applies on the other side."

Li Fan nodded slowly.

"I understand. So, if I want to purchase techniques through the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce, I'll have to go there in person?"

"Yes. The nearest stronghold of the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce is located in the Jiushan Province, near Yongliang Province," Jiao Xiuyuan advised, "Jiushan Province is not very peaceful. If fellow Daoist really intends to go, you can coordinate with other Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators and make arrangements together."

"It would be good to have mutual support on the way."

"Thanks for the guidance, fellow Daoist. The journey is long, and the risks are a bit high. I'll think about it some more!" Li Fan responded.

Meanwhile, Li Fan's main body searched for information within the Tianxuan Mirror on the journey from the Cong Yun Sea to the Jiushan Province. As expected, there were many cultivators recruiting teammates for the journey.

*****

[1] The literal meaning of 'Wanfa' is something like "Ten Thousand Laws" or "Ten Thousand Daos"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 218: Discussing Martial Dao While Seated


However, these recruitment messages only mentioned companionship on the journey to Jiushan Province.

The specific purpose was left vague.

It was clear they assumed everyone understood without the need for explicit details.

"It's only the tenth year; there's no rush," Li Fan pondered to himself.

"I'll wait until the 11th year when the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace opens. I'll see if my clone can obtain another technique from Qin Tang."

"Then, I'll send my clone on a trip."

Having made a decision, Li Fan temporarily set this matter aside.

He turned to Jiang Zhengji of the Martial Hall and inquired about improving practical combat skills.

The reason for doing so was not just to enhance his own combat abilities.

More importantly, Li Fan wanted to defeat Zhang Qianmo of the Purple Heaven Sect in the Fallen Immortal Realm as soon as possible, to see if he could go elsewhere afterward.

Li Fan found that he was trapped in Ningyuan City in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

During this lifetime, he had entered the Fallen Immortal Realm three times in succession.

The entry point remained the same each time.

It was just before Zhang Qianmo went to Ningyuan City to collect the Longevity Fruits.

To break free from this situation, Li Fan attempted three different approaches.

The first time, he followed the "plot" and feigned death first.

Then, taking advantage of Zhang Qianmo and others' big battle, he sneaked out of Ningyuan City unnoticed.

Unfortunately, he didn't fly far before Zhang Qianmo caught up to him.

Under the cries of "Evil demon," he was ultimately killed by a purple thunderbolt.

The second time, Li Fan directly turned the tables. He secretly communicated with Song Hesong and collaborated to attack Zhang Qianmo.

Zhang Qianmo was seriously injured, but Li Fan and the others were helpless against the purple energy in his body.

After his rebirth, Zhang Qianmo's strength greatly increased, and he effortlessly killed Li Fan and the others one by one.

The third time, Li Fan simply found an excuse, saying he didn't want to go to Ningyuan City and wanted to return to the sect.

Unexpectedly, Zhang Qianmo's expression changed immediately, and without saying a word, he attacked.

They fought for a long time, eventually ending in defeat for Li Fan.

Time and time again, it was frustrating.

But he indeed was not Zhang Qianmo's opponent.

In the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, means to improve a cultivator's combat effectiveness were strictly limited.

Even with Li Fan's current permission level of Ten, he still hadn't found any useful results.

So, Li Fan could only try and ask Jiang Zhengji.

His response was as expected: "The Martial Hall's various combat techniques are under control and cannot be passed on."

"I'm sorry; I can't help with this favor."

Originally, it was just a casual question, and Li Fan didn't have high hopes. Li Fan still politely thanked him.

Whether out of caution or curiosity, after a while, Jiang Zhengji sent another message: "What does fellow Daoist want to improve his combat skills for? From what I know, fellow Daoist is just a formation master, right? Could it be that there's some enemy?"

Li Fan's heart skipped a beat, but he wasn't flustered. He said, "No, there's no enemy. It's just that I often spar with a fellow Daoist but always end up losing. It's just a matter of being unsatisfied mentally."

"In fact, I don't even necessarily need to improve my practical combat skills. I just want to defeat him once."

After a while, Jiang Zhengji replied, "Hehe, so that's the case. Everyone has a competitive spirit. I understand."

"If fellow Daoist wants to improve practical combat skills, I can't help with that favor. However, if you want to defeat an opponent, I do have an idea."

Li Fan's spirit shook, "Fellow Daoist, please speak!"

“We, the Martial Hall, have applied for a functional zone in the Tianxuan Realm named 'Discussing Dao While Seated'.”

"Utilizing the powerful calculation ability of the Tianxuan Mirror, by inputting the realms, techniques, divine abilities, and secret techniques of both parties in advance, we can simulate the combat process between the two."

"There's no need to input the specific content of techniques, only descriptions of the performance during battle."

"Based on the described strengths and weaknesses, the Tianxuan Mirror will generate Virtual Dao Discussants of varying strengths."

"After creating your own Dao Discussant, you can not only spar with it by simulating yourself but also engage in mutual battles with Dao Discussants of other cultivators."

"This is what we call discussing dao while seated."

"Of course, the Tianxuan Mirror will also, based on actual circumstances, make strength adjustments to the created Dao Discussants. Exaggerations like effortlessly tearing open space with a casual move are not feasible."

Li Fan, upon hearing this, suddenly became interested.

Unable to resist, he asked, "Is this function exclusive to your Martial Hall? If I want to use it, what can I do?"

Jiang Zhengji immediately replied, "Hehe, although it's generally not open to outsiders, if invited by internal personnel, outsiders can also use it."

As he spoke, he sent over a black-and-white icon.

Two figures sat on the left and right.

In the middle was the ancient character for "Dao."

Li Fan probed it with his spiritual consciousness.

He then received a prompt from the Tianxuan Mirror.

"Discuss Dao While Seated has been loaded. Inviter: Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Jiang Zhengji."

"Cultivator Li Fan, you have activated the Discuss Dao While Seated function."

"You are given one free opportunity to create a Dao Discussant and three chances for mutual battles."

"In the future, you can check and use the Discuss Dao While Seated function at any time."

...

Li Fan was keenly aware of the word "free" and quickly understood the trick.

However, with his current wealth, he didn't care about the contribution point cost.

Silently, he opened Discuss Dao While Seated and took a look.

In an instant, many pieces of information appeared before his eyes.

"(Dao Integration Realm) Senior Sister Zhao, the world's number one! With one person and one sword, she suppresses a Great Dao Sect, undefeated throughout the ages! If you don't agree, come and fight!"

"(Nascent Soul Realm) Middle-aged Heavenly Desolate Emperor, invincible in the world. Already on a thirty-three-game winning streak, welcome fellow cultivators to come and challenge!"

"(Nascent Soul Realm) Middle-aged Heavenly Leaf Emperor, unparalleled in mind and body, possessing a sacred physique. Not inferior to the Heavenly Desolate Emperor!"

"(Soul Transformation Realm) The peak of immortals, pride of the world, Lan An! As a newly created Dao Discussant, one word: invincible!"

"(Dao Integration Realm) Immortal Emperor Yu Lan, welcomes all real Dao Discussants to come and challenge. Please, Dao Discussants from various fictional novels, don't apply for battles, okay? What's the point of daydreaming all the time? I won't accept challenges."

...

Li Fan looked through these pieces of information one by one, revealing a strange expression.

It turned out that the majority of the Dao Discussants created by cultivators in this Discuss Dao While Seated were actually fictional characters from novels.

For example, he knew the Great Dao Sect's Senior Sister Zhao.

She was the protagonist of "Ancient History of Cultivation," a book he had read before.

This book, written in the first person, narrates how Senior Sister Zhao, starting as an outer disciple, went through various trials, step by step becoming an inner disciple, a core disciple, and finally, the sect master of the Great Dao Sect.

Unexpectedly, Senior Sister Zhao had gained considerable popularity.

On this Discuss Dao While Seated, with just a glance, there were dozens of cultivators choosing her as a prototype to create Dao Discussants.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 219: Heaven-Exterminating Great Dao Scripture


Li Fan, out of curiosity, inquired and learned that besides "Ancient History of Cultivation," Senior Sister Zhao had also appeared in many novels and scripts.

Most of these novels were derivative stories based on "Ancient History of Cultivation."

The thematic development of these stories was mostly centered around Senior Sister Zhao.

Many of the plotlines were quite indecent and unsuitable for detailed description.

In the Xuanhuang Realm, novels with female protagonists were already rare. Characters like Senior Sister Zhao, who combined unparalleled beauty with strength and high status, were even rarer.

Gaining a group of die-hard fans was, of course, quite normal.

Senior Sister Zhao's high popularity was not only due to her character but also because her character template was indeed exceptionally strong.

The Dao Discussants created based on her template had an astonishingly high win rate, leaving people astounded.

In Discussing Dao While Seated, participating in battles required contributions. However, the winning side would be refunded half of the contributions.

Therefore, besides having enough money, choosing a powerful Dao Discussant template was also crucial for those wanting to engage in continuous sparring matches.

Li Fan casually selected a battle featuring Senior Sister Zhao and started watching.

The surrounding scenery, along with his body, disappeared in an instant. Li Fan felt as if he had entered the cosmic void.

A female cultivator wearing Daoist robes, with a figure that couldn't be hidden despite the loose attire, stood silently in the distance.

Her eyes were like water, and her skin resembled white snow.

Her cold face seemed like an ancient, unchanging iceberg, radiating an aura that repelled people from miles away.

However, the subtle charm in her eyes made people's hearts itch and flutter with imagination.

Soon, an old man with a withered appearance, dressed in ragged clothes, appeared in this spatial area, ready to battle her.

"'Disrespectful Daoist'? I don't know his origin." Li Fan focused his gaze on the old man, and information suddenly appeared in his mind.

"Please!"

Both sides spoke simultaneously, and then the great battle began.

The battle of discussing Dao was only a simulation by the Tianxuan Mirror. It couldn't compare to the battles of real Dao Integration Realm experts, where each move carried profound Dao resonance. However, it allowed cultivators to gain insights simply by observing.

In this vast virtual space, visual effects like light, shadow, destruction, and vibration were taken to the extreme. Except for the lack of actual spiritual energy, it was almost impossible to distinguish between reality and illusion.

To prevent spectators from being confused, the Tianxuan Mirror provided thoughtful explanations for the techniques used by both sides.

"Disrespectful Daoist" wielded a bamboo staff, striking the void.

Suddenly, countless spatial rifts appeared around Senior Sister Zhao.

Dark godly lightning thundered out from the rifts, aiming to strike her simultaneously.

However, all the lightning lost its aggressiveness the moment it approached Senior Sister Zhao.

As if the fiercest tiger had turned into an obedient kitten.

The lightning surrounded her like a pampered concubine, gentle and obedient.

Senior Sister Zhao pointed a slender finger, and the dark light reversed, striking back at the Disrespectful Daoist.

The Disrespectful Daoist coldly snorted, scratched himself, and opened his mouth to swallow the divine lightning.

...

Through the Tianxuan Mirror's commentary, Li Fan learned what was happening.

The Disrespectful Daoist used Sky-Annihilating Divine Lightning for the attack.

It was easily countered by Senior Sister Zhao's Self Dao, a divine ability she gained after mastering the Heaven-Exterminating Great Dao Scripture.

With Self Dao, a special field formed around Senior Sister Zhao, assimilating all forms of enemy attacks into a part of her own strength.

"Self Dao... this is a bit tricky. How can this be fought?" Li Fan couldn't help but ponder.

The Disrespectful Daoist of an unknown origin displayed terrifying destructive power in each move and style.

However, no matter what, Senior Sister Zhao couldn't be harmed in any way.

Instead, each attack was perfectly replicated and rebounded.

Senior Sister Zhao stood still like a mountain, while Disrespectful Daoist became weaker with every exchange.

Not long after, Senior Sister Zhao seized an opportunity and effortlessly killed him with a move called Heaven-Slaying Sword Qi.

The surrounding scenes vanished, and Li Fan returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

"This Self Dao by Senior Sister Zhao is quite fascinating. However, Jiang Zhengji did mention the rules before."

"The Tianxuan Mirror will make actual adjustments to character templates, and strength exceeding reality won't be displayed during battles."

"But Senior Sister Zhao is completely unaffected..."

"Does that mean there really is a technique similar to Self Dao in reality?"

"Or..."

A strange expression flashed across Li Fan's face.

"Great Dao Sect, Senior Sister Zhao."

"The Five Elders Association, Dao Enlightenment Elixir."

"The first-person narrative in 'Ancient History of Cultivation.'"

"And the many derivative vulgar scripts circulating within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance..."

Li Fan's eyelids twitched a few times, and he began to have some speculations in his mind.

However, this matter involved the upper echelons of both sides, the top powerhouses.

Li Fan silently speculated for a while, then pushed this matter to the depths of his mind.

Turning his attention to more important matters, he created a Dao Discussant using Zhang Qianmo of the Purple Heaven Sect as a prototype.

"Foundation Establishment cultivation."

"Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique, a long halberd weapon..."

"After death, he can rebirth from the purple Golden Core within the body, and his strength soars, allowing him to easily slaughter Golden Core early stage cultivators."

...

Li Fan accurately restored the strength of Zhang Qianmo, with whom he had fought several times. At the same time, he gained some insights.

In Discussing Dao While Seated, it was possible to create the same Dao Discussants.

However, if one had only superficially read about a character in a book and only had a conceptual understanding of the character's strength without knowing the specifics, then the created Dao Discussant's strength would definitely fall far short of the character's true upper limit.

On the contrary, the better one understood the character's original template, the closer the created Dao Discussant would be to their actual strength.

After clashing with Zhang Qianmo several times, Li Fan believed that the Dao Discussant created based on his understanding was quite close to Zhang Qianmo's actual strength.

At the very least, it was not far from the combat power Zhang Qianmo had displayed so far.

Next, using himself as a blueprint, Li Fan spent a thousand contribution points to create another character.

He outlined the maximum power of his Cong Yun Sword and Heaven Overturning Palm, changed the techniques' names, and successfully created the character.

Li Fan tried to manipulate his two Dao Discussants for the first battle.

Unexpectedly, he received a prompt from the Tianxuan Mirror.

"After calculation, the win rate of Dao Discussant Fan Lin is approximately zero."

"Do you still want to initiate the battle?"

Li Fan's face turned black at the words and could only abandon the attempt.

After thinking for a while, he posted an extremely arrogant message.

"(Foundation Establishment Stage) Li Qianmo of the Azure Heaven Sect, invincible in the Foundation Establishment realm, desperately seeking defeat! If you don't agree, come and fight me!"

In Discussing Dao While Seated, there were relatively few Dao Discussants with Foundation Establishment cultivation.

Li Fan had to leave the challenge information there and wait for others to come and challenge him.

"I hope there's a method to defeat Zhang Qianmo that I can learn from."

With this thought, Li Fan temporarily exited Discussing Dao While Seated.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 220: Six Desires Without Form Technique


By creating a Dao Discussant and engaging in battles with others, Li Fan sought ways to defeat Zhang Qianmo.

This is just one of Li Fan's many attempts. Anyway, he's not short of contribution points now, so even if he fails, it wouldn't be a big deal.

"If it really doesn't work, I'll have to wait until I break through the Golden Core stage and directly capture him using the Insect Binding technique."

Li Fan thought silently.

Putting this matter aside for now, Li Fan took out a deep blue stone from his storage ring and gently stroked it.

It was the same Dao Transformation Stone he obtained from the Heaven Locked Treasure Box in his previous life.

Although he couldn't remember the unlocking method of the Heaven Locked Treasure Box in the previous life, with the help of the Tianxuan Mirror in this life, Li Fan, who had mastered the "Divine Transformation Dao," effortlessly memorized the correct sequence of the forty-nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine sheets of paper.

"If there is a next life, I won't need to trouble the Tianxuan Mirror. I can save some contribution points."

Li Fan probed the Dao Transformation Stone with his spiritual consciousness. In an instant, a faint blue light flickered.

Threads of energy flowed out from the Dao Transformation Stone and were absorbed by Li Fan's spiritual consciousness. The blue crystal in his dantian also seemed to become deeper.

"These two Dao Transformation Stones are originally one. Although they won't automatically merge like Heavenly Treasures, I can slowly absorb them into one with the secret method of 'Divine Transformation Dao.' Eventually, they will merge with the one in my dantian."

"Now, Dao Transformation Stones are hard to come by, and the one in my dantian is just a low-quality one. It's not particularly rare."

"However, with each reincarnation, I can have one more low-quality Dao Transformation Stone to absorb."

"Even if the effect of one or two stones is not great, what if there are hundreds or thousands?"

"Quantity can lead to a qualitative change."

"Even in the end, it's not impossible to restore the original 'Mother Dao Transformation Stone' of the Tai Yan Sect."

With these thoughts, an inexplicable color flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

"The only limitation is that my spiritual consciousness is still too weak at the moment. The absorption and transformation efficiency is too slow."

"Methods to strengthen the spiritual consciousness still don't show up in the Tianxuan Mirror."

"I still have to rely on the Fallen Immortal Realm."

The reason why Li Fan was anxious to change locations in the Fallen Immortal Realm was that when absorbing Li Chen's corpse, the effect of strengthening his spiritual consciousness seemed to only be effective once.

The several deaths afterwards did not strengthen Li Fan's spiritual consciousness.

"I can't be too hasty; I need to take it step by step." Li Fan sighed slightly.

With a multitasking approach, Li Fan simultaneously practiced the "Mountain Meditation Technique" and absorbed the Dao Transformation Stone.

Time passed quietly.

Soon, it was the day when the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace would open.

Li Fan's main body did not move and continued cultivating in the Tianxuan Mirror.

He simply let his clone go, receiving a Nascent Soul technique called "Six Desires Without Form" from Qin Tang.

It could stimulate the innate desires of joy, anger, grief, fear, love, and hatred, transforming them into six different divine abilities.

"As the chief of the Law Transmission Hall, Senior Brother Qin's treasures are truly inexhaustible."

"Now, Su Xiaomei also has a technique."

"Unfortunately, the Heavenly Doctor has taught me a lesson. I've already learned his Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art, and I dare not take advantage of others' weaknesses again."

"If that anomalous Senior Brother Qin perceives something amiss, I might be forced to use [Truth]."

Li Fan shook his head regretfully.

Thinking of Su Xiaomei and the others, his thoughts turned, and his perspective suddenly shifted to the deserted island.

He had long locked onto Ye Feipeng and Xiao Heng with the Formless Killing Intent.

At this moment, Li Fan found that over a year had passed, and Xiao Heng had already reached the mid Foundation Establishment stage.

It seemed that he was not far from breaking through to the late Foundation Establishment stage.

Ye Feipeng's cultivation progress was slightly slower. It seemed that he had just broken through to the mid Foundation Establishment stage, and his aura was still somewhat unstable.

At this time, the two were sparring.

Xiao Heng could already condense nineteen Sea Fixing Swords.

The blue water swords flew up and down like wandering dragons, roaring as they attacked Ye Feipeng.

Ye Feipeng was calm and not in a hurry. His figure seemed elusive, making it difficult to grasp.

Wind was generated under his feet, allowing him to easily evade the attacks of the water swords one by one.

With every step he took, a water blade would generate under his feet and silently fly toward Xiao Heng.

But each time it approached Xiao Heng, it was blocked by a water sword that suddenly appeared.

Ye Feipeng was not discouraged but continued to approach Xiao Heng.

Slowly, when he was only one foot away from Xiao Heng, a triumphant smile appeared on his face.

Suddenly, he realized that he was surrounded by nineteen Sea Fixing Swords without any knowledge!

No matter how good one's stance was, one could not escape!

Ye Feipeng decisively shouted, "I surrender!"

Xiao Heng smiled faintly, and the Sea Fixing Swords whizzed past, cutting off a strand of Ye Feipeng's hair.

"Fatty, you have to work harder. With the hair I've collected here, it's enough to weave you a dress!" Xiao Heng said with a smile.

"What's the point of being complacent? One day, I will beat you up thoroughly." Ye Feipeng snorted coldly, stepping back and leaving.

Arriving at the beach, Ye Feipeng contemplated silently, "If I stay on this deserted island to cultivate all the time, I will always be overshadowed by that kid."

"It's really an insult to a reborn person. I remember it was roughly the next year that Zhang Haobo suddenly rose to prominence. In just a year, he went from an ordinary person to a cultivator in the mid Foundation Establishment stage."

"Although I don't know what happened in between, it doesn't prevent me from intercepting him."

"Take advantage of his opportunities for myself."

"And the year after, the Tian Yang cave will open. Although that Tian Yang is actually a Soul Transformation puppet, as long as I slip away before it reveals its complete form, there shouldn't be a problem."

"However, it's a bit too much for me alone. I have to find a way to pull Xiao Heng over and let him block those guardian puppets for me. With my speed, I should be able to sweep through and leave safely."

Thinking like this, Ye Feipeng wrote down the names Zhang Haobo, Tian Yang, etc., on the beach, a look of expectation on his face.

Later, he used his foot to wipe away the handwriting.

...

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan smiled when he saw this scene.

"It turns out that he has the idea of snatching Zhang Haobo's opportunities. No matter, I've already made arrangements."

"Let's see if Ye Feipeng can attract the attention of the Cong Yun Sea in this life, and bear half of the Canghai Pearl."

Shifting his attention away from the deserted island, Li Fan checked the messages he had received in the meantime and couldn't help but feel a bit amused and helpless.

"This fellow Daoist, your Li Qianmo is really outrageous. Not only can he be resurrected, but his strength can also become stronger after resurrection? It's really absurd!"

"I have already reported to the Tianxuan Mirror; there must be something wrong. How can the combat power of a Foundation Establishment cultivator be so outrageous?"

"Can fellow Daoist reveal who the prototype of this Li Qianmo is? I am willing to buy this information from you for five hundred contribution points!"

...

These messages were sent by cultivators who had failed in battles against Zhang Qianmo.

Li Fan took a look at Zhang Qianmo's recent record.

Eight victories and one draw.

No need to say much about the victories; after his rebirth, he basically crushed his opponents.

But that draw was interesting.

The other side, although not strong in terms of strength, had a defense that was outstanding to an absurd level.

The body was surrounded by shields resembling turtle shells from all directions. No matter what techniques Zhang Qianmo used, he couldn't break through the defense.

Even when the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder struck the turtle shell, it only left a black mark.

As the cultivator chuckled, the black mark returned to its original state.

When Li Fan looked at the name of this cultivator, he was speechless.

"Exin Ren..." [1]

He immediately blocked this cultivator and permanently refused his battle requests.

After blacklisting him, Li Fan, feeling refreshed, suddenly received a communication prompt.

He opened it, and it turned out to be from Formation Master Zhang Zhiliang.

Finally, their group had more or less completed the research on the Mountain and River Formation.

Back at the Formation Hall.

Since joining, Li Fan had only met him once on that island.

This time, Zhang Zhiliang asked Li Fan to come to the Formation Hall to assess Li Fan's formation proficiency again and then, based on the results, arrange for subsequent work.

Li Fan didn't delay, changing into the black and yellow robe and arriving at the Formation Hall.

Zhang Zhiliang was already waiting.

In addition to Zhang Zhiliang, there was another unfamiliar Foundation Establishment cultivator.

It seemed that, like Li Fan, this person also held the position of a Formation Repairer.

After exchanging greetings with the two, Li Fan stood quietly on the side.

Zhang Zhiliang gestured for Li Fan to wait for a moment.

Afterwards, three more Foundation Establishment cultivators arrived one after another.

After the five people gathered, Zhang Zhiliang threw a testing ball to each of them, saying, "Test your formation proficiency first, let's see if you've been slacking off during this time."

Li Fan took the black sphere, skillfully injected a strand of spiritual consciousness into it, and began answering the questions.

They were all familiar questions, and Li Fan quickly completed the test.

The other four were still immersed in the testing ball at this time.

Zhang Zhiliang took back the small ball, looking satisfied, "Not bad."

When the other four completed the test, he frowned, saying to one of them, "Sun Ling, among the five of you, your results rank third, but I still have to dismiss you. Do you know why?"

The cultivator named Sun Ling turned pale immediately.

He opened his mouth as if wanting to defend himself.

In the end, he didn't say anything and answered with a bitter smile, "Junior understands. Junior has been negligent in studying formations during this time, and my proficiency is still at the level of three years ago..."

Zhang Zhiliang waved his hand, "Knowing is enough, you can leave!"

Sun Ling arched his hand, saluted, and left with a downcast expression.

Seeing this, the remaining four people all had serious expressions.

"Well, don't be nervous. You're all doing fine."

Zhang Zhiliang smiled and said, "Due to special reasons, I haven't taught you for a long time."

"Coincidentally, the guardian formation of Haitong Island was attacked recently, and it suffered severe damage and needs repair."

"You will accompany me to fix it. During this time, I can also explain the construction and repair of large-scale formations based on your performance."

The other three nodded in agreement.

Li Fan, on the other hand, had a thought and asked, "Master Zhang, I remember that Haitong Island is located near the northern border of Cong Yun Sea, close to the Yongliang Prefecture. How could it suddenly be attacked..."

"Could it be the work of the Five Elders' people?"

Zhang Zhiliang nodded, "It was indeed the work of a Nascent Soul cultivator from the Five Elders. But this matter is our fault, so we can only accept it."

Li Fan wondered, "Why are we at fault? What happened?"

Zhang Zhiliang looked somewhat helpless, "It's because of Jiang Zhengji from the Martial Hall."

"He said he was chasing a scammer all the way to Yongliang Prefecture."

"As a result, he didn't find the person but was discovered by the Five Elders' people."

"Jiang Zhengji and Du Xingchang, these two have quite impressive skills."

"The two of them teamed up and actually escaped from the encirclement and pursuit of a Nascent Soul and five or six Golden Core cultivators."

*****

[1] I assume Exin Ren means something, but I haven't been able to find anything on it besides it just being a name. Here's the raw characters, if anyone knows: 鄂鑫任

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 221: Heaven’s Eye Dharma Domain


Upon hearing this, Li Fan couldn't help but ask, "Junior has previously undertaken a mission with Jiang Zhengji. If I recall correctly, these two were only at the mid Golden Core stage. How could they escape from the pursuit of a Nascent Soul True Lord and so many Golden Core cultivators?"

Zhang Zhiliang squinted his eyes and explained slowly, "Although these two are only at the mid Golden Core stage, they share a deep understanding and seamless cooperation. They are highly proficient in combined attacks."

"Their Golden Core Dharma Bodies are named Floating White Snow and Lingering Frost Red Plum."

"Through mutual cooperation, they can create something similar to a Nascent Soul's Dharma Domain."

"When the two of them join forces, even ordinary Nascent Soul cultivators would find it difficult to match them."

Recalling the scenes of slaughtering the red-haired beasts on the island, Li Fan nodded involuntarily.

As if remembering something, Zhang Zhiliang's face revealed a hint of a smile. He continued, "These two insignificant Golden Core cultivators not only caused some chaos in the hinterland but also managed to escape unscathed. The Five Elders Association will certainly not let this slide and will seek retaliation."

"But they didn't dare to take on the responsibility of deploying Soul Transformation cultivators and initiating a war."

"So, they quietly sent a Nascent Soul cultivator to infiltrate the Cong Yun Sea and wreak havoc on Haitong Island."

"Hmph, the Five Elders Association is really petty."

Zhang Zhiliang sneered.

After saying this, he corrected his expression, "Let's go. Although their actions are a bit childish, the intervention of Nascent Soul cultivators has indeed caused considerable damage to Haitong Island."

"The island guardian formation structure has been completely destroyed, and even the teleportation formation is unusable. We need to fly from the nearby Youmen Island."

Led by Zhang Zhiliang, Li Fan and the others took nearly a day to reach the vicinity of Haitong Island.

The island's guardian had long received a notification and was waiting there.

"Greetings, Master Zhang!"

Perhaps because it was close to the Five Elders Association's territory, but the guardian of this island was unexpectedly a Golden Core cultivator.

He had a sturdy and robust appearance, but his complexion was pale, indicating that he had suffered some injuries.

"This is the guardian of Haitong Island, fellow Daoist Pei Tuo!" Zhang Zhiliang introduced him to Li Fan and the others.

"Fellow Daoist Pei Tuo is now at the peak of the Golden Core realm and is already one step into the Nascent Soul realm. In the recent attack by the Five Elders Association's Nascent Soul cultivator, if fellow Daoist Pei Tuo hadn't exerted his best efforts and activated the island guardian formation for defense, Haitong Island might have turned into ruins."

Pei Tuo waved his hand, somewhat embarrassed. "Pei Tuo is incompetent and cannot live up to Master Zhang's praise."

Zhang Zhiliang laughed heartily and did not force the issue.

"Fellow Daoist Pei Tuo, are the mortals on the island evacuated?" he then asked.

Pei Tuo nodded, "They have all been moved to other islands. Master can start the repair work anytime now."

Zhang Zhiliang glanced at the islands below and, after a moment, said, "The extent of the damage is worse than expected. Instead of repairing it slowly, it's better to rearrange it."

As he spoke, he made no apparent movements.

However, the sky above Haitong Island suddenly darkened.

Densely packed clouds appeared out of nowhere, and a giant eye emerged from the clouds.

It stared directly at Haitong Island below.

Although it didn't lock onto a specific target with its gaze, within the field of vision of this giant eye, Li Fan suddenly felt his spiritual energy stagnate, and his movements became difficult.

A sense of panic surged as if all his secrets were being exposed.

Fortunately, Li Fan's mental fortitude was outstanding, and he had faced top-tier experts like the Heavenly Doctor before.

Compared to that, the pressure of the Nascent Soul realm was just a small obstacle.

Li Fan quickly regained his composure.

However, to avoid drawing attention, he still pretended to shiver like the other Formation Repairers.

Fortunately, the giant eye in the sky did not last long.

A silver light flashed across the surface of Haitong Island.

In Li Fan's perception, the remaining formation structures above the island were all dissolving and disintegrating within this silver light.

In an instant, there were no more traces of formations on Haitong Island.

The sky returned to its serene state. Pei Tuo's eyes flashed with a hint of envy as he remarked, "Master Zhang's prowess with this Heaven's Eye Dharma Domain is becoming increasingly extraordinary."

This was Li Fan's first time witnessing Zhang Zhiliang employing his Dharma Domain. Compared to the Nascent Soul cultivator with a volcano Dharma Domain he had slain before, Zhang Zhiliang's Heaven's Eye Dharma Domain was clearly superior by more than one level.

"The formations on the island have all been removed by me. Next, follow me to rebuild the formations," Zhang Zhiliang said to Li Fan and the others.

"Now, our Cong Yun Sea's island guardian formation is the 'Heavenly Yuan Transformation Formation.' The outer formation consists of 367,800 nodes, with each node incorporating hundreds of formations."

"What you need to do this time is to reconstruct the external structure of the Heavenly Yuan Transformation Formation."

"As for the core internal formations, considering your level of formation mastery, it's too early for you guys. I'll handle the construction personally this time."

Zhang Zhiliang spoke and pointed towards the empty space ahead.

A light screen containing detailed diagrams of hundreds of formation structures unfolded in front of everyone.

"Li Fan, tell me, what basic formations are included in this diagram?" Zhang Zhiliang singled out Li Fan.

After a brief examination, Li Fan calmly answered, "Spirit Gathering Formation, Fixed Defense Formation, One Qi Formation..."

Satisfied with Li Fan's response, Zhang Zhiliang nodded.

He then proceeded to explain in detail the construction of each node to everyone.

Pei Tuo, avoiding suspicion, distanced himself from the area and remained vigilant in a defensive posture.

Three days and three nights passed before Zhang Zhiliang thoroughly explained the external nodes of the Heavenly Yuan Transformation Formation.

Although Li Fan didn't fully comprehend all of it, with the assistance of the [Divine Transformation Dao] technique, he had firmly memorized it in his mind.

"Master Zhang, I once happened to read in ancient texts about an ancient formation called the 'Life Transformation Grand Formation.' I wonder what connection it has with our Cong Yun Sea's 'Heavenly Yuan Transformation Formation'?" Li Fan took the opportunity to inquire.

Zhang Zhiliang was slightly surprised, not expecting Li Fan to ask such a question.

"You are quite knowledgeable to be aware of such obscure formations," Zhang Zhiliang praised and explained to Li Fan, "The regenerative function in the Heavenly Yuan Transformation Formation originates from the ancient Life Transformation Grand Formation."

"However, due to the presence of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma in mortals' bodies today, the formation had to undergo corresponding changes to be usable. The actual effect is far from what it used to be. It is said that the original Life Transformation Grand Formation could transform the lifespan of ordinary people into Longevity Fruit that could increase the lifespan of cultivators."

"Now, it's only left with the minor function of increasing the concentration of spiritual energy within the formation and nourishing the physical body."

Zhang Zhiliang expressed regret.

Next, he distributed formation construction materials and instructed everyone to independently build the formation nodes.

With a chance for free practice in formation deployment, Li Fan naturally wouldn't miss it.

He immersed himself in arranging the formations.

All this time, Li Fan had mainly studied formation theory, and practical experience in formation deployment was relatively scarce.

Therefore, he was a bit unfamiliar at the beginning, and his error rate was relatively high.

However, he quickly discovered the abnormality of [Divine Transformation Dao].

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 222: Soul Separation Jade Slip


Li Fan recorded every detail of each formation deployment into the blue Dao Transformation Stone in his mind.

If he failed in deploying a formation, Li Fan could review and examine it at any time, carefully identifying where the mistake occurred.

In the next formation deployment, he could multitask, comparing his deployment techniques with the images in his mind.

After several attempts, Li Fan's success rate in formation deployment skyrocketed.

Moreover, as long as he deployed a perfect formation once, Li Fan could use it as a template for all future deployments.

With the assurance of success, coupled with practice, Li Fan's speed in setting up formation nodes became faster.

Gradually, he entered a state of concentration.

In his mind, there was nothing but the formations.

When the entire "Heavenly Yuan Transformation Formation" was constructed, and he snapped out of his trance, the twelfth year had already arrived.

Zhang Zhiliang connected the core formation and external formations, then activated over three hundred thousand nodes.

A blue transparent screen instantly enveloped the entire island.

With the completion of the guardian formation, Li Fan couldn't help but sigh with a sense of fulfillment.

Through this training, his actual formation deployment skills had at least doubled.

At this moment, Li Fan also noticed that the eyes of the other three Formation Repairers looking at him were a bit strange.

"Good! Very good!"

With Zhang Zhiliang's hearty praise, Li Fan learned that, in his state of concentration, he alone had completed almost half of the formation node placements.

He could be considered a heartless puppet of formation deployment.

In a good mood for having finished the island guardian formation ahead of schedule, Zhang Zhiliang settled the accounts for this task on the spot.

Li Fan received a reward of 4,000 contribution points.

More than the sum of the other three people.

Li Fan naturally didn't care about this small amount of contribution points but still expressed his gratitude to Zhang Zhiliang.

"After returning, visit Formation Hall. I have something else to discuss with you," Zhang Zhiliang quietly transmitted to Li Fan while reprimanding the other three Formation Repairers.

Li Fan remained composed, replying through voice transmission to indicate his understanding.

After the affairs on Haitong Island were settled, the group returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

After parting ways with his "colleagues," Li Fan went to the Formation Hall a while later.

Zhang Zhiliang was already waiting.

"Master Zhang, may I know the purpose of your summoning me?" Li Fan asked respectfully.

Zhang Zhiliang smiled and went straight to the point, "I see that you have great talent in formations. I wonder if you are willing to follow me, become my student, and learn formations?"

Li Fan pretended to be pleasantly surprised, "Master Zhang is the number one in formations in Cong Yun Sea, I am naturally willing."

"But..." Li Fan hesitated a bit.

"What's the matter? Do you have any concerns?" Zhang Zhiliang raised an eyebrow and asked.

Li Fan replied honestly, "As of now, I have reached the late Foundation Establishment stage. I want to concentrate on improving my cultivation and break through to the Golden Core stage..."

Before he could finish, Zhang Zhiliang interrupted him.

"For cultivators, the importance of one's cultivation realm certainly comes first. After all, every breakthrough can add many years to our lifespan. If you have such plans, it's normal."

"However, cultivation also requires a balance between work and rest. Sometimes, when you feel stuck in cultivation, turning to the study of formations might make it easier to break through."

Zhang Zhiliang thought for a moment and produced a small metal figure from somewhere, handing it to Li Fan.

Li Fan took it and observed carefully. He found that the object in his hand resembled Zhang Zhiliang.

"Master Zhang, what is this?" Li Fan asked.

"Hehe, this is the 'Soul Separation Jade Slip.' It contains a strand of my spiritual consciousness, which can transform into a phantom to teach the knowledge within the slip."

Zhang Zhiliang explained to Li Fan with a proud expression.

As he explained, the metallic figure instantly disintegrated into countless light spots, forming a humanoid figure that appeared in front of Li Fan.

It was almost indistinguishable from a real person, and it was difficult to tell if it was real or an illusion.

"During the learning process, for anything you don't understand, you can ask it questions. It will provide answers based on the content of the jade slip and my memories, essentially acting as a second me."

Both Zhang Zhiliang's main body and the shifting phantom of the metallic figure spoke simultaneously.

"If you encounter a problem that it can't solve, I can take over at any time and provide the answer personally."

"Your talent is excellent. I am gifting you this 'Soul Separation Jade Slip.' Keep it with you, and you can study formations whenever you have time."

"This way, it won't delay your cultivation, and it will also enhance your proficiency in formations."

"Of course, the content in the jade slip is limited. Once you have learned all the content, you can come to the Formation Hall to find me."

"I will replace it with a new 'Soul Separation Jade Slip' for you."

"How about it?" Zhang Zhiliang asked with a smiling expression.

Li Fan was not unfamiliar with this phantom either.

During his study at the Formation Hall in the twelfth generation, he was taught by a similar phantom.

At that time, he thought this phantom was some form of formation or clone technique.

He didn't expect it to be transformed from a jade slip.

However, this had no substantial impact on Li Fan.

He came to Zhang Zhiliang for two reasons: to improve his proficiency in formations and to gain the trust of Zhang Zhiliang for the legacy containing 400,000 contribution points.

Now, with this Soul Separation Jade Slip, he didn't have to stay in the Formation Hall all the time, granting him greater freedom.

He immediately expressed his joy and gratitude to Zhang Zhiliang.

Zhang Zhiliang then explained some rules for his disciples to Li Fan and let him leave.

"In the past, it was a fortuitous encounter to study under Zhang Zhiliang, ultimately impressing him with my diligence."

"In this life, it's because I displayed a talent in formations, and Zhang Zhiliang, having a keen eye, took the initiative to accept me as a disciple."

"However, this doesn't necessarily mean my talent is exceptionally high. It's very likely that Zhang Zhiliang casts a wide net."

"Thinking about it, it's quite reasonable."

"Even in Cong Yun Sea, everyone knows the principle of not putting all your eggs in one basket. Master Zhang would not trust a Qi Condensation cultivator with his lifelong pursuit of the 'Infinite Formation.'"

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan pondered over the memories of the twelfth life and was enlightened.

However, he had impure motives himself, so he had no qualifications to feel mistreated.

Suppressing his thoughts, Li Fan activated the Tianxuan Mirror's enlightenment function.

Opening the Soul Separation Jade Slip, Li Fan listened to the teachings of the phantom of Zhang Zhiliang while diligently cultivating.

The two consciousnesses were distinct, unaffected by each other.

"Divine Transformation Dao is indeed a supreme technique. When the mind can be divided for multiple uses, efficiency is greatly improved."

Feeling the extraordinary effect of this Tai Yan Sect secret technique, Li Fan couldn't help but praise.

...

While Li Fan's main body was in seclusion, his clone finally received a message from Jiao Xiuyuan.

"Fellow Daoist Fan Lin, fortunately, I didn't let you down! I finally found the Minor Medicine King Cauldron you asked me to look for!"

"Hehe, this time it's a big harvest. Can you guess how many I've dug up?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 223: Advising Jiao Xiuyuan


"How many?" Li Fan's clone's eyes flashed.

"Hehe, did you dig up the entire Medicine King Sect ruins?"

Jiao Xiuyuan replied with a smile, "Not exactly, but I was lucky enough to stumble upon the remnants of a workshop. Although most of them are unusable defective items, I still managed to find a total of twenty-eight intact minor cauldrons."

"Twenty-eight?" Li Fan was slightly surprised. He hadn't expected there to be so many of these Minor Medicine King Cauldrons. This quantity was well beyond his expectations.

Recalling the scene in his twelfth life was hunted down because of the two Minor Medicine King Cauldrons in his storage ring, Li Fan fell into contemplation.

The Nascent Soul cultivator had directly locked onto his position, meaning he was able to sense the existence of the Minor Medicine King Cauldron through some method.

It might be a secret technique or perhaps because the cultivator also possessed a Minor Medicine King Cauldron.

The reason he was fighting over the Minor Medicine King Cauldrons was likely related to the return of the true Medicine King Cauldron.

"The opportunities within the Medicine King Cauldron are undoubtedly connected to these minor cauldrons which also belong to the Medicine King Sect."

"My death was probably just a tragic episode in the fierce competition."

"However, in this life, the more of these Minor Medicine King Cauldrons, the better for me!"

With a swift change of thought, Li Fan quickly made a decision.

Following up on Jiao Xiuyuan's words, he replied, "Hehe, you indeed have good luck, fellow Daoist Jiao."

"But I don't need so many minor cauldrons. Having two for regular cultivation is sufficient. Buying another two as backups would be more than enough!"

Jiao Xiuyuan hurriedly said, "Fellow Daoist, your words are not accurate. I have appraised these Minor Medicine King Cauldrons. They truly deserve to be ancient sect artifacts with remarkable effects. The results of cultivating spiritual plants in these are far superior to the mass-produced artifacts available today. Not to mention their long history and..."

Li Fan interrupted Jiao Xiuyuan with a smile, "Hehe, fellow Daoist Jiao and I have shared hardships. Let's be frank. Fellow Daoist Jiao is worried about the current low prices of herbs and the resulting difficulty in selling these Minor Medicine King Cauldrons, so you want me to buy more, right?"

Jiao Xiuyuan didn't expect Li Fan to be so direct. He chuckled, trying to conceal his embarrassment.

Just as he was about to explain, Li Fan continued, "Fellow Daoist Jiao, rest assured. Since these Minor Medicine King Cauldrons were what I asked you to find, naturally, I won't let you suffer a loss."

"In my opinion, if you want to sell these minor cauldrons at a hundredfold, or even a thousandfold higher price, it's not difficult!"

The tone was arrogant but confident.

Intrigued, Jiao Xiuyuan asked, "Please share your insights, Daoist."

Li Fan smiled faintly, "Fellow Daoist should know that the price of a commodity is not directly related to its inherent value. The final price a commodity can fetch is only determined by how much the buyer is willing to pay."

"Take these Minor Medicine King Cauldrons, for example. If they are merely used as cultivation tools for nurturing spiritual plants, then no matter how much fellow Daoist brags about their benefits, a price of a thousand contribution points is already the limit."

"What do you think, fellow Daoist?"

Jiao Xiuyuan nodded slowly, "You're right. A thousand contribution points is an overestimation by fellow Daoist. Following the collapse of the herb market, selling one for five to six hundred contribution points would be considered lucky."

"So, if you want to sell the Minor Medicine King Cauldron at a high price, you need to tap into their other appeals..." Li Fan's tone became profound as he spoke slowly.

"Other appeals?" Jiao Xiuyuan was momentarily stunned. "These little cauldrons don't have any other uses, do they?"

"Hehe, if they have no value, then let's create value for them," Li Fan said emphatically.

"Do you know about when the Medicine King Sect's Liu Ruchen used a cauldron as a boat and led the entire Medicine King Sect into the void?" Li Fan asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan nodded, "I naturally know about that..."

Then he realized something and sounded surprised, "Fellow Daoist, are you suggesting..."

Li Fan chuckled, "Let's say the Medicine King Cauldron has been wandering in the outside world for thousands of years and is about to return to the Xuanhuang Realm, and only those carrying the Minor Medicine King Cauldrons can enter."

"What do you think, fellow Daoist, about the price of these Minor Medicine King Cauldrons?" Li Fan asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan thought for a moment, and his tone became somewhat excited, "If that's true, by involving the secrets of ancient sects before the Great Calamity, the price of the Minor Medicine King Cauldrons will be difficult to estimate. Even setting the price at one hundred thousand contribution points per cauldron will likely attract many cultivators willing to buy."

Li Fan immediately said, "Exactly!"

Jiao Xiuyuan thought for a moment, feeling that something was off, "Isn't this misleading people? It doesn't fit my business principles! Moreover, these cultivators are savvy; they won't believe whatever I say, right?"

Li Fan chuckled lightly and said, "It depends on how fellow Daoist operates. As the saying goes, a lie repeated a thousand times becomes the truth. At that time, use significant amounts of money to bribe several influential diviners and release the information. There's no way others won't believe it."

"As for deceiving people, hehe..." Li Fan sneered. "In business, it's a matter of you buying and me selling, and it requires mutual consent. Furthermore, the return of the Medicine King Cauldron might not be false news!"

"The Medicine King Cauldron that flew away in the past does have a slight probability of returning to the Xuanhuang Realm. Even if this probability is infinitesimally close to zero, as long as it's not zero, this event will definitely occur over an infinite time scale."

"As for how long such an event will take, and whether the Xuanhuang Realm still exists by then..."

"That's another matter."

Li Fan's words shook Jiao Xiuyuan's mind.

The thoughts and values expressed in his words were completely different from the principles Jiao Xiuyuan had adhered to, the "Way of Business" he had always believed in.

For the record, Thousand Mile Hall had always upheld honesty. Although Jiao Xiuyuan occasionally took advantage of minor opportunities, he had never engaged in such grand and openly deceptive propaganda.

However, Jiao Xiuyuan felt a vague sense that Li Fan's words were extremely reasonable.

In recent years, Thousand Mile Hall's business scale has already been limited and reached a bottleneck. His "Ten Thousand Puppets Dao" had also been unable to break through.

"By analogy, this method can be applied not only to Minor Medicine King Cauldrons but to all commodities in the world. By then..." Jiao Xiuyuan, after some contemplation, became excited as if his soul was about to tremble.

He heard Li Fan continue his eloquent speech, "To maintain the popularity of Minor Medicine King Cauldrons, fellow Daoist can hold an auction every once in a while. Use the auction method to sell a few of these cauldrons."

"Not only can this maximize profits, but it can also promote Thousand Mile Hall's business, killing two birds with one stone."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 224: Flight Prohibited Nine Mountain Ranges


"If fellow Daoist is worried about not being able to protect the operation, you can spend some money to find backers. A simple thirty-seventy split, and you're good to go. It's always better than selling privately and exposing yourself to greater risk."

"With fellow Daoist's cultivation in the Ten Thousand Puppets Dao, dealing with these powerful individuals shouldn't be a safety concern. You can get in touch with a few of them and then make a decision."

Li Fan spoke fluently, providing Jiao Xiuyuan with detailed instructions on what to pay attention to. He analyzed how to handle special situations and solve potential issues. Every detail seemed as if he had personally experienced it.

Jiao Xiuyuan listened attentively, completely engrossed in the discussion. Even after Li Fan finished speaking, he remained deeply immersed, taking a while to snap out of it.

"Hehe, in this way, does fellow Daoist still worry about not being able to sell these Minor Medicine King Cauldrons?" Li Fan asked with a smile.

Awakening from contemplation, Jiao Xiuyuan sighed and admired, "Fellow Daoist's talents are rare in the world. Many of these ingenious thoughts about the business path are unheard of. Listening to just one of your insights is worth decades of my hard cultivation!"

"Even just the value of fellow Daoist's plan is a hundred times more valuable than those little cauldrons."

"The Minor Medicine King Cauldrons that fellow Daoist needs this time, I will give them to you for free. If I truly profit from your plan with the Minor Medicine King Cauldrons, I won't be stingy. I will definitely share some of the profits with you!" Jiao Xiuyuan guaranteed with a pat on his chest.

"I'm afraid that by that time, my main body will have long returned to the heavens!" Li Fan thought to himself, but he remained calm, graciously accepting the four Minor Medicine King Cauldrons that Jiao Xiuyuan had gifted him.

Afterward, he concluded the conversation with Jiao Xiuyuan.

"Wait for Jiao Xiuyuan to make arrangements, let the events ferment, and it will take some time."

"This plan is both false and true, so I'm not afraid it won't work."

"To avoid the prophecy coming true and my clone being investigated in reverse, this clone can't be kept. It needs to be sacrificed before the incident."

"Well, I can take a closer look to see how the execution of Crimson Flame in this life is different."

"And when the fifteenth year has arrived, and the meteor falls on Cangwu Province, and the Medicine King Cauldron really returns to the Xuanhuang Realm..."

"There should be many cultivators in the Xuanhuang Realm who can connect the meteor with the Medicine King Cauldron."

"The fierce struggle and looting of this life should happen earlier."

"I can't guarantee that cultivators above the Nascent Soul realm won't participate in the looting. I won't keep the Minor Medicine King Cauldrons on my body."

"Maybe I can give some to the young fellows of the Immortal Revival Organization if their strength is enough by then..."

"I am also quite curious about this boat cauldron that broke through the sky thousands of years ago."

"I can use the children as my eyes to explore the Medicine King Cauldron when it returns."

"If there really is a great opportunity, I can seek it in the next few lives."

The seeds had been planted, and Li Fan was waiting for the events to unfold.

"The mission of this clone is complete. I should consider making a trip to the Jiushan Province Wanfa Chamber of Commerce and buying some techniques."

With these thoughts, Li Fan began searching for companions in the Tianxuan Mirror.

Everything went smoothly.

Seven days later, a team composed of a Nascent Soul, three Golden Core cultivators, and more than ten Foundation Establishment cultivators was successfully formed.

When the agreed departure date arrived and Li Fan saw the members of the team, after some casual conversation, he learned that the leading Nascent Soul cultivator was actually an acquaintance.

Of course, it was a one-sided acquaintance.

Li Fan knew him, but he didn't know Li Fan. This person was none other than the Greenwood Rebirth True Lord.

No longer the puppet master of the previous Spirit Mist Grass incident, he had become an active participant in this world.

Greenwood Rebirth True Lord had also suffered heavy losses. Along with the premature exposure of the Wood Attribute Subworld, his vital source of income, cultivating medicinal herbs, had been severely affected. Income had plummeted.

Faced with extreme helplessness, Greenwood had no choice but to begin transforming his business.

Being a Nascent Soul True Lord, he could undertake various tasks. Over the past few years, through various attempts, Greenwood had found a relatively easy way to earn contribution points: transporting goods.

Going to the Jiushan Province Wanfa Chamber of Commerce, purchasing some goods, and then selling them privately in the Cong Yun Sea, earning the price difference. A round trip yielded considerable profits.

Although Jiushan Province was quite chaotic, with the rule of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance being weak, there was always the risk of being attacked at any time.

However, with his strength at the Nascent Soul stage, self-preservation was not a problem.

This way, Greenwood, who had tasted the sweetness, based on the principle of making a little more profit, began to lead the teams on his journeys.

As long as a certain amount of contribution points were paid, one could join Greenwood's team and receive his protection along the way.

One thousand for Foundation Establishment, six hundred for Golden Core.

In one trip, Greenwood could earn nearly twenty thousand contribution points.

After paying the contribution points, Li Fan followed the team and set off.

Due to the excessive consumption, the group did not directly use cross-province teleportation. Instead, they first teleported to the edge of the Cong Yun Sea, entering the territory of Shilin Province.

Then, they transferred through the teleportation formation in Shilin City to reach Xuanshi City near the Jiushan Province.

Afterward, they flew from Xuanshi City all the way to the Jiushan Province.

Jiushan Province was named after the nine continuous mountain ranges within its borders. [1]

Each mountain range was like a towering city wall, spanning the earth.

Moreover, each of these nine mountain ranges had its own mysteries.

Cultivators below the Nascent Soul stage, without cultivating a Dharma Domain, couldn't fly over the mountain ranges.

They could only traverse through mountain passes like ordinary people.

Every year, there were some disbelieving cultivators who, in attempting to fly over the mountain ranges, ended up falling and dying on the mountain cliffs.

The location of the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce was on the last mountain of the nine mountain ranges, Mount Tianchang.

Li Fan's clone followed the team and set off toward their destination.

Meanwhile, his main body, after three months of cultivation, suddenly awakened from seclusion.

He sensed that Ye Feipeng on the deserted island had started to show signs of activity.

The perspective shifted to the deserted island.

Ye Feipeng hid on the side, watching as Xiao Heng practiced the killing move "Water Dragon Song."

The spectacular scene of thousands of water dragons dancing in unison made Ye Feipeng envious.

"Although the technique I cultivate, 'Canghai Wave Treading,' is well suited for the vast ocean, it's not as imposing as Xiao Heng's move. The combat effect seems to be slightly inferior as well."

Ye Feipeng's eyes rolled as he silently pondered.

"No, my techniques and innate talent are not as good as Xiao Heng's."

"At this rate, I'll really be left far behind."

"If I think about it, it seems that the day when Zhang Haobo gets his opportunity is also approaching..."

Ye Feipeng made a decision.

Taking advantage of Xiao Heng being immersed in his cultivation, Ye Feipeng quietly left the deserted island alone.

He flew toward the direction of Liuli Island.

Li Fan smiled faintly and, through the teleportation formation, arrived first on Liuli Island.

To ensure that the situation remained under his control, Li Fan needed to be present in person.

Seven days later.

Zhang Haobo, who was still just an ordinary person, led the Cangyuan Ship and began another fishing trip at sea.

Naturally, Zhang Haobo was unaware that there was always a pair of eyes above him, watching him closely.

Also, Ye Feipeng, who was monitoring Zhang Haobo, did not notice that, from a more distant location, another pair of eyes were gazing at both of them.

On the Cangyuan Ship, Zhang Haobo looked somewhat absent-minded.

He surveyed the surrounding sea, and suddenly, a somewhat familiar-looking reef caught his eye.

With a sudden shock, he ordered his subordinates to drop anchor and stop the ship here.

Then, relying on his proficiency in swimming, he dove into the sea.

In this shallow seabed, Zhang Haobo, relying on his premonition, searched around.

Soon after, a skeleton sleeping on the seabed attracted his attention.

He first returned to the surface for a breath of air.

When he dove underwater again, wanting to investigate, Zhang Haobo was bewildered to find that the skeleton that was just there had suddenly disappeared.

He didn't see that not far away, Ye Feipeng, full of excitement, took out a jade slip from the skeleton's arms.

Carefully reading it, Ye Feipeng muttered, "A shocking palm, covering the sea with a single hand..."

"All living beings have their own consciousness."

"So does the Cong Yun Sea..."

"So that's how it is, so that's how it is..."

A glimmer of enlightenment flashed in Ye Feipeng's eyes.

*****

[1] Jiushan translates literally to "nine mountains."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 225: Feipeng’s Fortune


"No wonder in the previous life, Zhang Haobo, a mortal with no background, was able to cultivate to the Golden Core stage in just over a decade."

"No wonder he, as a Golden Core cultivator, could mobilize the entire Cong Yun Sea's power, unleashing the earth-shattering Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords."

A look of realization appeared in Ye Feipeng's eyes.

According to the contents recorded in the jade slip, the deceased was a practitioner proficient in sensing the qi of heaven and earth. Although his cultivation was only at the Foundation Establishment stage, he had accidentally discovered a shocking secret in a certain ancient ruin in the Cong Yun Sea.

The vast Cong Yun Sea was formed by the palm strike of an ancient powerhouse.

This practitioner spent over a decade excavating the seabed, studying the imprints left by the palm strike, and finally synthesized his insights into a profound technique.

The Sea Covering Palm.

Moreover, during the years of sensing the qi of heaven and earth, this practitioner speculated that, due to the astonishing palm strike, the Cong Yun Sea might have developed its own consciousness over the long years.

Unfortunately, before he could personally confirm this, he encountered a heart demon during a moment of enlightenment, leaving him little time until his death.

Before his death, he only had the time to record this information in the jade slip, leaving it for a person of destiny.

Then, he died with regret.

After comparing the contents of the jade slip with the observations of the previous life, Ye Feipeng finally understood.

"The heavens want to burn the sea, but the sea refuses to submit."

"Crimson Flame is the executor of heaven's will, and Zhang Haobo is the executor of the Cong Yun Sea's will."

"Perhaps Zhang Haobo alone is not a match for Crimson Flame."

"Zhang Haobo himself knows this. So, he controlled the wind disasters and used this opportunity to meet True Monarch Hongxi of the Ten Thousand Immortals Island."

"He revealed the news of Crimson Flame's arrival a few years in advance."

"The allure of a Heavenly Spirit is extremely difficult for Soul Transformation cultivators to resist."

"So, five Soul Transformation True Monarchs joined forces, and a Dao Integration Immortal Sage presided over the matter. With such a formidable lineup, they were confident."

"But unexpectedly, a Golden Core cultivator ultimately stole the fruits of their efforts."

"Wonderful, wonderful!"

Ye Feipeng couldn't help but admire.

Then, his gaze became greedy. "Unfortunately, this life, I will take advantage of it!"

With a palm, he shattered the skeleton and jade slip into pieces. Ye Feipeng's momentum suddenly surged.

"It seems that the key to this life lies in how to attract the attention of the Cong Yun Sea's consciousness."

"Zhang Haobo is said to have practiced with wind disasters for years. From chasing the wind at the beginning, to cutting through the wind, and finally shepherding the wind."

"During this process, he gradually became stronger. Undoubtedly, it was his confrontations with the wind disasters that attracted the attention of the Cong Yun Sea."

"I can naturally emulate this."

...

Ye Feipeng, who had been longing to attract the consciousness of the Cong Yun Sea, was unaware that at the moment he shattered the jade slip, his destiny, which resembled white mist, was spinning wildly.

It was as if something was being attracted by this vortex from the outside, and the white mist slowly gained a different color.

Operating the "Sun Stealing Technique," Li Fan, who was watching everything, couldn't help but nod.

"Indeed, his destiny was initially amorphous, and one change begets a hundred changes."

"It's not in vain that I worked hard to lay the groundwork."

At this moment, Li Fan, who had transformed his Foundation Treasure into the Canghai Pearl, could faintly sense the sea around Ye Feipeng becoming more active than ordinary regions.

This difference was subtle, and even highly skilled cultivators might not be able to sense it.

Only Li Fan, who possessed the Canghai Pearl of the same origin as the Cong Yun Sea, could vaguely perceive it.

"The plan has officially begun to unfold. Next, it depends on how this little fatty develops."

Li Fan looked at Ye Feipeng, whose expression was constantly changing as he contemplated something, and smiled faintly.

His spiritual consciousness swept over the sea surface, and he saw Zhang Haobo standing at the bow of the Cangyuan ship with an expression of great confusion.

Li Fan muttered to himself, "Although I don't expect Zhang Haobo to achieve the same heights in this life, he does have outstanding talent. It's a pity for him not to join the Immortal Revival Organization."

"Hmm, after my clone returns from Jiushan Province, I can send Xiao Heng on a trip."

Quietly returning to the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan, as usual, checked the record of Zhang Qianmo's achievements in "Discussing Dao While Seated."

It had now increased to thirty-six wins and six ties.

There still hadn't appeared any method to crack the rebirth from the purple core.

The tied matches were all achieved by relying on powerful combat strength to fight Zhang Qianmo to a standstill.

However, Li Fan couldn't follow suit.

Anyway, there was no rush; he had plenty of time.

With the assistance of the Divine Transformation Dao, Li Fan once again cultivated and studied formations simultaneously.

...

Jiushan Province.

In front of Mount Tianchang.

After half a year of long-distance travel, Li Fan's clone and his group finally reached their destination.

Even Greenwood, who was a Nascent Soul True Lord, had a tired expression on his face at this moment.

Li Fan finally experienced for himself how vast a single province in the Xuanhuang Realm could be.

Without teleportation formations, it would take at least five or six months for a Foundation Establishment cultivator to fly from one end to the other.

Furthermore, that was under the best-case scenario, where everything went smoothly and there weren't any dangers.

In reality, this journey was not very peaceful.

During the six-month journey, through many conversations with the others, Li Fan gained a rough understanding of the specific situation in Jiushan Province.

Legend had it that the nine mountain ranges in Jiushan Province were formed by the transformation of nine meridians inside a certain beast after its death in ancient times.

The nine mountain ranges stretched across the land, each with its own mysteries, yet interconnected as one.

They seemed to form an immensely huge formation.

Due to this, teleportation formations were extremely unstable.

They could explode shortly after construction.

It was also possible for the destination coordinates to change suddenly, sending people to completely unfamiliar places.

There was even an unfortunate cultivator who insisted on trying to use a teleportation formation, hoping to get lucky.

As a result, he was directly teleported outside the Xuanhuang Realm, never to return.

Because of this reason, after occupying Jiushan Province, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance felt that the management cost was too high.

Moreover, this place was relatively barren, with no precious resources.

They decided to give up the method of building a large number of cities.

Instead, they built only nine cities on the mountain trails between the nine mountain ranges and dispatched people to guard them.

On the plains between the nine mountain ranges, there were all sorts of dragons and snakes, and various unscrupulous characters gathered.

Among them were the local forces of Jiushan Province and external factions secretly supported by the Five Elders Association.

Most of the people in Li Fan's group were members of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Furthermore, with the Nascent Soul Greenwood Rebirth True Lord leading the way, these factions were somewhat restrained.

Along the way, they only encountered seven or eight attacks, all of which were successfully repelled.

It was said that if an ordinary cultivator rashly entered Jiushan Province, they would have long been skinned and plundered.

Regarding this chaotic situation, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance couldn't be bothered to manage it.

There was naturally a deep-seated reason for this.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 226: Wanfa Tower Forbidden Items


Due to its proximity to the territory of the Five Elders Association, the Jiushan Province could be considered the true front line of war.

Over the centuries, ownership of this region has changed hands several times.

Instead of investing effort into development and ending up benefiting others, it was better to let the chaos continue and allow it to become a buffer zone for the ongoing conflict between the two sides.

This chaotic situation is the result of the mutual considerations between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association, leading to the lawlessness of the Jiushan Province.

In front of Mount Tianchang City, Greenwood Rebirth True Lord revealed his identity.

After a moment, the people entering Mount Tianchang City collectively breathed a sigh of relief, and their tense nerves relaxed.

Fatigue occupied their minds, and everyone decided to take some time to rest in the city.

Li Fan, being just a clone, didn't feel particularly exhausted and decided to leisurely stroll through Mount Tianchang City.

Built on the mountain, the city's architecture and layout were quite different from other cities.

It was divided into nine layers, with the Immortal Ancestor statue towering on the topmost level, overseeing all.

The next level housed the official buildings of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, such as the Martial Hall and the Heavenly Secrets Hall.

Below that was a clear boundary, where the core of the city's guardian formation was located.

The lower layers appeared more disorderly, with various shops and residences scattered around.

Looking at Mount Tianchang City, Li Fan suddenly had a feeling that the upper three layers of the city were forcibly added on top of the mountain.

They seemed out of place compared to the several other layers.

The most significant difference in the Jiushan Province's cities, compared to other provinces, was the absence of the Tianxuan Mirror within the city.

Li Fan knew before arriving that perhaps due to safety concerns, no Tianxuan Mirrors would be provided in the Jiushan Province.

If both parties in a transaction didn't have Tianxuan Minor Mirrors, they could only settle the deal using spirit stones.

Li Fan's clone had come to purchase cultivation techniques. After inquiring with passersby, he quickly arrived at the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce on the sixth layer.

It was a very inconspicuous building; Li Fan would've thought he had come to the wrong place if not for the familiar character "" (Wan) embroidered on the flags at the entrance.

No one greeted him at the entrance.

Once inside, the lighting changed abruptly, revealing a hidden world within the small building.

The clamor and commotion of people became apparent, and as far as the eye could see, there was a bustling market with many cultivators setting up stalls.

It was like entering a lively bazaar where many cultivators were selling their wares.

After a brief observation, Li Fan noticed that the crowd was divided by several banners with words like "Weapon," "Formation," "Pill," "Talisman," "Book," "Miscellaneous," and so on written on them.

In the center of all the trading markets stood a towering building. A signboard in the middle of the high building read "Technique."

Li Fan navigated through the crowded people towards the Wanfa Tower.

Inside the building, cultivators were busy entering and exiting, appearing extremely busy.

A Qi Condensation cultivator in robes quickly approached and greeted him.

"Esteemed guest, what brings you here? Cultivation techniques, forbidden items, or slaves?" he warmly inquired.

"I'll just browse around for now," Li Fan casually replied.

The attendant smiled and nodded, "Certainly, feel free to explore. If you need anything, just let us know at any time."

Li Fan wandered through the Wanfa Tower.

According to occasional signs inside, he understood that the first floor mainly sold goods for Foundation Establishment cultivators and below.

The variety of items amazed him, ranging from detailed displays of techniques to emotionless enslaved cultivators, specially crafted weapons, and storage rings scavenged from fallen cultivators with unexamined contents.

There were even services for customized weapons, slaves, or techniques.

With enough money, one could quickly obtain whatever they desired, without the need to search within the Wanfa Tower.

The merchandise could only be seen, not touched.

A curtain of light separated the merchandise from the visitors.

When spiritual consciousness locked onto the merchandise, a text introduction appeared on the light screen.

If one needed to purchase the merchandise, one only needed to call out to the shopkeeper, and one could quickly check out using contribution points through a provided Tianxuan Minor Mirror.

After purchase, the screen on display would immediately be replaced with other merchandise to avoid leaving the space empty.

......

Li Fan wandered around and couldn't help but remember the experience of shopping at the mall before transmigrating.

The shopping experience in the Wanfa Tower seemed a bit more primitive compared to that of the Tianxuan Mirror.

However, it seemed to promote the desire to spend even more.

Passing through a barrier, Li Fan arrived on the second floor of the Wanfa Tower.

According to the instructions inside, generally, cultivators could only enter a floor one realm higher than their own cultivation level.

The second floor featured goods related to the Golden Core realm, and it was currently the highest level Li Fan could access.

The variety of goods here mirrored the first floor, although the quantity was somewhat reduced.

The store assistants were now Foundation Establishment cultivators, but they still wore smiles and maintained a courteous demeanor.

After browsing for a while, Li Fan stopped in front of a technique called "Boundless Mist."

He focused his spiritual consciousness, and the technique's introduction appeared.

"Water attribute Golden Core technique."

"After cultivation, one's inner qi becomes like a vast lake, inexhaustible; one's figure becomes like ethereal mist, difficult to detect."

"Selling price: 70,000 contribution points."

"Buyout price: 140,000 contribution points."

This buyout price hadn't appeared on the first floor, and its meaning was unclear.

Surprisingly, it was double the regular selling price.

Intrigued, Li Fan inquired with the attendant.

After some explanation, Li Fan understood that the normal sale of a technique only involved selling the right to use it.

Inside the Wanfa Tower, backup copies of the techniques still existed.

Regardless of the reason, if a sold technique went unpracticed for thirty years, the Wanfa Tower would re-list it for sale.

The buyout price, on the other hand, was the price to permanently purchase the technique.

Once sold, the Wanfa Tower would no longer retain a backup copy, and the buyer would own the full rights to the technique.

If the buyer lost the technique, the Wanfa Tower couldn't help retrieve it.

If the buyer died without leaving behind any inheritance, the technique would be lost forever.

"Quite interesting, buying out a technique..."

"The price is double the regular selling price..."

"It's hard to say whether it's a profit or a loss."

Without rushing to buy, Li Fan recalled that he hadn't seen any of the "forbidden items" mentioned by the attendant when entering. Curious, he inquired about them.

"The forbidden items sold in the Wanfa Tower don't necessarily have high prices. It's just that for various reasons, they are not suitable for public sale."

"If fellow Daoist wishes to view them, you'll need to sign a confidentiality contract first."

The attendant explained enthusiastically.

Li Fan saw no reason to decline and promptly signed the contract.

The attendant took out a golden talisman.

A layer of golden light emerged from it, enveloping both of them.

In the blink of an eye, Li Fan found himself on another unknown floor.

The goods and customers here were even scarcer. Li Fan looked around with keen interest.

These were truly forbidden items.

The first thing Li Fan saw deeply piqued his interest.

"Diagram of the Immortal Ancestor forcibly seizing the Tai Shang Primordial Scripture."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 227: Reunion in a Foreign Land


Immortal Ancestor, the Tai Shang Primordial Scripture.

The name of this item containing these two extremely sensitive terms was bound to trigger Li Fan's nerves. Approaching the partially unfolded scroll, Li Fan locked onto it with his spiritual sense, and the product information appeared.

"Immortal Ancestor forcibly seizes the Tai Shang Primordial Scripture."

"Several years ago, the Immortal Ancestor personally went to the Tai Shang Sect to borrow the 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture.'"

"At that time, a cultivator skilled in painting happened to be a guest at the Tai Shang Sect."

"Using a brush, he recorded this scene."

"A replica."

"Suggested to be burned after viewing."

"Not recommended for Ten Thousand Immortals Immortal Alliance cultivators to carry."

"Highly discouraged for Five Elders Association cultivators to carry."

"Selling price: 200 contribution points."

Li Fan carefully examined the price, his expression peculiar as he asked, "This scroll is selling for only 200 contribution points? Can it still be considered a forbidden item?"

The attendant explained patiently, "Because it's a replica and can be mass-produced, the price is very low."

"The reason it's considered a forbidden item is because this painting involves two Longevity Immortals."

"Displaying it casually could lead to significant trouble."

Li Fan's eyes flashed at the mention of two Longevity Immortals, immediately ready to make the payment and acquire it.

However, at that moment, Li Fan suddenly became alert, "Will there be any trouble after looking at this painting?"

The attendant smiled, "Esteemed guest, you need to know that this painting contains nothing twisted or slanderous. It simply records and restores the scene from the perspective of an observer."

"Moreover, in the eyes of the Immortal Ancestor, we cultivators are no different from ants."

"They wouldn't bother with our words and actions."

"The real trouble comes from those below the Immortal Ancestor, those eager to show loyalty..."

The attendant stopped there and said no more.

Li Fan nodded slowly, spent 200 contribution points, and bought the painting.

Holding the scroll, without unfolding it, his spiritual sense instantly entered the painting.

The surroundings abruptly changed, as if, in an instant, he had traversed time and space, arriving thousands of years in the past.

Above the vast sea of clouds, thirty-three floating peaks successively activated guardian formations.

An elderly man with a high crown calmly stepped through the air.

"I have heard that the Tai Shang Sect possesses an original scripture, profound and infinite, known as the source of all laws and the origin of all daos."

"Now, calamity has befallen, and cultivators practicing the same technique cannot coexist. For the sake of the world, I request to borrow the scripture for a glimpse!"

The voice was unhurried, spreading throughout heaven and earth.

The boundless sea of clouds dispersed, revealing the world below.

The sky suddenly darkened, and the stars appeared in broad daylight.

A cold, emotionless voice instantly echoed from the thirty-three peaks of the Tai Shang Sect, suppressing all the anomalies.

"The life and death of worldly cultivators have nothing to do with me."

"Fellow Daoist, please leave!"

The elderly man shook his head slightly, a look of pity appearing on his face.

"In that case, what does the scripture have to do with you, the Tai Shang Sect?"

With a single step, the old man instantly arrived in front of the thirty-three peaks.

"Boom!"

A violent shock came, and an infinite white light engulfed everything in sight.

...

The content of the painting abruptly stopped here, and Li Fan's spiritual sense withdrew from the painting. Although the subsequent events were not described in the painting, the current state where everyone could cultivate part of the 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture' hinted at the outcome of that battle.

Rolling up the scroll, Li Fan couldn't help but fall into a brief contemplation.

"So, the method that all cultivators heavily rely on today for dispersing and re-cultivating techniques is also derived from Immortal Ancestor."

"One could say that without this extraordinary method that allows one to convert to other techniques with minimal loss, the current system of technique transactions would be impossible to sustain."

"The plight of cultivators would undoubtedly be much more miserable."

"For the sake of the world..."

"On the surface, it does seem that way."

"But..."

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan shelved his thoughts and continued leisurely strolling through this forbidden item level.

Items like this painting that had been classified as forbidden due to involving great secrets were still a minority.

The vast majority were materials explicitly prohibited by the Five Elders Association that possessed various special functions.

Li Fan was particularly interested in the Dao Enlightenment Elixirs he had heard about before.

Another item that caught his attention was a portable teleportation formation.

It didn't require the user to have much knowledge of formations; you just needed to place the two ends of the teleportation formations at suitable locations, and they would automatically construct and activate.

Within the Ten Thousand Immortals Immortal Alliance, the construction of teleportation formations could be considered highly confidential. Li Fan hadn't encountered related knowledge until now.

The Dao Enlightenment Elixirs cost 500 contribution points each, with a limit of 100 pills per cultivator.

A set of three portable teleportation formations cost 3,000 contribution points. Li Fan bought two sets just in case.

After leaving the forbidden item level, he quickly purchased two Golden Core-level techniques and twelve Foundation Building-level techniques.

He spent almost all the three hundred top-grade spirit stones carried by his clone before calling it a day.

When leaving the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce, he was thoughtfully gifted a mask.

Wearing the mask could change one's appearance, preventing tracking by others. Li Fan accepted the mask with a smile.

He rented an inn in Mount Tianchang City, initiated a ritual, and transferred the purchased items to the White Bone Realm.

Finally, he could relax a bit. Copies of the control center of the White Bone Realm, the white bone left hand, were held by both the main body and the clone.

This way, even if there were any unexpected incidents on the return journey, at most, only a clone would be lost.

With things settled, the clone left the inn and strolled around Mount Tianchang City.

Three days later, Greenwood and the others also completed their purchases.

As they prepared to return home, they encountered a group of cultivators coming from the Cong Yun Sea.

This group was led by a Nascent Soul stage cultivator named Ling Meng.

Although Ling Meng and Greenwood didn't know each other personally, they had heard about each other.

Since they were all cultivators from the Cong Yun Sea, the group discussed and decided to return together for mutual support.

After waiting for a few more days, they finally embarked on the long journey back.

Compared to the journey here, the returning group expanded by almost double.

There were two Nascent Soul cultivators, seven Golden Core cultivators, and over twenty Foundation Building cultivators.

The lineup was quite formidable, deterring many opportunistic troublemakers. The journey back was much smoother.

However, Li Fan always felt that the Nascent Soul stage cultivator named Ling Meng seemed familiar but couldn't recall where he had seen him.

It was only when his main body, currently cultivating in the Tianxuan Mirror, split one part of his mind to carefully review past memories one by one that he recalled.

This Ling Meng was the Nascent Soul cultivator who entered the blue ox cart's thatched cottage in the twelfth life and tragically died during an exploration of a cave shortly afterward.

Li Fan had seen his image in the Heavenly Secrets Hall, so he felt a sense of familiarity.

In this world, Li Fan hadn't taken the task of the "Cloud Water Map," so the events of the blue ox's cart-pulling and the Master appearing in the world didn't occur.

It seems he had changed the fate of this person's death.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 228: Tian Yang Appears in the Mortal World


With Greenwood and Ling Meng, two True Lords at the Nascent Soul stage, leading the way, everyone clearly felt much more relaxed during the journey.

They chatted and laughed along the way, discussing various anecdotes and secrets. Li Fan just smiled and listened, not actively participating.

During the journey, they occasionally encountered cultivators from other provinces.

While exchanging information, Li Fan happened to learn that prophecies about the return of the Medicine King Cauldron were starting to circulate in various places.

However, at this point, everyone treated it as a joke and didn't take it seriously.

It seemed that Jiao Xiuyuan had already started making efforts in his plan. However, truly influencing public opinion would still take a considerable amount of time.

Time passed quickly, and after almost half a year, the group finally returned to the Cong Yun Sea.

By now, it had been thirteen years since the anchor was set.

Most people had exchanged contact information, and after bidding farewell, they each went their separate ways to rest.

The clone, who had entered the Tianxuan Mirror Realm, activated the ritual and arrived in the White Bone Realm.

...

On the nameless deserted island.

Xiao Heng, who was already in the later stage of Qi Condensation, suddenly showed a change in expression while meditating.

He activated the necklace on his chest, and his consciousness also arrived in the White Bone Realm.

"Senior? Have you awakened?" He looked at the skull, which seemed to have regained some vitality, and spoke with excitement.

"Cough, just a slight recovery, I've barely escaped the fate of complete disappearance. I woke up this time because there's a task I need to assign to you. Next, I'll continue to heal my injuries in my sleep." The skull spoke weakly.

"While I was in slumber, it seemed like I sensed someone with a similarly excellent talent around you...," the skull continued.

Quickly, Xiao Heng responded, "It's a companion who came out of my hometown with me, Ye Feipeng. His cultivation speed is also fast and very reliable."

The skull pondered for a moment, seemingly sensing, "Hmm, the talent of this little fatty is indeed not much weaker than yours. It's a pity that the person I sensed during my slumber doesn't seem to be the same."

Xiao Heng was puzzled for a moment and quickly replied, "Could it be my little sister? Although she's still very young, she can already run and jump, and her strength is frightening!"

"Ah, this little girl's talent is quite terrifying as well. However, how come she hasn't started cultivating yet? Such talent should have been absorbed into our Immortal Revival Organization long ago, right? Child, why are you so lax?" The skull interrupted him.

Xiao Heng blushed and explained, "Senior, please don't misunderstand. I just thought my little sister was still young, so I didn't rush to let her cultivate."

The skull interrupted him again, "Peerless talent cannot be measured by common sense. You're only holding her back."

"Well, you are still too young after all. It seems that it was a hasty decision to pass such a heavy responsibility to you back then..."

The skull muttered to itself in a low voice.

"Senior..." Xiao Heng was at a loss for words for a while.

After a long time, the skull seemed to make a decision.

"Holding this responsibility is too difficult for you alone."

"So, I'll lend you a hand."

Saying this, the skull flew into the sky. In its hollow eye sockets, a faint light shot out.

In the light, countless scenes quickly flashed.

After a while, the flickering images suddenly stopped.

The skull, as if it had consumed too much energy, fell to the ground.

Xiao Heng hurriedly went forward but was stopped.

As the light emitted by the skull hit him, several people's information quickly appeared in Xiao Heng's mind.

"Liuli Island, Zhang Haobo..."

"Night Island, Yin Yueting, Yin Yuzhen..."

"Senior, what is this?" Xiao Heng couldn't help but feel a little confused.

"These are the sons and daughters of destiny that I found within the scope of the Cong Yun Sea using a secret technique. These people either have outstanding cultivation talents or possess extraordinary abilities. They will be of great help to you in revitalizing the Immortal Revival Organization."

"Unfortunately, my strength is exhausted. In the future, it will depend on your own luck."

"Remember, focus on developing and improving your own strength. The power of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is immense, and even at the Nascent Soul level, it's difficult to make any waves."

"So, your top priority is cultivation."

"For these new additions, don't directly reveal the details of Immortal Revival Organization to them. Just say it's an independent cultivation organization to avoid scaring them."

"As for the specifics, it's up to you to decide..."

The voice of the skull became fainter and fainter, finally becoming ethereal, disappearing into the darkness.

"Senior..." Xiao Heng held tightly to his fists.

After a long time, his gaze gradually became firm again.

Awakening from the pre-expedition realm, Xiao Heng planned to find Ye Feipeng first and discuss with him about finding the various sons and daughters of destiny.

Unexpectedly, Ye Feipeng had already taken the initiative to come over.

Sneakily dragging Xiao Heng to a secluded and uninhabited place, Ye Feipeng began to speak slowly.

"Tian Yang Cave? Several Foundation Building cultivators went in for exploration under the leadership of a Golden Core cultivator, but the results were disastrous, with heavy casualties, and only the Golden Core cultivator managed to escape?" Xiao Heng looked at Ye Feipeng, feeling a bit puzzled.

"Why are you telling me all this?"

Ye Feipeng said sternly, "The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is preparing for a second exploration. This time, the exploration team is likely to be led by a Nascent Soul cultivator, with the addition of several Golden Core cultivators."

"However, it's useless!"

"No one can escape death! I boldly speculate that the second exploration team will still be wiped out!"

Xiao Heng was taken aback, "It's impossible. Didn't you say it's a Golden Core cultivator's cave? How could even Nascent Soul cultivators die inside?"

Ye Feipeng snorted, "That's because the Tian Yang Cave's seventeen puppets have strange characteristics!"

"They are weak against the weak and strong against the strong!" He emphasized each word, speaking solemnly.

Xiao Heng squinted his eyes, pondering the meaning of these words.

Suddenly, he stared at Ye Feipeng and asked, "How do you know all this so well?"

Ye Feipeng waved his hand dismissively, "I just know it, I just know it! Have you forgotten?"

"That's not the point. The point is, we must quietly sneak into the cave before the second exploration team is formed and seize the opportunities inside!" Ye Feipeng asserted decisively.

"Otherwise, when the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's team is wiped out again, it will cause a huge sensation and make it impossible for us to seize the opportunities without attracting attention!"

Seeing Xiao Heng's skeptical eyes, Ye Feipeng became anxious and asked repeatedly, "You don't believe me?"

"Would I harm you?!"

"We are both cultivators from Dali, we are both members of Immortal Revival Organization, and we've even signed a contract."

"We're on the same boat, from the origins!"

"How could I harm you?!"

...

In the end, Xiao Heng was persuaded.

The two quietly approached the vicinity of Tian Yang Cave and the underwater volcano.

At this time, the news about Tian Yang Cave had not spread on a large scale, and the surroundings were quiet without any cultivators lurking.

"You go in first and learn the attack patterns of those puppets. See how long you can endure."

"The puppets at the Qi Condensation stage have weak attack power. Even if you are hit, it won't matter."

"I'll keep a lookout outside."

Ye Feipeng instructed.

Xiao Heng nodded slowly, his expression serious, and he flew into Tian Yang Cave.

After about twenty breaths of time, Xiao Heng rushed out looking somewhat embarrassed.

Without saying a word, he just closed his eyes and pondered.

After a while, he flew back in again.

This time, Xiao Heng persisted twice as long.

The third time...

After half a day, Xiao Heng exhaustedly said to Ye Feipeng, "I have roughly figured out the attack patterns of these puppets."

"But my spiritual energy is limited. Even with this understanding, I can't hold on for long."

Ye Feipeng, looking confident, handed a storage ring to Xiao Heng.

When Xiao Heng took a look, the ring was filled with spirit stones.

"Where did you get these?" he couldn't help but ask.

Ye Feipeng, feeling proud, said, "I have my own methods. Don't worry about it."

"How about it? With these spirit stones, how long can you endure?"

Xiao Heng took out a spirit stone and sensed its spiritual energy concentration.

After a while, he affirmed, "With enough spiritual energy to support me, those puppets, although numerous, should not be able to harm me."

Ye Feipeng hurriedly said, "No, no, this won't do. You must be at a disadvantage but not be defeated. In this way, endure for as long as possible until I come out from inside."

Xiao Heng frowned, "Fatty, are you teasing me? What kind of weird request is this?"

Then, he carefully scrutinized Ye Feipeng and said suspiciously, "Do you have something you're hiding from me?"

"Don't be so suspicious. I'm not telling you just to prevent it from affecting your mentality, thereby reducing your combat power." Ye Feipeng said helplessly, "In terms of danger, I'm in greater danger inside the cave. If something really happens, you still have hope of escaping from the exit. I, on the other hand, can't even escape."

Xiao Heng nodded slowly upon hearing this.

"Alright, no time to waste. Let's make some preparations and take action immediately. My life is in your hands!" Ye Feipeng looked a bit nervous, but after taking a deep breath, a hint of determination flashed in his eyes.

"Let's go!"

After a while, the two rushed into the Tian Yang Cave one after another.

Seventeen puppets blocked their way.

Ye Feipeng's feet flashed, and he quickly maneuvered around them, appearing behind the puppets.

The enraged puppets were about to pursue but were intercepted by deep blue water swords.

Countless water swords, like flying dragons, erupted simultaneously.

Xiao Heng instantly stood within the seventeen puppets.

Surrounded by the attacking puppets, Xiao Heng looked extremely wretched.

The puppet's attacks always almost grazed his body.

There was a risk of severe injury with the slightest carelessness.

Yet, seemingly with extremely good luck, he managed to avoid every attack.

The situation appeared perilous but was actually completely under control.

The battle between the two sides continued for some time.

The puppets that couldn't break through seemed to be undergoing some kind of transformation.

The power displayed in each move gradually exceeded the scope of the Qi Condensation stage.

On their crimson bodies, a faint black light began to shine.

A sense of foreboding suddenly emerged in Xiao Heng's heart.

He took out another spirit stone to replenish his internal spiritual energy.

He shouted towards the inner part of the cave, "Fatty, are you done yet?"

Echoes spread all around, but there was no response.

Xiao Heng had no choice but to grit his teeth and persevere.

The puppet's attacks became more ruthless, and Xiao Heng began to struggle.

As he was about to be hit by the puppets, he shouted, "Water Dragon Song!"

Twice as many water swords suddenly appeared.

The densely packed Sea Fixing Swords immediately scattered the puppets.

The seventeen puppets paused for a moment.

Then, cracks gradually appeared on their bodies.

"Fatty! Something's not right!" Xiao Heng shouted.

"Tian... " A sudden ancient and mechanical voice echoed from the cave.

"Damn it! How come there's nothing?" Ye Feipeng's extremely frustrated voice also sounded at the same time.

He turned into a thin line and dashed out of the depths of the cave without looking back.

"Run!"

While fleeing, he shouted anxiously.

Xiao Heng had never seen Fatty so scared before.

His heart trembled, and without hesitation, he burst out with his spiritual energy.

The Sea Fixing Swords, like a torrential rain of pear blossoms, forced the seventeen puppets to retreat.

Xiao Heng followed closely behind Ye Feipeng, escaping from Tian Yang Cave.

"Yang..."

Before leaving, Xiao Heng heard the sound of something shattering.

"Keep running, as far as you can!" Ye Feipeng's fearful voice came from beside him.

Xiao Heng's heart tightened, and he followed the plump but extremely agile figure of Ye Feipeng, escaping in a sorry state.

Shortly after Xiao Heng and Ye Feipeng left, a small team of more than a dozen people happened to arrive at the entrance of Tian Yang Cave.

"This time, with True Lord Gouxuan leading the way, exploring a small Golden Core cave is sure to be a piece of cake," praised a Golden Core cultivator in the team.

"Hahaha, let's go! I want to see if the puppets in this cave are really that amazing!" True Lord Gouxuan laughed heartily and walked into the cave first.

What greeted him was a giant black hand full of cracks.

...

"Tian Yang's soul..."

"Not weaker than man!"

Thick smoke rose to the sky as the underwater volcano repeatedly erupted.

In the face of this terrifying power, the Golden Core cultivators had no resistance.

This exploration team, just a second ago, had smiles on their faces.

The next moment, they mysteriously and inexplicably vanished from this world.

The towering Tian Yang puppet stood tall, roaring angrily.

After discerning the direction, it took a big stride towards Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 229: Eternal Remembrance


Soul Transformation stage cultivators unleashing attacks without restraint were capable of causing massive destruction to an entire province.

As the Tian Yang Puppet appeared, it unsurprisingly attracted the attention of Ten Thousand Immortals Island's True Monarch Hongxi.

The intense battle between the two Soul Transformation experts captured the gazes of countless cultivators in the vicinity.

Xiao Heng and Ye Feipeng, who had finally escaped to a safe location after their chaotic retreat, were now watching from a distance with pale faces.

Even though they were far away, the shockwaves from the battle still made it challenging for the two small Qi Condensation cultivators to maintain their balance.

It was easy to imagine how terrifying the power of Soul Transformation was, considering the impact of each move.

Thinking about how he had recklessly tested himself against the puppet not long ago, Xiao Heng couldn't help but swallow hard.

"Fatty, don't involve me in such matters next time. I still want to live a few more years," Xiao Heng said slowly, looking at Ye Feipeng.

Ye Feipeng also wore a look of despondency, as if greatly affected.

"I mustered my courage and risked my life by charging in headfirst, but didn't find any treasures at all. Why is a Soul Transformation expert so poor?" Fatty sighed as he watched the enraged Tian Yang Puppet in the distance.

"Did you really find nothing?" Xiao Heng doubted.

Ye Feipeng became agitated, "When did you become so skeptical? You don't believe what I say anymore?"

"Moreover, I have nothing to lie to you for. Look for yourself. I'm broke; there's nowhere else to hide things." With that, he tossed his storage ring towards Xiao Heng.

Complaining, Ye Feipeng added, "The cave was as barren as a rock. Apart from a child's remains, there was nothing. I searched over and over, and it was barren every time."

"You were making a commotion outside, and with the Tian Yang Puppet about to appear, adhering to the principle of not leaving anything behind, I hurriedly grabbed the remains and escaped."

"After all the hustle, all I got was a skeleton. What bad luck!"

Xiao Heng, after scanning the contents of the storage ring, also wore a disdainful expression. "Not finding treasures is one thing, but why bring this skeleton out?"

"How many years it has been dead? It looks like it died younger than us. I wonder if it has any connection with that Soul Transformation puppet."

Xiao Heng handed the storage ring back to Ye Feipeng.

Suddenly having a whimsical idea, Ye Feipeng said, "Maybe we can use this skeleton to patch up that skull."

"Since they're both skeletons, maybe if we feed it to the skull, it might really help in recovering its injuries."

Xiao Heng's expression became serious, "Don't joke about Senior!"

Seeing Xiao Heng's seriousness, Ye Feipeng rolled his eyes but didn't argue.

After contemplating for a moment, Ye Feipeng suggested, "The commotion caused this time is not small. Let's go back to the deserted island and hide for a while. We'll come out when the storm settles."

Nodding, Xiao Heng said, "Yes, not long after we escaped from that cave, it seems the second exploration team from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance entered, as you mentioned."

"A Nascent Soul stage cultivator and more than ten Golden Core cultivators. All gone."

"If it weren't for the death announcements in the sky, I doubt anyone would know how they died. Tsk, tsk."

Feeling emotional, Xiao Heng sighed.

Ye Feipeng, however, seemed bewildered. "Is that so? I was too busy running for my life; I didn't pay attention to the sky."

"But it seems that team really couldn't escape death. I triggered Tian Yang in advance, but they still ended up going into the cave..."

Fatty seemed to be enlightened, his eyes lowering into deep thought.

True Monarch Ziyun made a move soon after, and the Cong Yun Sea returned to calm.

The two of them quietly returned to the deserted island. However, Ye Feipeng seemed absent-minded throughout the journey.

"Oh right, Fatty, give me the remains you found," Xiao Heng suddenly said.

"Sure." Absent-minded, Ye Feipeng subconsciously took out the skeleton from the storage ring.

After handing it to Xiao Heng, he suddenly came to his senses, feeling inexplicably puzzled. "What are you going to do with this? I was planning to see if the bones are hard enough to be polished into a spiritual weapon later."

Xiao Heng solemnly replied, "After thinking it over, I find your words somewhat reasonable."

"Hehe, my words have always been..."

"Wait, you're not really going to feed these remains to that skull, are you?" Ye Feipeng reacted and immediately looked at Xiao Heng as if looking at an idiot.

"Maybe." Xiao Heng was nonchalant and urged, "Fatty, hurry up, give me the remains."

Ye Feipeng had some hidden reluctance in his heart and hesitated.

Seeing this, Xiao Heng became a little unhappy, "With your talent, what useful spiritual weapons can you build with bones? Forget it, this time, I'll owe you a favor. When there is an opportunity in the future, I will repay you!"

Ye Feipeng's face immediately became a bit embarrassed by this provocation.

He pretended to be generous and said, "Hmph, I was just saying it casually. It's just a useless skeleton, would I take it seriously? What a joke! Here you go!"

Xiao Heng happily accepted the remains, performed a ritual, and headed to the White Bone Realm.

Although Ye Feipeng was a little disappointed, he was still young and didn't think too much about it.

Once again, he immersed himself in the insight into the "fated death."

In the pre-expedition realm, Xiao Heng carefully placed the skeleton down, softly calling out to his senior.

Unfortunately, there was no response.

Although Xiao Heng felt a bit regretful, he didn't retrieve the remains but left them where he initially found his senior's skull, hoping it would be of assistance.

He then quietly departed.

Not long after Xiao Heng left, Li Fan's avatar revealed itself.

Looking at the skeleton lying on the ground, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sense of amusement.

"This kid, he doesn't really think this thing is useful, does he?"

Li Fan had been closely monitoring Ye Feipeng with Formless Killing Intent throughout.

From the Vision of Heaven and Earth, this was indeed just an ordinary human skeleton.

"But, his intentions are genuine. This kid has always been pure-hearted."

"Compared to him, that fatty Ye Feipeng is much worse."

To not disappoint the child's good intentions, Li Fan intended to put away the skeleton and deal with it later.

However, the moment his clone made contact with the skeleton, Li Fan's expression subtly changed.

"This feeling is..."

With a serious expression, he carefully examined it again.

However, after examining it for a long time, he still couldn't find anything unusual.

"Strange..."

"Where does this unusual feeling come from?"

Li Fan frowned, muttering to himself.

Unwilling to give up, he repeatedly studied it for half a day but still found nothing.

"A pure cultivator skeleton, there's absolutely no mistake about that. It's not some disguised treasure."

"But that strange feeling in my heart wouldn't arise for no reason."

"So where is the problem?"

Li Fan put down the skull, lightly placed his hand on it, closed his eyes, and carefully sensed the feeling in his heart.

After a long time, he slowly felt a hint of something.

"This feeling is somewhat similar to when I first encountered the Heavenly Spirit."

"Is it..."

"Hunger?"

"No, it's not that I'm hungry. It's..."

Li Fan figured out something and a hint of unusual brilliance flashed in his eyes.

"[Truth] is hungry."

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan's original self, who was in seclusion practicing, suddenly stood up.

The ritual was set up in an instant. In the blink of an eye, he arrived in the White Bone Realm.

As he touched the remains of the young cultivator, the notification sound of [Truth] echoed in Li Fan's mind.

"Discovered an absorbable item: Eternal Remembrance."

"Do you want to absorb it?"

A tremendous sense of joy surged into Li Fan's heart.

Ever since he discovered more than six hundred years ago that Heavenly Treasures could recharge [Truth], Li Fan had finally found the second type of item useful for [Truth].

"Heavenly Treasures can increase the charging progress of anchors and unlock additional anchor points."

"I wonder what use this Eternal Remembrance has."

Taking a deep breath, Li Fan forcefully suppressed the immediate urge to absorb it.

After collecting the remains, Li Fan returned to the Tianxuan Mirror, made some preparations, and then quietly left Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

In the previous life, the Heavenly Doctor's act of forcibly breaking into the Tianxuan Mirror had left Li Fan with a considerable psychological shadow.

But at the same time, it made Li Fan understand that the Tianxuan Mirror was not absolutely safe.

If anything abnormal occurred during the absorption of the Eternal Remembrance by [Truth], it would be even more dangerous within the Tianxuan Mirror, which was filled with cultivators.

It was safer to randomly find a secluded and uninhabited place outside to isolate oneself.

Ordinary cultivation in daily life was one thing, but when it involved [Truth], Li Fan decided to be more careful.

Choosing a random teleportation formation, he left Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

After leaving the island and flying for a long time, he arrived at a rarely-visited sea area.

Li Fan plunged into the sea with his head covered.

While activating a Concealing Form Talisman, he transformed [Truth] into the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart and operated the Heart Changing Technique.

After changing his appearance, Li Fan found a deep trench in the sea floor and dived into it.

Instead of diving to the deepest part, he carved out a large hole into the trench wall.

He dug deep into the rock for several kilometers before stopping.

After creating a space deep within the earth, Li Fan turned around and sealed the passage he had dug.

At the same time, he used a secret technique from the Sun Stealing Technique to conceal the traces.

Returning to the hollow, he set up protective formations around.

After all the arrangements were in place, Li Fan took out the skeleton once again.

"Discovered an absorbable item: Eternal Remembrance."

"Do you want to absorb it?"

[Truth]'s prompt sound echoed again.

This time, Li Fan chose yes.

The surrounding space instantly became illusory.

The bones on the ground gradually decomposed into a crystal-clear white light which Li Fan absorbed.

The moment the remains completely disappeared, Li Fan's mind shook violently.

"Tian Yang's soul, not weaker than man!"

The stubborn voice of a young child echoed continuously in his ears.

Afterward, Li Fan's vision darkened, and he lost consciousness.

He didn't know how long it took before he gradually woke up.

At first, his eyes seemed a bit confused, but they quickly regained clarity.

Just now, he seemed to have experienced an extremely vivid dream.

No, rather than calling it a dream, it was more like truly inhabiting another person's life.

Through this perspective, he lived through a long life.

During this process, he could only see and hear, unable to control the body to make any movements.

Furthermore, his own mental activity was suppressed to the lowest.

From start to finish, Li Fan didn't even realize that something was wrong.

And when Li Fan woke up, everything he had experienced quickly receded like a tidal wave.

He couldn't remember what exactly he had gone through.

Only some vague images remained, rapidly fading away.

Li Fan didn't persist in trying to recall what had happened during the contact with the Eternal Remembrance.

Because the prompt from [Truth] had appeared once again.

"Although mortals may die, the Eternal Remembrance lives forever."

"Eternal Remembrance (Tian Yang Mortal) absorption completed."

"Current usage count: 3."

At the same time, many pieces of information naturally surfaced in Li Fan's mind.

Li Fan squinted his eyes, carefully sensing.

"Consuming usage counts can simulate the construction of memory scenes within the Eternal Remembrance."

"Everything in the scene is indistinguishable from reality."

"But to bring back items and information from the scene to reality, it requires dissolving the obsession that maintains the Eternal Remembrance..."

"Why does this manifestation resemble the Fallen Immortal Realm so much?"

Li Fan was slightly stunned.

"Fallen Immortal, Eternal Remembrance..."

Li Fan pondered for a moment and faintly developed some reasonable speculation.

"Dissolving obsession? Maybe next time I enter the Fallen Immortal Realm, I can try to approach it from this perspective."

Temporarily suppressing these thoughts, Li Fan continued to feel the information feedback from [Truth].

"In the simulated scene, I will completely replace the owner of the Eternal Remembrance."

"At the same time, I will also synchronously receive relevant memories and abilities of the Eternal Remembrance owner."

"Hmm... consistent with the Fallen Immortal Realm."

"After the consumption of all the usage counts, the Eternal Remembrance will completely disappear."

"Perhaps it can be understood this way: [Truth] uses the energy contained in Eternal Remembrance to simulate the construction of a miniature Fallen Immortal Realm."

"Each simulation construction requires energy consumption."

"When the energy is exhausted, Eternal Remembrance will dissipate."

"However..."

Li Fan's mind stirred.

According to [Truth]'s prompt, Eternal Remembrance cannot be used as a bound item.

However, after returning to the anchor point, he could find the carrier of the Eternal Remembrance again and absorb it once more.

"Perhaps other cultivators in this realm can use this Eternal Remembrance through different methods."

"But for them, the usage counts are limited. Once they cannot bring back the opportunities within the specified number of times..."

"The Eternal Remembrance would be wasted for them."

"As for me, its usage counts..."

"Infinite."

Thinking of this, Li Fan no longer hesitated and activated [Truth]'s "Mimicry" function.

A familiar sensation came.

As if someone had put a sack over his head, Li Fan's vision darkened, and he instantly lost consciousness.

...

"Tian Yang! Tian Yang!"

A somewhat old voice gently called out in Li Fan's ears.

"Tian Yang, it's time to take the medicine..."

A bowl of strange-tasting soup was poured into his mouth.

It felt like a fire was burning in his stomach, and the immense pain instantly woke Li Fan up.

Weakness.

Extreme weakness.

Weakness as if he would die at any moment.

This was Li Fan's first perception after waking up.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 230: Ancient Body Transformation Dao


Accompanying the overwhelming sense of weakness was the intermittent memory belonging to Tian Yang himself.

Master is a good person.

Eldest Senior Brother is handsome and also a good person.

Second Senior Brother is a bit weird but also a good person.

Third Senior Brother is silent but is the best person.

...

What a mess.

Li Fan spent a long time sorting out the chaotic memories of Tian Yang.

He was picked up by his master from the wilderness and raised.

Since childhood, he was weak and sickly, needing to take medicine every day to maintain his health.

Fortunately, although the number of people in the sect was not large, all his senior brothers were exceptionally kind and doting.

...

Struggling to lift his head, Li Fan, now in the body of a five or six-year-old child, finally understood what was going on.

Children have simple minds.

And because Tian Yang's body was very weak, his activities were limited to the small mountain gate.

Furthermore, he spent most of his time in deep sleep.

It was normal for his memories to only involve people close to him.

"I don't even know the names of my master and senior brothers."

"As for the sect and the Ancient Body Transformation Dao..."

Li Fan, who had understood the general situation, was about to prop up his body to observe the surroundings.

A wave of fatigue suddenly surged to his heart.

"The little guy's physique is really weak to an absurd extent." This thought flashed through Li Fan's mind, and he fell into a deep sleep again.

In a daze, he didn't know how much time had passed.

Li Fan seemed to hear a series of urgent and continuous bell sounds.

He wanted to open his eyes but was unable to do so at all.

Once again, he fell into another deep sleep.

Next, Li Fan was awakened by the conversation coming from his ears.

"What nonsense is this Immortal Recruitment Order? Why bother with it! Those major sects' members number in the thousands, and sending a few people is no big deal."

"However, we only have so few people studying the Ancient Body Transformation Dao. Why should we go to the front line? What kind of logic is this?"

It sounded like Second Senior Brother. He had a strange temperament and a straightforward character, always saying whatever he wanted.

"Nonsense! The Immortal Recruitment Order jointly issued by the top ten immortal sects can't be ignored just because you say so! Haven't you heard that the nearby Starfire Dao was wiped out because they refused to obey orders?!"

"To be honest, the Starfire Dao is much stronger than our Ancient Body Transformation Dao."

"This brat doesn't know the immensity of heaven and earth, talking nonsense all the time!"

"In the past, we could afford to ignore such matters. But times have changed, Ling Xiao. You must be cautious in your words and deeds, lest you bring trouble to the sect!"

The old voice sounded somewhat helpless, reprimanding in a deep voice.

It was the same as the one who fed him medicine earlier: it was the sect master, the leader of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao.

Second Senior Brother, Ling Xiao, remained silent.

An awkward silence filled the room.

A cynical voice broke the silence.

"I'll go. After all, I'm the eldest senior brother."

"Just as well, let those barbarians see how sharp my sword is."

"Si Xing..." The master sighed, patting the shoulder of the eldest senior brother.

Eldest Senior Brother walked to the bedside, seemingly examining Tian Yang, who was possessed by Li Fan.

After a long time, he spoke, "Ah, it's a pity that I can't wait for Junior Brother to wake up and bid him farewell."

Li Fan felt a stir in his heart and was about to open his eyes to speak when he suddenly felt a wave of fatigue sweeping over his body again.

Unable to resist, he fell into a drowsy sleep once more.

After an unknown period, Li Fan woke up again.

This time, his spirit was much better, and he could at least get out of bed and move around with some effort.

"Master! Master!" Li Fan called out softly.

Silence surrounded him, and no one was in sight.

"Junior Brother Tian Yang, are you awake?" A man in white rushed over upon hearing the voice.

He had disheveled hair and bloodshot eyes.

"Second Senior Brother, what happened to you?"

"Where are Master, Eldest Senior Brother, and Third Senior Brother? Why can't I see them?" Li Fan couldn't help asking.

Ling Xiao forced a smile, "Don't worry, they're all discussing matters in the main hall."

"Look, this is the puppet I promised to give you. I went through a lot of trouble to exchange it with someone else." He took out a small humanoid puppet and handed it over.

Li Fan took the puppet, carefully observed it, and found that its shape and appearance were quite similar to the Tian Yang Puppet seen in the future.

"With this puppet, if you're tired and can't walk, you can let it carry you everywhere. You won't have to ride on Eldest Senior Brother every time..." Ling Xiao said, gradually lowering his voice.

Li Fan looked up and saw that Second Senior Brother's eyes had turned red.

"Second Senior Brother..."

"Hehe, it's okay. You play with the puppet here for a while. I have to discuss matters with Master and the others." Saying this, Ling Xiao patted Li Fan's head and turned away.

After a while, Li Fan quietly followed.

However, the door to the main hall was tightly closed, and it seemed to be protected by restrictions, making it impossible to see what was happening inside.

Helpless, Li Fan decided to explore other places within the sect.

Suddenly, he thought of something. Li Fan manipulated Tian Yang's young body and struggled to reach the sect's ancestral hall.

Using all his strength, Li Fan finally pushed open the heavy door.

In the spirit tablets at the bottom, Li Fan found the one belonging to Eldest Senior Brother, Si Xing.

After contemplating for a moment, Li Fan paid his respects, slowly withdrew, and closed the door again.

He wanted to go elsewhere, but the feeling of exhaustion in his body struck again.

As if he had been starving for several days and nights, Li Fan's whole body began to tremble uncontrollably.

"Tian Yang's body seems to have some hidden ailment, it's not just an ordinary weakness."

Even walking became a problem. With a determined heart, Li Fan tried to control the small puppet in his hand.

In an instant, the originally toy-sized puppet turned into the size of an adult.

Under Li Fan's command, the puppet lifted him back to the room.

"This puppet seems to be just a little stronger than an ordinary person, and doesn't have any cultivation."

Lying on the bed, Li Fan thought about this, and then he couldn't hold on any longer, slowly falling asleep again.

After a while, Li Fan was awakened by a thunderous sound.

"Esteemed envoy, please spare our Ancient Body Transformation Dao."

"Including me, the Ancient Body Transformation Dao only has five people in total."

"In just a few years, two of my disciples have tragically died on the front lines."

"If this continues, before the enemy arrives, the heritage of my Ancient Body Transformation Dao will be severed!"

The master's desolate voice continued to narrate.

But the other party seemed completely indifferent, "Don't complain to me. I've seen sects far worse off than yours, so what?"

"Within seven days, you must send another person to join."

"Otherwise..."

"Whether one dies or all of you die, you choose!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 231: Unyielding Throughout Life


The response from the other side was a deathly silence.

After a moment, the voice softened, offering gentle persuasion, "Guang Yangzi, you should understand that below a fallen nest, no intact eggs remain."

"It's not that we, the Ten Great Immortal Sects, are forcing you. The situation on the battlefield is dire, and we have reached a critical moment."

"You small mountain sects may be miserable, but us leaders are not much better, you know?"

"I won't hide it from you; in our Heavenly Sword Sect, more than half of the masters and brothers of my generation alone have died in battle."

"I'm afraid that soon, I will also have to personally join the battle."

"At this stage of the war, there is no turning back."

After a long time, Guang Yangzi sighed, "I understand, old man."

"This time, let me go."

"Master!" A slightly hoarse voice exclaimed, about to say something, but Guang Yangzi interrupted.

"My decision is made, no need to dissuade me!"

"Good! Courageous! Since that's the case, I won't stay for long. Remember, within seven days, you must go to Cong Yun Mountain and join us."

After the envoy left, Guang Yangzi said to Third Senior Brother, "Lian Chang, come with me. Before we leave, there's something I need to tell you."

"Yes, Master." Lian Chang choked out.

The sound gradually faded away.

Li Fan fell into a deep slumber again.

...

"Tian Yang, Tian Yang!"

"It's time to take your medicine. These recent herbs are distributed by those major sects. They are of much higher quality than what you used to take."

In Li Fan's impression, the usually silent Third Senior Brother suddenly became talkative. He fed Tian Yang medicine while sharing some interesting stories and rumors from the cultivation world.

"Third Senior Brother, is Master not coming back like Eldest Senior Brother and Second Senior Brother? Li Fan suddenly asked.

Lian Chang's movements suddenly froze.

After a moment, he forced a smile and said, "Junior Brother, don't think too much. Resting and recuperating is the priority."

"Master will definitely come back."

"Definitely."

Lian Chang repeated this sentence as if trying to convince himself.

Li Fan nodded.

After the medicine went down, a warm sensation spread through his abdomen, providing much comfort.

As drowsiness engulfed him again, Li Fan fell into a deep sleep.

...

"Bang!"

"Bang!"

Li Fan was awakened by the sounds of a fight.

Third Senior Brother's voice echoed from a distance, "Every time they say it's the final battle, a critical moment."

"How long has it been, how many people have died!"

"It never ends!"

"I won't go. You can kill me!"

"Anyway, going to the front line means death!"

The other person's voice was filled with exhaustion, "Lian Chang, don't force me to take action."

"Do you think you can die just because you want to? Turning you into an immortal puppet to fight in battle is also a way for me to fulfill my mission."

"However, your Master, Guang Yangzi, saved my life on the battlefield. Before he died, I promised him to take care of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao as much as I could."

"This time, I personally came to explain to you. It's already my benevolence."

"Otherwise, you would have been taken away directly."

"Make good use of the remaining time and say whatever needs to be said."

"That little guy named Tian Yang, Guang Yangzi also mentioned him to me."

"His physique is extremely compatible with your sect's Ancient Body Transformation Dao. As long as he can survive the tribulation, he will undoubtedly revitalize the Ancient Body Transformation Dao."

"I know that the Ancient Body Transformation Dao has indeed sacrificed a lot," the envoy continued.

"When the war is won, during the merits distribution, I will apply to grant Tian Yang an extra Tai Shang Foundation Establishment Pill. This pill will help him change his fate, reforge his physique through marrow cleansing, and reshape his constitution."

"This is a peerless divine medicine of the Tai Shang Sect, and even ordinary inner disciples of the Tai Shang Sect are not qualified to take it."

Under the continuous words of the envoy, Lian Chang was finally persuaded.

"I am willing to follow you to the front lines. However, I have a condition. I want this Tai Shang Foundation Establishment Pill before I depart," Lian Chang said resolutely.

"My junior brother's body is too weak, and he is always in a deep sleep. Without this pill to change his fate, he cannot take care of himself."

"You..."

The envoy sighed.

After a long time, he said slowly, "Alright, I'll go and try."

After the envoy left, Lian Chang approached Li Fan, seemingly saying a lot of things.

However, in Li Fan's drowsy state, he couldn't hear anything clearly.

After some time, Li Fan heard Lian Chang's excited voice, "Junior Brother, quickly take this pill."

"After taking it, you will recover to normal."

Lian Chang fed the Tai Shang Foundation Establishment Pill to Li Fan, observed for a moment, and seemed to breathe a sigh of relief.

Another familiar voice sounded, "Alright, since the pill is fine, let's set off as soon as possible."

"If we delay the final battle, I can't guarantee your safety."

Lian Chang patted Li Fan's head.

"Junior Brother, take care."

Footsteps gradually receded, and the gate closed with a bang.

From then on, the Ancient Body Transformation Dao fell into absolute silence.

As Li Fan lay on the bed, half-asleep and half-awake, he felt the medicinal power of the Tai Shang Foundation Establishment Pill continuously radiating in his belly.

Waves of heat flowed through his meridians, transforming his physique.

It was more potent than all the previous medicines combined.

Strength gradually returned to his body.

Li Fan fell into a deep sleep once again.

When he woke up, he found a long-lost vitality filling his body.

His mind also became much clearer.

Reflecting on what had happened to him since possessing Tian Yang's body, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a bit helpless.

The weakness of this body far exceeded Li Fan's imagination.

This made him unable to make any effective plans or strategies.

He could only watch the "plot" unfold, just like the original Tian Yang.

"It seems that this first attempt is inevitably going to fail."

"But I didn't expect to gain anything on the first try anyway."

"Consider it as gathering information."

With these thoughts, Li Fan explored the Ancient Body Transformation Dao's cave.

Other than the jade slip left by Third Senior Brother, he didn't find anything valuable.

The entrance to the cave was tightly sealed, and it couldn't be opened from the inside.

After observing for a moment, Li Fan faintly sensed, "This seems to be a restriction imposed by the Ancient Body Transformation Dao itself, rather than an issue with the restriction being too strong."

"Can I only stay in this space..."

After pondering for a while, Li Fan returned to the room and started reading the contents of the jade slip.

In addition to the inheritance of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao, there was also a message of encouragement from Third Senior Brother to Tian Yang.

"Junior Brother, cultivate well at home and wait for my return."

"Master said that once your body recovers, your cultivation talent will not lose to anyone."

"Including those direct disciples of those Ten Great Immortal Sects."

"Come on, I'm counting on you. When you achieve cultivation success in the future, I'm counting on you to be my backer!"

...

After putting down the jade slip, Li Fan remained silent for a long time.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 232: Endless Calamities


"Exceptional cultivation talent, huh..."

"Perhaps Third Senior Brother only wanted to encourage Tian Yang before he died."

"If Tian Yang's talent were truly astonishing, how could he have stopped at the Golden Core stage during his lifetime?"

"He needed to absorb and refine the earth's power for thousands of years just to barely achieve Soul Transformation."

"He took an unconventional approach and deviated from the norm. Although he eventually became a Soul Transformation cultivator, it definitely had nothing to do with extraordinary talent."

Li Fan shook his head and sighed to himself.

After a while, Li Fan began to summarize the information he had gained during this period.

Initially, when he first entered the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, he learned from Qin Tang and the Gu Daoist about a massive and extremely brutal war that occurred in ancient times.

Although he couldn't find any relevant records in the Tianxuan Mirror, possibly due to the influence of those powerhouses above to cause cultivators to forget tragedies, the horrifying war scenes mentioned in "Seeking Immortals" hinted at the existence of such a war.

From the Eternal Remembrance of Tian Yang, Li Fan gained a deeper understanding of the cruelty of this war.

Even the small mountain sects in the cultivation world at that time were almost completely annihilated.

It could be imagined how devastating this war was.

Who were the two sides in the war? And what were they fighting for?

Tian Yang's eldest senior brother, Si Xing, had disdainfully referred to the other side in the conflict as "barbarians."

But judging from the results, the strength of the opposing side was definitely not weak.

Although the Ten Great Immortal Sects ultimately emerged victorious, it could only be described as a disastrous victory.

Li Fan, having encountered powerful Dao Integration cultivators in his reincarnations, knew how terrifying they were.

However, during ancient times, Dao Integration powerhouses were not rare. In fact, they were quite numerous in those powerful sects.

Not to mention, the Ten Great Immortal Sects undoubtedly had the presence of Longevity Immortals.

Just thinking about it made it clear that when these sects united, they formed a formidable force.

What kind of enemy could push cultivators to such a desperate situation? Li Fan was full of doubts.

The truth was hidden in the fog of history. Even with so many opportunities, Li Fan had only glimpsed a small part of it.

To truly understand what happened back then, Li Fan needed more information.

Thinking of this, Li Fan quietly suppressed the scattered thoughts about the ancient war in his mind and turned his attention to another matter.

"In the 'Ancient War Era,' sects prospered. The alliance of the Ten Great Immortal Sects held absolute dominion over the entire cultivation world."

"Even in the jade slip left by Senior Brother Lian Chang, there is no record of the new law of plundering the heavens and earth."

"So it can be inferred that the Ancient War Era should have been before the Immortal Ancestor's teachings."

"Perhaps it was precisely because of this Ancient War that these ancient sects suffered significant damage to their vitality."

"The Immortal Ancestor's new law could only develop fully in the space created by this war."

"With the arrival of this reform period, the new law eventually replaced the old ones."

"However, over the years, the cultivation world returned to its former glory."

"Yet, as cultivators plundered the heavens and the earth, they faced the backlash of the heavens and the earth. Cultivators could not practice the same technique, and the 'Great Calamity Era' suddenly arrived."

"In the early stages of the Great Calamity Era, inevitable conflicts occurred, but the overall order could still be maintained."

"But as time passed, more and more cultivators approached their lifespan limits, and collapse became inevitable."

"At this critical moment, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma erupted. This is what they call the 'Great Plague Era.'"

"Faced with the threat of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, cultivators had to temporarily halt the mutual slaughter and seek ways to solve the problem of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma."

"The mass slaughter of mortals was ineffective, so they could only relocate them to nearby subworlds."

"When this world was devoid of mortals, the problem of Immortal-Mortal Miasma was completely resolved."

"True chaos and slaughter arrived. The orthodox order of the cultivation world, which had lasted for countless years, collapsed overnight. Everything fell apart, and cultivators became like ants, struggling for survival."

"This period was the 'Great Dark Age.'"

"Even the darkest days will always pass. When the number of cultivators dropped to a minimum, the slaughter finally ceased."

"At this point, the cultivation world had already become a Desolate. Only solitary cultivators, who had survived the Great Dark Age, lived in this desolate land."

"This period can be referred to as the 'Desolate Age.'"

"After that, the establishment of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association heralded the emergence of a new cultivation order in the Xuanhuang Realm."

Li Fan organized various observations since entering the cultivation world.

A clear historical progression slowly emerged.

"The vitality of the cultivator civilization is truly tenacious." Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

"Even after experiencing so many calamities, after nearly going extinct, they can still sprout and grow anew from the ruins."

Thinking ahead, Li Fan realized that his future opponents might be old monsters who had survived each of those calamitous periods one after another.

Li Fan couldn't help but feel his scalp tingling.

However, he was fearless.

"I can fail countless times."

"But no matter what cultivation level you guys are at, as long as you guys fail once, you guys have completely lost."

"What do I have to fear?"

"I will execute those who obstruct my longevity."

Li Fan had already understood that this new order in the Xuanhuang Realm was somewhat similar to the fish gambling.

Just becoming the new fish king was not enough to survive.

He also had to evade the collective hunting of those ancient fish kings who were watching eagerly before he could truly have the qualifications to control his destiny.

His thoughts gradually calmed.

The world of [Truth]'s simulation was not over yet.

Li Fan speculated that Tian Yang's 'plot' had not yet concluded.

Moreover, in this world similar to the Fallen Immortal Realm, time flow was not consistent with the real world.

Li Fan was in no hurry to leave.

He decided to stay in the cave and use Tian Yang's body to cultivate the Ancient Body Transformation Dao.

Practicing the ancient method was a novel experience for Li Fan.

Unlike the direct and brutal nature of the new law, the old method emphasized understanding the cultivation technique itself and contemplating the Dao.

Compared to the mechanical and repetitive cultivation process of the new law, Li Fan found the practice of the old method to be more enjoyable.

Of course, this was because Li Fan's current body could cultivate.

For an ordinary person without the aptitude for cultivation, it would not be so enjoyable.

Without the need for rare Heavenly Treasures, Li Fan broke through to the Foundation Establishment stage after reaching perfection of Qi Condensation.

Following a natural progression, Li Fan advanced rapidly, reaching the mid-Foundation Establishment, late-Foundation Establishment...

Until he finally stopped after achieving the perfection of Foundation Establishment.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 233: External Body Transformation


Li Fan had no experience in the formation of the Golden Core.

Furthermore, the jade slip left by Third Senior Brother had very little description on this matter.

In his ignorance, Li Fan had to explore and try on his own.

Core formation, whether in the ancient or modern cultivation world, is an extremely difficult process.

The disparity in strength before and after core formation is like night and day.

Hence the saying, "Upon forming a golden core, my destiny is controlled by me."

Li Fan took advantage of this rare opportunity to try the method of core formation on someone else's body, paving the way for his own cultivation.

While immersed in cultivation, unaware of the passing time, a loud explosion startled him.

"Boom!"

The gate of the cave shook as if continuously bombarded.

The entire cave trembled instantly.

Li Fan had to stop his cultivation and be on guard.

Before long, the gate was shattered.

A group of people also broke in simultaneously.

"This is it, the cave of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao."

"Brothers, is the place I found suitable?"

"Abundant spiritual energy, treacherous terrain, easy to defend and difficult to attack."

"It's a great place to establish a sect."

"They say all the disciples of the sect died in the previous battle, so it's a good deal for us."

"Clever, saved us a lot of effort..."

Seven cultivators with different attire and a fierce appearance conversed with each other.

As if they were at their own homes, they casually strolled around the cave.

"Wait a minute, it seems like there's still someone inside?"

"Be vigilant!"

The cave of Ancient Body Transformation Dao was just a small place.

Inevitably, not long after, they discovered Li Fan's presence.

The group immediately surrounded Li Fan tightly.

With a glance, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sinking feeling.

Two were in the Golden Core stage, and five were in the Foundation Establishment stage.

"It seems that this journey of core formation is going to end here," Li Fan thought to himself.

The people across from him, looking at Li Fan who was surrounded in the middle, showed hesitation and began to communicate.

"Boss, what should we do? It seems like Ancient Body Transformation Dao Sect still left a little kid to guard the place."

"Humph, after finally finding such a decent cave, how could we just let it go like this?"

"Second brother is right. In my opinion, we should just kill this kid. No one will know."

"This doesn't seem right. He looks like he's only five or six years old. Why not just drive him away?"

"A woman's kindness! If we let him go, he might spread the news everywhere about us forcibly taking over his cave."

"Moreover, a five or six-year-old in the Foundation Establishment stage has a frightening talent for cultivation. In a few years, when he reaches the Golden Core stage or even the Nascent Soul stage, he might come back for revenge..."

"Sixth brother has a point, just kill him directly!"

"But the Ten Great Immortal Sects jointly issued a prohibition order, commanding us to recuperate and forbidding killing. If someone finds out, we might be captured for forced mating..."

The discussion left everyone pale, and the fierce expressions in their eyes became panicked.

In the end, the leader of the group made the final decision.

"Since it has come to this, there's no argument for leaving. I would have some reservations in killing a Golden Core cultivator, but a Foundation Establishment cultivator? He can't even be considered cannon fodder."

"Even if the Immortal Sects find out, they won't really do anything to us!"

"Attack!"

The leader ordered, but he himself remained motionless.

The five Foundation Establishment cultivators exchanged glances.

Helplessly, not daring to defy the order, they took out their respective spiritual weapons and attacked Li Fan.

"Although it's true that they have an absolute advantage in strength, they didn't ask for my opinion from beginning to end."

"Perhaps they are underestimating me too much..."

A murderous intent flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

"I originally wanted to go back directly, but now, I might as well have some fun with you."

Three swords, an iron hammer, and a small seal.

Five different spiritual weapons emitted light, all flying towards Li Fan at the same time.

Li Fan's figure remained still as he activated the secret technique of Ancient Body Transformation Dao.

His spiritual consciousness detached, transforming into five and attaching to the five spiritual weapons.

With a thought, Li Fan felt as if these five spiritual weapons had become a part of his own body.

Commanding them effortlessly, he manipulated them to attack the five Foundation Establishment cultivators.

"It turns out they are a bunch of ignorant fools who don't understand the art of spiritual weapon cultivation."

Li Fan sneered in his heart.

This secret technique in the Ancient Body Transformation Dao was called External Body Transformation.

It could influence and control the spiritual weapons of other cultivators, often having a miraculous effect in crucial moments of battle.

Of course, the effectiveness varied depending on the cultivator's control over their own spiritual weapons.

A situation like now, where Li Fan easily gained control over the spiritual weapons, rarely happened.

It could only mean that the other five had not even performed the most basic spiritual weapon refinement.

It was as if they had picked up the spiritual weapons from the ground and started using them directly.

There wasn't a shred of common sense at all.

The sudden reversal of the spiritual weapons caught the five off guard.

Amidst cries of surprise, they frantically attempted to resist.

The strength of these individuals was indeed mediocre, and in the chaos, they each suffered setbacks.

Naturally, Li Fan took advantage of their disarray.

Manipulating the five spiritual weapons, he launched continuous attacks like a violent storm.

Against the odds of one versus five, he unexpectedly rendered them powerless to fight back.

As victory seemed imminent, the leader among the seven could no longer sit still.

"What a group of useless people!" he cursed loudly.

Subsequently, he summoned a frost-emitting flying sword that was overflowing with light.

Carrying the formidable power of the Golden Core, it slashed towards Li Fan.

Li Fan moved his spiritual consciousness, attempting to control the flying sword.

However, it only paused briefly, and in the next instant, it pierced through Li Fan's body.

"The disparity in cultivation levels is too great. No secret technique can compensate for it."

The surroundings froze and then shattered one by one.

As if emerging from the depths of water in an instant, Li Fan returned to the real world.

In the [Truth] panel, the usage count for Eternal Remembrance had changed to two.

Attempting to recall the content of the "Ancient Body Transformation Dao" technique was futile.

However, his personal experiences were vividly imprinted in his mind.

After contemplating for a moment, Li Fan did not immediately make a second attempt.

Instead, after erasing all traces underwater, he returned to his original appearance.

Silently, he went back to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

"It seems that if I want to escape the situation, there are two places to start from."

"The first is to find a method to cure Tian Yang's weakened condition, participating in the plot development in the early stages. Given the variables, it might produce a different result."

"The second is to cultivate to the Golden Core realm during the period after taking the 'Tai Shang Foundation Establishment Pill.'"

"Defeating those seven people will unlock the subsequent plot."

"Well, no rush. Let's investigate what's going on with Tian Yang first."

At that moment, Li Fan searched for keywords in the Tianxuan Mirror.

Weakness, unconsciousness, a body that doesn't grow.

After a moment, dozens of pieces of information popped up.

"Fetus not fully developed, forcibly expelled from the body by a female cultivator..."

"Innate frailty, insufficient essence..."

"Needs a powerful tonic to replenish innate energy for treatment."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 234: Hidden Potential in the Human Body


"So, he's a premature baby."

"It's not that difficult to treat, but..."

Yin Yang Dragon Tiger Pill, Innate Qi Replenishing Pill, Essence Nurturing Pill...

Li Fan looked at the names of the required medicinal pills for treatment and the materials needed for alchemy, shaking his head silently.

"The small mountain sect of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao doesn't have any alchemy techniques. Moreover, it is quite impoverished, with limited resources. Even if we know these pills are effective, it's not guaranteed that we can find them."

"Besides, whether these pills existed thousands of years ago is still uncertain."

Li Fan went through all the remaining information, and the other common approach was to use Heavenly Treasures to replenish the deficient body.

However, none of them were suitable for the situation Tian Yang was in.

A cultivator with innate weakness to the extent of Tian Yang's condition was indeed very rare.

Since the establishment of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, there have been only a few such cases.

It could be considered a difficult case, and there weren't many references for Li Fan.

"Do I have to pursue the method of breaking through to the Golden Core realm after all?"

"Wait a moment, why did I forget about this!"

Li Fan was momentarily stunned, then suddenly realized.

Activating the Divine Transformation Dao, he quickly perused the "Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra" recorded in his mind.

Although Li Fan had memorized the entire medical scripture, the content of this medical book was too vast. Previously, it was stored in the blue crystal in his mind, and he couldn't use it at will with just a thought.

Because of this, he would instinctively overlook it.

The "Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra" was indeed profound, not disappointing Li Fan.

Soon, Li Fan found the description of the corresponding ailment.

"Excessive sleepiness, stunted growth, all such symptoms are due to insufficient innate essence and energy."

"To cure this condition, there are three methods."

"The first is supplementation, the second is peril, and the third is poison."

Li Fan went through the three methods in the medical scripture one by one, silently admiring.

"The path of medicine is truly not to be underestimated."

The so-called supplementation was the method Li Fan had found earlier in the Tianxuan Mirror, using Heavenly Treasures to supplement innate essence and energy.

The other two methods, "peril" and "poison," were intriguing.

According to the medical scripture, although those with this condition had innate deficiencies, as long as they survived for a year after birth, they would have a complete constitution and become a whole entity.

The human body contains infinite hidden potential, but ordinary means cannot stimulate or invoke it.

Only during deep sleep, ignorant and unconscious, could one instinctively harness the vitality within the body to make up for the innate deficiencies.

This was also why those with innate weaknesses often fell into prolonged periods of deep sleep.

The principles of the "peril" and "poison" treatment methods were based on this theoretical foundation.

The basic principle was the same, with "poison" being more extreme and "peril" being more conservative and moderate.

Both methods aimed to forcefully stimulate the body's potential vitality by taking drugs to eliminate the innate weakness.

If the vitality in the body was compared to water, then innate weakness was like a prolonged drought, leaving the land cracked and lacking water.

The body's hidden potential was like a vast reservoir upstream.

The method of "poison" was to directly explode the reservoir, taking a desperate chance and seeking survival amidst death.

It was suitable for desperate situations where there was no other choice.

The method of "peril" was to periodically open the floodgates, releasing water from time to time to replenish the body's essence and energy.

At the same time, it drew water from other rivers, using a dual approach.

...

"These two methods may seem unbelievable, but they have their own rationale."

"People often unleash far greater power in desperate situations."

"The hidden potential within the human body..."

"Could this be the Heavenly Doctor's path?"

"Perhaps, while practicing cultivation and deploying formations, it would be good to study the 'Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra.'"

Having found a solution, Li Fan didn't rush to use the Eternal Remembrance again.

Instead, he checked the sparring situation of Zhang Qianmo in "Discussing Dao While Seated."

"Ninety-eight wins, twenty-eight draws."

Still, no winner had emerged.

As Zhang Qianmo's victories increased, he attracted more attention.

The challengers also grew stronger continuously.

One cultivator named "I Am Invincible" seemed to have created a character based on himself.

He had launched five or six challenges in a row.

Although he was defeated each time, the duration of the battles gradually increased.

After the last battle, he excitedly sent a message, claiming to have figured out a way to defeat Zhang Qianmo. Once he cultivated well, he would immediately come to challenge.

Li Fan was quite looking forward to this.

According to the explanation from [Truth] on using the Eternal Remembrance to simulate the creation of the world, Li Fan had an idea about why he had been trapped in Ningyuan City in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

"It should still be influenced by obsession. Just like being unable to leave Tian Yang Cave, without resolving the obsession, I'll never be able to leave Ningyuan City."

"As for who's obsession and what obsession..."

"At present, the biggest possibility is Zhang Qianmo."

"Perhaps defeating him could bring about some different changes."

"I hope this 'I Am Invincible' lives up to his name and doesn't disappoint me."

Closing "Discussing Dao While Seated," Li Fan then checked the situation on Xiao Heng's side.

Since receiving the guidance from "Senior Skull," Xiao Heng had already begun taking action.

Su Xiaomei officially entered the White Bone Realm and received Li Fan's "Six Desires Without Form."

Upon stepping into the Qi Condensation stage, her cultivation soared.

Su Changyu still hadn't completed the removal of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma in her body, but perhaps due to her young age, the progress was much faster than before. It was estimated that within a year or two, she could successfully draw in spiritual energy.

Xiao Heng brought the wandering Yin sisters to the deserted island and taught them the method to dispel the miasma.

The same went for Zhang Haobo.

However, during this process, there was a somewhat amusing episode that left Li Fan amused.

As Ye Feipeng had been wandering alone for many years, secretive about his activities, and often did not respond when Xiao Heng tried to contact him, Xiao Heng had to handle all these matters alone.

So, when Ye Feipeng returned with an excited expression, he suddenly saw Zhang Haobo standing on the beach, calmly looking at him.

The slightly guilty fatty thought that someone had discovered he had taken Zhang Haobo's opportunity and believed that someone had come to seek revenge.

Ye Feipeng was immediately frightened out of his wits.

Before this former Dao Integration Immortal Sage, he didn't have the slightest thought of resistance.

Instead, he chose to flee without looking back, at a speed several times faster than when he came.

He didn't stop until he thought he was completely safe, and only then did he stop with a heart still full of lingering fear.

Leaving Zhang Haobo standing on the beach in utter confusion.

In the end, after Ye Feipeng and Xiao Heng communicated, they resolved the misunderstanding.

However, for the time being, Ye Feipeng didn't have the face to return to the deserted island.

He continued chasing after wind disasters in the Cong Yun Sea.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 235: Marvelous Brushstrokes Write a Splendid Chapter


Through the Vision of Heaven and Earth, Li Fan saw that there were occasional blue light dots surging around Ye Feipeng.

"It seems that Ye Feipeng's plan to attract the attention of the Cong Yun Sea is proceeding smoothly."

The children's cultivation paths were gradually getting on track.

He Zhenghao also didn't lag behind.

During this period, most of the feedback on Li Fan's cultivation progress came from He Zhenghao.

Although his cultivation speed was not as rapid as those prodigies, considering his similar cultivation level to Li Fan, the feedback was much greater.

Not long ago, he sent Li Fan a message with palpitations.

He mentioned that his friend had invited him to explore a cave, but at that time, he was in closed-door cultivation and couldn't respond.

After completing his cultivation, he was shocked to learn that the exploration team of his friend had been completely wiped out.

Moreover, the cave didn't house a Golden Core cultivator, but instead, a Soul Transformation puppet.

Reflecting on the narrow escape, He Zhenghao couldn't help but break into a cold sweat.

"The path of cultivation is truly perilous. Any slight mistake can lead to death."

"My brother, Wei Qizheng has quite impressive talent in cultivation. Many thought he would reach the Golden Core stage within a few years, but who would have thought he would be gone so easily." He Zhenghao shuddered afterward.

Li Fan casually comforted He Zhenghao with a few words, reminding him not to wander around recklessly.

Incidentally, he waived He Zhenghao's interest for the next year, urging him to focus on cultivation.

He Zhenghao repeatedly agreed.

"With the increasing number of people invested in, the feedback from the 'Mountain Meditation Technique,' I receive every day is growing."

"I believe that in a few more years, it will almost match the progress I can achieve through constant closed-door cultivation."

"The benefit of sitting back and waiting for success is that even if I allocate some energy to do other things, I can still enjoy the continuous growth of my cultivation."

Everything was progressing smoothly, and Li Fan felt content.

After leaving Ten Thousand Immortals Island, he found a secluded underwater retreat, commencing the second round of the Eternal Remembrance simulation.

The surroundings changed suddenly, and Li Fan once again arrived at the cave from thousands of years ago.

"Tian Yang, it's time to take the medicine..."

The familiar opening line.

Li Fan drank the medicinal soup, forcing himself to focus with the help of the brief surge of warmth in his body.

Quickly, he whispered, "Master, this medicine doesn't have much effect."

"Next time, please change it for me."

Ignoring the stunned Tian Yangzi, he hastily provided the prescription.

His body was so weak that even speaking was extremely difficult.

As if exhausting all the vitality in his body, Li Fan soon fell into a deep slumber.

When Li Fan woke up and drank the medicine again, the warmth surging in his body was accompanied by an unbearable piercing pain.

Countless fine needles seemed to be constantly piercing all over his body, and Li Fan's face turned extremely pale in an instant, sweat streaming down his entire body.

"Tian Yang!"

"Junior Brother!"

Urgent concerned voices consecutively rang out one after another.

Gritting his teeth, Li Fan replied in a low voice, "I'm fine, I'm fine."

"Master, the prescription is very effective. Please don't change it next time."

After saying this, Li Fan fainted.

During the coma, he vaguely felt that his body was shaking and convulsing under extreme pain.

As if he could die at any moment.

But deep within his seemingly exhausted body.

A pure and vigorous vitality began to quietly emerge.

"It really works."

Li Fan relaxed in his heart, then completely lost consciousness.

In the following years, Li Fan gradually replenished the deficiency in his body using the "Peril" technique from the "Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra."

The time spent in deep sleep became less and less, and slowly, he could occasionally get out of bed and walk.

When the people of Ancient Body Transformation Dao were curious and inquired about the source of the prescription, Li Fan innocently expressed that he didn't know either.

The prescription appeared in his mind automatically.

The master and disciples of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao were naturally amazed.

However, they didn't pay much attention, attributing it to the extraordinary luck and destiny of their junior brother.

After all, in the vast cultivation world, there had been all kinds of miraculous events.

"Junior Brother, you are indeed quite lucky. There are several medicinal ingredients in the prescription you provided that we've never heard of. We asked around the nearby markets, but couldn't find anyone selling them. Some even said that these herbs simply don't exist in the cultivation world."

"Hehe, we didn't believe it. How could it be that all the other herbs in the prescription exist, but these few are nonexistent?"

"We argued with them based on reason, and a disciple from the Medicine King Sect happened to pass by. Hearing our argument, he was curious and asked for the details of our prescription."

"Then, based on the pharmacology, he selected several common herbs as substitutes for us."

"Only then were you able to drink this medicine!"

Junior Brother Tian Yang's health was gradually improving.

The faces of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao members also became much brighter.

Second Senior Brother Ling Xiao, the talkative one, narrated the twists and turns to Li Fan.

Eldest Senior Brother Si Xing and Third Senior Brother Lian Chang smiled and listened quietly.

The days passed warmly and calmly.

Li Fan was gradually able to move around normally.

However, the Ancient Body Transformation Dao members only allowed him to stay in the cave on the grounds that it was very dangerous outside.

Li Fan speculated that this might also be a restriction of the Eternal Remembrance itself.

This simulated world, constructed based on Tian Yang's "Eternal Remembrance," was not like the Fallen Immortal Realm, which was almost a real world.

It was impossible to let Li Fan roam around without restrictions.

He didn't mind it much.

During ordinary times, while practicing the "Ancient Body Transformation Dao" technique, whenever there was an opportunity, he chatted with his senior brothers to gather information.

These senior brothers were very caring toward Tian Yang and answered any questions, but only related to the disciples and master of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao.

As soon as the topic shifted to other matters in the cultivation world, they would smile and evade.

It was regrettable that Li Fan couldn't gain a more thorough understanding of the ancient cultivation world.

But these three senior brothers of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao indeed left a deep impression on Li Fan.

The most important thing in practicing "External Body Transformation" was to choose a "Transformation Object."

Eldest Senior Brother Si Xing, with a late Golden Core cultivation, had a thin, emerald-green longsword as his Transformation Object.

When they were integrated as one, the sword could move like the wind, silently taking the heads of cultivators thousands of miles away.

He could be considered the strongest among the disciples of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao in terms of combat power.

Third Senior Brother Lian Chang, with a mid Golden Core cultivation, had a copper bell as his Transformation Object.

It had extremely strong defense capabilities and could emit sound waves to deter enemies, shaking their hearts and souls.

As for Second Senior Brother Ling Xiao, things were a bit peculiar.

Although he also had a mid Golden Core cultivation, his Transformation Object was a pen.

It didn't have any special means to harm the enemy.

Its only remarkable aspect was its ability to independently record what he perceived and thought in his mind through words and images.

With beautiful and delicate writing, it made people feel like they were present, unable to stop reading.

Because of this, Ling Xiao could create astonishing literary works almost every day at an alarming speed.

As for what kind of works they were...

One day, when Li Fan was awakened by the meowing of a cat.

When he came out and saw Ling Xiao controlling a tomcat, playing with another group of cats, it was more than clear.

Li Fan suddenly remembered that the Ancient Body Transformation Dao, despite being a small mountain sect, would become renowned far beyond the current major sects thousands of years later.

All thanks to these splendid works.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 236: Hundred Lives Pearl


Second Senior Brother Ling Xiao had very thick skin.

Caught red-handed doing something mischievous by his junior brother, he showed no signs of guilt. He even winked, asking Li Fan if he wanted to give it a try.

Before Li Fan could respond, the sword of Eldest Senior Brother arrived in an instant.

A murderous aura pervaded, scattering the mischievous cats in all directions.

Second Senior Brother, embarrassed, gave a wry smile, put away his pen, and sneakily escaped the cave to find new toys for his amusement.

"Junior Brother, you must never imitate your Second Senior Brother."

"When choosing a Transformation Object, you should go for something more serious."

Eldest Senior Brother S Xng earnestly advised Li Fan.

Li Fan nodded repeatedly in agreement.

...

There were many interesting incidents like this.

In general, the atmosphere within the Ancient Body Transformation Dao sect was harmonious and friendly.

In this environment, Li Fan continued to stimulate the hidden potential within his body, strengthening his frail body, all while practicing "External Body Transformation."

In the sixth year after Li Fan possessed Tian Yang's body and entered the simulated world, a series of urgent and breathtaking bell chimes echoed from the distant horizon.

As the bell chimes reached his ears, Li Fan felt a surge of blood and energy throughout his body, and an inexplicable fear filled his heart.

All the senior brothers, each engrossed in their activities, were also abruptly awakened.

"This bell chime... is it the Immortal Summons Bell?!"

The several senior brothers who rushed over showed expressions of shock.

"The last time the Immortal Summons Bell rang, I remember it was because the Longevity Clan, which was kept by the sects as livestock, collectively rebelled, right?"

"That's right. At that time, the Ten Great Immortal Sects issued a wanted order. Anyone who caught any of the fleeing Longevity Clan members would be rewarded with a 'Hundred Lives Pearl,' adding dozens or even hundreds of years to their lifespan."

"The temptation of living a hundred more years is something not many cultivators can resist. To compete for the heads of those runaway Longevity Clan members, cultivators went on a killing spree, creating a huge bloodbath."

"I wonder what major event has happened in the cultivation world this time."

The senior brothers discussed with astonishment.

Li Fan, silently listening on the side, took advantage of the pause in their conversation, putting on a curious expression, "Senior Brothers, what are the Longevity Clan and the Hundred Lives Pearl?"

This time, the senior brothers didn't avoid the question as they usually did when asked about other matters.

Second Senior Brother Ling Xiao sighed and, with envy in his eyes, said, "Junior Brother, you must know, the heavens have never been fair."

"For ordinary humans, living over a hundred years is considered long-lived."

"Even for cultivators, if they haven't reached the Longevity Immortal realm, a lifespan of a few thousand years is the limit."

After a pause, Ling Xiao continued with a faint tone, "However, in this world, some creatures are naturally gifted with extremely long lifespans. Even ordinary members of their tribes, without powerful cultivation, can easily live for a thousand or two thousand years."

"For people with short lifespans like humans, this is truly unfair!"

"Longevity Clan..." Li Fan's heart stirred.

Before his transmigration, he had read about similar settings for the Longevity Clan in various webnovels.

But in the real cultivation world, he had never seen any information about the Longevity Clan.

Not to mention witnessing a living Longevity Clan member.

"Senior Brothers, what do these Longevity Clan members look like? Are they similar to the mythical creatures in legends?" Li Fan looked at Ling Xiao with innocent eyes, asking aloud.

Ling Xiao patted his junior disciple's head, explaining, "Hehe, there are many variations. Some look like spiritual beasts but can speak human language."

"Some are like plant and tree spirits."

"Some of them look similar to humans, and each one is extremely beautiful..."

"By the way, Junior Brother, I once wrote a book called 'Tales of Wind and Moon,' and the main characters were the Longevity Clan members from a distant continent. Let me check if I still have a copy..."

Ling Xiao's topic suddenly changed, and his face became excited.

Before he could finish, the expression on Eldest Senior Brother's face darkened as he appeared behind Ling Xiao.

Second Senior Brother had to awkwardly halt the inappropriate topic and get back on track.

"Uh, what was I saying just now? Right, the Longevity Clan..."

"There is a special type of Longevity Clan member. They look almost identical to ordinary humans, or you could say, they are humans."

"The only special thing is that they possess lifespans that are difficult for ordinary people to reach."

"These people hide among the crowds, living cautiously. Every once in a while, they change their appearance and identity to avoid being discovered."

Li Fan immediately asked, "Why are they afraid of being discovered? Does it have anything to do with those Hundred Lives Pearls?"

Ling Xiao said seriously, "Junior Brother, imagine this. You can only live a little over a hundred years, and by that time, you are already considered old. But when others are several hundred or even over a thousand years old, they still look as young as ever. Wouldn't you find it unfair and infuriating?"

Li Fan nodded vigorously, "It's infuriating! It's so unfair!"

"Yes, normal people find it hard to tolerate such a disparity. As I mentioned earlier, some Longevity Clan members don't have formidable cultivations."

"Hmph, it's their own fault. Those cultivators who reach Soul Transformation or Dao Integration stage but have no hope of longevity, how can they not envy those Longevity Clan members?"

Ling Xiao lowered his voice, "Those major immortal sects possess a secret technique called 'Life Dao Transformation' which can extract lifespan from living beings and utilize it."

"And the lifespan extracted from Longevity Clan members is the purest."

"Drawing from tens of thousands of ordinary people over the years can only condense a few Longevity Fruits, adding a hundred or so years to their lifespan."

"But the lifespan provided by a Longevity Clan member can be refined into dozens or even hundreds of 'Hundred Lives Pearls.'"

Ling Xiao's eyes revealed a trace of greed, "The higher the cultivation of the Longevity Clan member, the higher the quality of the refined 'Hundred Lives Pearls.'"

"Back then, I was fortunate enough to participate in a hunt for Longevity Clan members and received a 'Hundred Lives Pearl.' After swallowing it, I felt as if I were floating, as if I had returned to my youth."

"That feeling..."

Ling Xiao smacked his lips, savoring the memory.

"A 'Hundred Lives Pearl' is only like that. I really wonder what the legendary 'Thousand Lives Pearl' or even the 'Ten Thousand Lives Pearl' tastes like."

At this moment, the usually silent Third Senior Brother suddenly spoke, "Xiaoxiao, with your cultivation, even if you managed to swallow a Thousand Lives Pearl by chance, it would only mean it would be your fate to have your lifespan extracted." [1]

Ling Xiao looked at Liang Chang with a disgruntled expression, "Xiaoxiao? Is that how you address me? Old Third, you're really becoming more and more disrespectful."

Third Senior Brother, with an amused expression, looked at Ling Xiao, "What? Do you want to spar with me?"

But Ling Xiao wasn't backing down, "It seems like I haven't shown my dominance as a senior brother in a long time, making you have this misconception."

"Today, I will completely demonstrate my authority as a senior brother!"

After saying that, the two of them started fighting.

Meanwhile, Eldest Senior Brother stood by, smiling and watching.

What a warm and harmonious scene.

However, soon after, the storm of war would shatter everything.

*****

[1] Xiaoxiao is like an endearing way of addressing Ling Xiao as if a parent had addressed their child

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 237: Legacy Passing Across Generations


Three months after the Immortal Summons Bell rang.

The Immortal Recruitment Order arrived as promised.

The disciples of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao gathered together to discuss strategies.

Li Fan also wanted to quietly approach, but his master, Master Guang Yangzi, sternly pulled him out, leaving him to eavesdrop vaguely outside the door.

"What nonsense, Immortal Recruitment Order?! Why bother with it! Those major sects have thousands of members, dispatching some of their own won't be a problem."

"We only have so few people studying the Ancient Body Transformation Dao, and they still want us to go to the front lines? What kind of reasoning is this?"

...

Second Senior Brother's remarks were in line with Li Fan's previous experience.

The final result was consistent with Li Fan's previous experiences.

Eldest Senior Brother went to the front lines first.

Before he left, everyone bid him a tearful farewell.

Li Fan asked Eldest Senior Brother whom he was going to fight.

Si Xing just smiled and patted his Junior Brother's head, saying he was going to fight the bad guys.

Then, transforming into a ray of green light, he broke through the air and left.

With Eldest Senior Brother gone, the atmosphere in the Ancient Body Transformation Dao became much more somber.

Thankfully, there was still Second Senior Brother, an active character who livened up the atmosphere and could bring laughter occasionally.

Li Fan successfully broke through to the Foundation Establishment stage, bringing a period of celebration to the Ancient Body Transformation Dao.

However, joy is always short-lived.

One year and three months after Si Xing left.

Bad news arrived.

Eldest Senior Brother died on the battlefield.

Second Senior Brother was full of grief and indignation. According to the information he obtained privately, this was due to the Ten Great Immortal Sects underestimating the enemy.

The battle started off smoothly.

The enemy retreated step by step.

However, the team led by the Ten Great Immortal Sects seriously underestimated the power of the enemy.

In a pursuit, they were ambushed and caught off guard.

The losses were heavy, and the frontline became extremely precarious.

So the sects issued another Immortal Recruitment Order.

Although there were a hundred grudges in the hearts of the sects, under absolute pressure, as long as the Ancient Body Transformation Dao did not want to be completely wiped out like other small sects, they had to obey orders and enlist again.

This time, Second Senior Brother headed to the war front.

For this reason, Second Senior Brother had a fierce fight with Third Senior Brother.

In the past, when the two senior brothers sparred, Third Senior Brother Lian Chang would usually have a slight advantage.

This time, to prevent the other from sacrificing themselves, both displayed their true abilities.

However, this time, Lian Chang lost.

Second Senior Brother Ling Xiao was very powerful.

His brush splashed ink into the air, instantly drawing dozens of flying swords.

Although they were constructed with a brush, they appeared as if they were real.

Whistling, they collided with Lian Chang's protective copper bell.

The brush kept moving, and countless illusionary spiritual weapons formed continuously, ceaselessly attacking.

Lian Chang had almost no ability to fight back.

It turned out Ling Xiao had been letting his junior brother win all along.

Lian Chang was dismayed.

Ling Xiao, however, bid farewell with a smile.

Before leaving, he handed over dozens of yet-to-be-sold works that he had written to Li Fan for safekeeping.

He instructed Li Fan not to sneak a peek.

If Li Fan couldn't resist, he should exercise moderation.

Then, he left in a carefree manner.

After Second Senior Brother Ling Xiao left, the Ancient Body Transformation Dao fell into complete silence.

Master Guang Yangzi watched as each of his disciples left, and he seemed to age significantly.

Third Senior Brother, Lian Chang, was already a silent individual.

After being stimulated, he began practicing like a madman.

Li Fan did the same.

Two years and three months after Ling Xiao left.

The Immortal Recruitment Order came once again.

However, Senior Brother Ling Xiao never returned.

Perhaps considering the possibility of resistance, the Ten Great Immortal Sects sent an Immortal Recruitment Envoy this time.

If there was any disobedience, they would be killed without mercy.

Similar to the previous experience, after some persuasion, Guang Yangzi went to the battlefield.

In the Ancient Body Transformation Dao's cave, only Li Fan and Third Senior Brother Lian Chang remained.

Li Fan had already known the direction of events.

But as a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator, how could he resist the overwhelming trend?

He could only watch helplessly as things unfolded once again.

This time, the battle seemed even more brutal than the previous two periods combined.

Just six months later, the exhausted Immortal Recruitment Envoy returned, bringing orders from the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

"This battle has reached a crucial moment."

"All sects and loose cultivators must cooperate and overcome the current difficulties together."

"If anyone disobeys orders, delays the battle, spreads rumors, or attempts to betray, they will be killed without mercy."

The authority of the Immortal Recruitment Envoy was imposing.

Using the youngest cultivator in the Ancient Body Transformation Dao, Li Fan, as leverage, the envoy made various empty promises.

Eventually, even Lian Chang, with tightly clenched fists, agreed to the Immortal Recruitment Envoy.

Before leaving, Lian Chang left a jade slip for Li Fan.

It contained the cultivation experiences of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao's ancestors.

He instructed Li Fan not to go out easily, then closed the gate decisively and left.

The Ancient Body Transformation Dao was once again left with only Li Fan.

He returned to the original course of history.

Looking back at this simulation, Li Fan felt a bit helpless.

Objectively speaking, he had done quite well.

Using the "Peril" method from the Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra, he successfully averted his slumber.

He spent a happy time with the people of the Ancient Body Transformation Dao.

He had the ability of foresight.

He could change one person's destiny.

But he couldn't change the destinies of many people.

In the Ancient War, the entire cultivation world was involved.

Even Longevity Immortals were deeply entangled in the vortex of war and couldn't avoid it.

Li Fan couldn't influence or change any of this.

So, what was the obsession of Tian Yang?

While pondering, Li Fan continued his cultivation.

"Tian Yang's soul is not weaker than man..."

Gradually, Li Fan formed his own speculations.

Back when Tian Yang was young, he watched helplessly as his master and senior brothers sacrificed themselves to protect each other on the battlefield, willingly facing death.

As the weakest and most protected member of the sect, he, alone, survived until the end.

This was all because of his perceived "weakness."

Tian Yang's heart was filled with guilt and regret.

If only he had been stronger at that time, slightly stronger than his senior brothers, could he have replaced them on the battlefield?

Then, he wouldn't have had to watch his senior brothers die one by one?

Perhaps one of his senior brothers would have had a chance to survive?

Maybe this was Tian Yang's simple and sincere obsession.

Time passed slowly as Li Fan continued his cultivation.

Five years and three months after Lian Chang's departure, the entrance to the Ancient Body Transformation Dao's abode suddenly burst open.

Seven cultivators who intended to occupy the Ancient Body Transformation Dao's abode forcefully entered.

Li Fan, who had been sitting in seclusion for years and lacked the experience to form a Golden Core still couldn't break through.

The outcome was the same as before.

The simulated world disappeared, and Li Fan returned to reality.

The usage counts for Tian Yang's Eternal Remembrance also decreased to one.

However, Li Fan unexpectedly discovered that he hadn't gained nothing this time.

The dozens of posthumous works that Second Senior Brother, Ling Xiao, handed over to him before leaving now vividly appeared in Li Fan's mind.

After a long silence, Li Fan came to a realization.

Perhaps, because Tian Yang had been trapped in a deep slumber all those years, he couldn't accompany his senior brothers properly and share the last moments of their lives.

This was also Tian Yang's obsession.

Erasing all traces of the underwater retreat, Li Fan returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Under the name of Ling Xiao, he uploaded each of those dozen or so posthumous works.

Thus, the author who had died thousands of years ago began his updates once again.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 238: Mortal Instantly Transcends to Godhood


Within the vast sea of information in the Tianxuan Mirror, Ling Xiao suddenly updated dozens of works, which didn't attract much attention from people, except for his loyal fans.

In this extremely small circle of only a dozen or so people, the following dialogue took place one day.

"Fellow Daoists, look what I've discovered. 'Fairy Qiong Bai,' 'My Marvelous Journey with Third Junior Brother,' 'Love Locking Talisman'..."

"Huh? All signed by Ling Xiao? Could it be someone using his name to create forgeries?"

"Let me check... Hiss, the style, the writing, and the familiar immersive feeling..."

"Also, the illustrations in each chapter are vivid."

"Most importantly, there are no taboos in who the protagonists sleep with!"

"Humans, immortals, objects, beasts... these are undoubtedly Ling Xiao's posthumous works!"

"I've read every work by Ling Xiao hundreds of times. I can affirm that these are definitely his genuine works!"

"I never expected to see new works from Ling Xiao in my lifetime. Even if I break through and die tomorrow, I'll have no regrets!"

"So many suddenly appeared... If I'm not mistaken, they were probably found together in some ruins or relics. Ling Xiao was truly prolific in his prime. I wonder how many works got lost in the river of history."

"This fellow is truly generous. He openly shared so many works for free. If it were someone else, they would surely sell these rare editions at exorbitant prices!"

"Old Man Jing Xuan, why are you sneering so sarcastically? Do you want to have a fight?"

"Hehe, he's anxious, he's really anxious!"

"Alright, Jing Xuan, Guang Wu, even with so many rare editions, you two can't shut up. Hmm... Anyway, this generous fellow has allowed us to feast our eyes. We should express our gratitude. I'll take care of this matter."

"Let me see, Cong Yun Sea, Li Fan. This place is a bit remote."

"Huh? Just Foundation Establishment cultivation? But that's fine. We only gathered here because of similar interests."

...

So, within the Tianxuan Mirror on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Li Fan, after he finished uploading Ling Xiao's posthumous works, didn't pay much attention to it. He was contemplating how to break the deadlock of the Eternal Remembrance. Suddenly, he received a friend request.

"Tianyun Province, Oracle? Who is this?" Li Fan felt a bit puzzled.

"No realm information displayed; his cultivation should be above Golden Core."

After some thought, Li Fan accepted the friend request.

A refined middle-aged man dressed in snowy white robes appeared in front of Li Fan.

The Oracle smiled and explained the ins and outs of the situation to Li Fan, expressing gratitude for Li Fan's selfless sharing spirit.

Li Fan hadn't expected that even after thousands of years since Ling Xiao's death, there still existed a group of his die-hard fans.

For an author, this was probably the best reward.

If Ling Xiao knew about it after his death, it would be enough to comfort him.

Li Fan didn't boast; instead, he expressed his modest thanks.

Oracle nodded, not saying much more.

He only told Li Fan to contact him if he encountered any trouble.

Li Fan readily agreed.

After ending the communication, Li Fan searched for information about "Tianyun Province, Oracle" in the Tianxuan Mirror.

He found no relevant data about Oracle.

There was quite a bit about Tianyun Province.

This province was located in the middle-west of the Xuanhuang Realm and seemed to be very far from the Cong Yun Sea.

The most famous wonder in the province was a shadow wall.

The shadow wall had a history of several thousand years, seemingly existing even before the Great Calamity.

In the middle of every year, the shadow wall illuminates with light, revealing a scene of a mortal transcending to godhood.

This phenomenon of mortals transcending to godhood is said to have truly occurred thousands of years ago.

It happened during the era when the unity of heaven and man and the natural Dao were practiced.

At that time, a mortal achieved enlightenment during broad daylight.

The mortal turned into a god, ascending to the heavens in a single step.

This extremely rare scene happened to be recorded by this shadow wall.

It continuously reappeared on the wall in countless years that followed.

Just like back then, when this spectacle occurred, it would also resonate with the laws of heaven and earth, giving rise to numerous astonishing phenomena.

Almost every cultivator below the level of Soul Transformation could gain insights from witnessing the scene of a mortal transcending to godhood.

Therefore, many cultivators from other provinces would eagerly travel to Tianyun Province in hopes of gaining opportunities.

"A mortal transcending to godhood... if I encounter bottlenecks in the future, it might be worthwhile to go and observe."

In the current cultivation world, due to the existence of the White Mist Barrier, most cultivators spend the majority of their lives confined to a single province. Establishing connections with cultivators from other provinces is quite rare.

This time, thanks to Ling Xiao's blessing, being able to connect with a cultivator from the distant Tianyun Province was an unexpected opportunity.

However, its usefulness might only be realized in the future.

At present, Li Fan continued his interrupted train of thought.

He resumed contemplating the way to break through Tian Yang's Eternal Remembrance.

The method was quite clear now.

Before the arrival of the Immortal Recruitment Order, he needed to become the strongest in the Ancient Body Transformation Dao and replace Senior Brother Si Xing in joining the war.

However, this seemed like an impossible task.

From the beginning of the simulation to the arrival of the Immortal Recruitment Order, only a little over six years passed.

To expect a mortal with congenital weakness to defeat a powerful ancient cultivator in the late stage of Golden Core within such a short time...

It was indeed too difficult.

At the very least, in terms of Tian Yang's own aptitude, there was almost no hope of success.

The Eternal Remembrance of Tian Yang in this life had only one remaining usage.

Before having a certain level of confidence, Li Fan wouldn't rashly attempt it.

"However, there's no need to put too much effort into it. If I can surpass Golden Core in strength before those seven individuals intrude into the Ancient Body Transformation Dao cave, it's worth a try."

As for how to quickly improve actual combat strength, Li Fan already had some ideas at this moment.

After some searches, hundreds of pieces of information about "Body's Hidden Secrets" appeared in Li Fan's mind.

Many of them required payment to unlock.

This contribution point was just a drop in the bucket for Li Fan.

He checked the reliable ones.

"Another Possibility Beyond the Immortal Path - Discussion on the Potential Development of Body's Hidden Secrets"

"A Discussion on the Possible Connection Between Ancient Body Cultivation and Body's Hidden Secrets"

"Rebirth of Blood, Infinite Vitality"

...

The human body contains infinite potential.

This fact was not only known to the Heavenly Doctor alone.

In the long development of the Xuanhuang Realm, many sects emerged to study the secrets hidden within the human body.

After the establishment of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the open access to the Tianxuan Mirror, an unsurpassed spiritual treasure that facilitated high-level information sharing, the study of the secrets of the human body became even more prevalent.

Unfortunately, the practical effects were limited at the moment.

Even with the current backlash from the Heavens and the arduousness of the cultivation path, it was still better than developing the secrets of the human body.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 239: External Body Transformation of the Self


The most crucial factor was that the cultivation speed of the art of unlocking the human body's potential could not be compared to the path of cultivation passed down by the Immortal Ancestor.

Li Fan consulted these books and found that the difficulty of unlocking the human body's secret potential experienced a substantial leap when the power reached a level almost equivalent to the Golden Core realm.

It was as if an invisible shackle appeared, demanding an exorbitant cost for even a slight advancement.

The consumption of the same amount of energy yielded far greater results in cultivation compared to unlocking the secrets within the human body.

Moreover, the power of immortal techniques, capable of invoking spiritual energy, far exceeded the strength derived solely from the human body.

What could "rebirth through a single blood drop" achieve in comparison to the prowess gained after forming the Nascent Soul, where one could establish their Dharma Domain and become virtually unkillable by normal means?

After much research and the conjectures of many cultivators, the technique of unlocking the human body's secrets might have a method to match the advantages of the Immortal Dao.

However, the prerequisite was to escape the environment of the Xuanhuang Realm.

"Just like how the power of firearms and gunpowder is suppressed in this world, the technique to unlock the secrets within the human body follows the same principle."

Once, Li Fan experimented with firearms brought from Grand Xuan to the cultivation world. The explosive power was reduced to almost one percent of its original force. What was originally a lethal weapon turned into a child's toy in an instant.

"As the Xuanhuang Realm is a world of the Immortal Dao, power systems outside of the Immortal Dao will be suppressed to varying degrees."

"It's as if the heavens are consciously repelling external forces."

Synthesizing his previous experiences, Li Fan came to such a conclusion.

However, even before this, Li Fan had a vague speculation.

He wasn't particularly surprised.

"Although it lacks further potential, it is sufficient to help Tian Yang breakthrough."

"However, relying solely on the power of unlocking the human body's secrets falls somewhat short of reaching Golden Core within six years as a mortal."

"It's still a bit lacking."

"Ancient Body Transformation Dao..."

"Using yourself to establish the foundation..."

Li Fan slowly contemplated the relevant possibilities in his mind.

To be honest, the Ancient Body Transformation Dao's External Body Transformation and the current method of stealing Heavenly Treasures from the heavens and earth to establish the foundation were quite similar.

Both involved relying on external things to nurture oneself.

On Yin Yin Island, Master Yin once talked to Li Fan about the possibility of the 'Self Foundation.'

This naturally led Li Fan to wonder if External Body Transformation could extend to the self.

To thoroughly separate consciousness and the physical body.

First, view one's own body as an external entity, and then gradually merge the external with the internal.

External Body Transformation, cultivated to the extreme, allows for the unity of the external and internal.

If External Body Transformation could be extended to oneself, reaching the pinnacle of cultivation would mean having complete control over one's own body.

It was almost identical to 'Self Foundation.'

When a cultivator could fully grasp their own body, they could then tap into the infinite potential hidden within.

What kind of terrifying power would be unleashed?

This was the method envisioned by Li Fan.

Once successfully tested in the simulated world, Li Fan might be able to replicate it in the real world.

Of course, the difficulty involved in this was undoubtedly extremely high.

Li Fan wasn't an exceptionally talented individual. Achieving his goal directly wasn't possible.

It required repeated attempts to ultimately realize it.

Fortunately, [Truth] provided Li Fan with enough capital, allowing him to experiment over and over without any worries.

"In the real world, use a clone to practice the technique of unlocking the human body's secrets."

"Accumulate experience. Once you feel confident, enter the simulated world and try it on Tian Yang."

With a firm determination in mind, the clone that had been idle and idle all along immediately took action.

Meanwhile, the main body divided his attention into three parts: cultivating, studying formations, and reading the "Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra."

At the same time, he held the second Dao Transformation Stone in his palm, activated the Divine Transformation Dao, and absorbed the mysterious energy contained in it, strengthening the blue crystal in his sea of consciousness.

With his mind divided into four, Li Fan felt that he had reached the limit without affecting efficiency.

While it was possible to split his consciousness to do more things, it inevitably slowed down the speed of thought, and the loss would outweigh the gain.

The solution to this problem would have to wait until his spiritual consciousness became stronger in the future.

Clearing his mind of distractions, Li Fan completely immersed himself in cultivation.

As time passed slowly, the fifteenth year had arrived.

On the deserted island, after a sparring session with Xiao Heng, Ye Feipeng, who still lost under the move "Water Dragon Song," felt somewhat frustrated.

Wearing an unhappy expression, he pushed everyone away and came to the beach, looking at the boundless sea, secretly scheming.

"Damn it, if this continues, not to mention Xiao Heng, even Su Xiaomei will surpass me."

"And that Zhang Haobo too."

"He's worthy of being a figure who could achieve Dao Integration in the last life. I thought that by robbing him of his luck, he would become an ordinary person from then on."

"But unexpectedly, approaching him at that time actually attracted the attention of that old immortal skull, allowing him to embark on the path of immortality again."

"Hmph, if I had known this earlier, I should have been more ruthless and killed him directly."

"There's no need to see him now and be uncontrollably upset."

"But fortunately, this treasure, you won't get a chance this time."

Ye Feipeng subconsciously touched his chest.

There, a faint blue transparent water droplet was continuously helping him absorb the surrounding pure water attribute spiritual energy, enhancing his cultivation.

Ye Feipeng naturally knew that this blue water droplet was the Canghai Pearl.

In the previous life, it was with its assistance that Zhang Haobo could slay the Crimson Flame as a Golden Core and successfully achieve Dao Integration.

In this life, he imitated Zhang Haobo, constantly chasing and resolving wind disasters, trying to attract the attention of the Cong Yun Sea. After his unremitting efforts, he finally succeeded.

However, he couldn't feel happy about it.

"With the help of such a treasure, my cultivation speed is still inferior to those freaks on the island. Could it be that I, Ye Feipeng, am truly so worthless?"

The more the fatty thought about it, the more frustrated he became, falling into deep self-doubt.

After a long time, he took a deep breath and comforted himself, "Calm down, you need to stay calm."

"So what if my cultivation speed is a bit slow? My biggest advantage is the foresight from being reborn."

Ye Feipeng looked up at the distant sky, his eyes flickering.

"Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent..."

"The continuous premonitions from the Canghai Pearl recently should be related to this."

"But in my heart, I feel that place is extremely dangerous, and I haven't made up my mind to explore it yet."

"I can't continue like this!"

Ye Feipeng's eyes showed determination.

"On the path of cultivation, it is inherently impossible to not take any risks at all."

"If I don't have this bit of courage, how will I plan to achieve Dao Integration in the future?"

Displaying a speed incongruent with his figure, Ye Feipeng moved like a ghost, walking on the waves and controlling the wind.

In the blink of an eye, he left the deserted island.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 240: Swallowing the Green Wind


In the Cong Yun Sea.

The place where the Green Wind trapped the sword.

The fatty Ye Feipeng squinted, looking up at the hidden spot in the sky, his face showing a hesitant expression.

Although there was a constant throbbing coming from the blue water droplet in his chest, urging him to hurry forward, when it came to the critical moment, Ye Feipeng hesitated again.

"The Heavenly Calamity Sword sounds formidable. It should be exceptionally dangerous in there..."

"Despite having the Canghai Pearl to protect my body, I cannot guarantee absolute safety."

"If I die again this time, I'm afraid I'll really die."

The expression on the fatty's face fluctuated, and he felt extremely conflicted.

After dawdling for so long, he realized that waiting longer might attract the attention of passing cultivators. Only then did Ye Feipeng close his eyes, grit his teeth, and rush in.

A dreamy blue light appeared around him in a timely manner. With the assistance of the Cong Yun Sea, after a moment, he successfully entered that strange space.

A transparent figure in green stood silently.

In its hands, it held a cage composed of green light.

The pitch-black handle of the Heavenly Calamity Sword, like a trapped ferocious beast, kept hitting the cage, attempting to struggle and break free.

"What is this..."

Ye Feipeng's gaze first lingered on the handle of the Heavenly Calamity Sword for a moment, then uncontrollably looked towards the Green Wind.

"A Heavenly Spirit?!"

The fat man's eyes suddenly turned bloodshot, his face full of ferocity.

If it weren't for the blue light covering his body, allowing him to retain a trace of sanity, he might have rushed towards the Green Wind without any regard.

Exerting all his strength, he lowered his head.

Returning to normal gradually, Ye Feipeng, at this moment, was full of horror. "A Heavenly Spirit, it turns out to be another Heavenly Spirit!"

"This handle of the Heavenly Calamity Sword, being able to contend with it, is obviously also at the Dao Integration realm."

"Two Dao Integration powerhouses..."

"The slightest negligence could mean death and annihilation."

"Dangerous, too dangerous..."

Ye Feipeng's face gradually turned extremely pale, his mind overwhelmed by fear, with no thoughts left for observing and comprehending.

Every second he stayed, the risk of dying increased exponentially.

When he came to his senses, Ye Feipeng hadn't accomplished anything and stood there dumbly.

Not long after, he couldn't endure the inner fear any longer and escaped the place where Green Wind trapped the sword.

Displaying his incredible fleeing skills, he flew at an astonishing speed, heading towards the distance.

Only when the fear in his heart completely dissipated did he finally stop.

However, after recovering, Ye Feipeng felt regretful again.

He wanted to give himself a big slap, his face full of unwillingness.

So, he quietly returned.

Outside the mysterious space, Ye Feipeng hesitated.

After pondering for a long time, the fatty gained a clear understanding of his own character.

"Even if I break in again, under the imposing aura of two Dao Integration powerhouses, I will definitely find it difficult to calm down."

"Moreover, this place is indeed too dangerous."

"But the opportunities here should not be easily abandoned..."

In a short time, Ye Feipeng's eyes lit up.

He recalled how during the fight between the Green Wind and the sword handle, strands of green light would scatter from time to time.

"This green light seems to be the initial source of the Cong Yun Sea's wind disasters."

"It's the energy originating from the Heavenly Spirit."

"I've been chasing wind disasters for years, and I understand better than anyone how terrifying this power of heaven and earth is."

"The wind disasters are all formed by these strands of green light."

"Although I can't directly face the two Dao Integration powerhouses, I believe I can comprehend opportunities from these green lights."

"Some green lights are stronger than others; if necessary, I can start with the weakest ones."

The more Ye Feipeng thought about it, the more feasible it seemed.

Encouraging himself and boosting his confidence, he once again entered the mysterious space.

This time, with self-awareness, Ye Feipeng steeled his determination, controlling himself not to look at the Green Wind and the sword handle.

Instead, he focused on the green lights that occasionally floated around.

"Well, this one seems stronger. Unfortunately, it's not suitable for me."

"Ah, this one too. What a pity."

...

In this way, Ye Feipeng eagerly watched one after another green light disappear before his eyes.

However, the cautious fatty, without absolute certainty, would never take action.

He waited patiently.

In the mysterious space, the confrontation between the Green Wind and the Heavenly Calamity Sword handle seemed to last for an eternity.

The passage of time seemed to lose its meaning.

After an unknown amount of time, Ye Feipeng finally found a suitable hunting target.

A strand of green light, obviously dimmer, slowly floated down, as if uncertain where it would fall.

Ye Feipeng, under the protection of the blue light, stealthily followed.

From the mysterious space, he came to the sky of an unknown area in the Cong Yun Sea.

The green light gradually transformed, and a faint sound of roaring wind could be heard.

Clouds gathered from all directions, and massive energy was silently accumulating.

Observing all of this, Ye Feipeng could no longer hold back the greed in his eyes.

Under the envelopment of the blue light, he suddenly felt something.

Opening his big mouth, he swallowed the strand of green light that was undergoing transformation.

As the green light entered his stomach, the fatty's belly twisted and shook violently.

As if it would burst open at any moment.

However, Ye Feipeng didn't care at all. He was even a bit lethargic as if he had just finished a satisfying meal.

Narrowing his eyes, as if about to fall asleep at any moment.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan, who was practicing diligently, paused his thoughts for a moment.

Diverting some attention, from the Vision of Heaven and Earth, he carefully observed Ye Feipeng.

After swallowing the green light, Ye Feipeng, who was originally in the late Qi Condensation stage, was rapidly ascending.

And his originally pure white fate also acquired a trace of sacred and pure green.

Moreover, as Ye Feipeng continuously digested the power of the green light, the green color became more and more intense, gradually staining the surrounding white.

"Even pigs can fly when carried by the wind."

"The little fatty isn't just carried by the wind; he swallowed the entire gust of wind."

"I don't know how high he can fly this time."

"Fate changes with fortune, one change begets a hundred changes..."

Li Fan silently watched Ye Feipeng, days and nights passing by.

In the blink of an eye, six days passed, and the bulging belly of the fatty finally receded a bit.

Ye Feipeng opened his eyes, and a fleeting trace of green light flashed in his eyes.

After examining the changes in his body, his face was filled with uncontrollable joy.

He first tested his Wave Treading Escape Technique.

His figure flickered and disappeared from the original spot.

After a few breaths, he had flown to the distant horizon.

"At least twice as fast as my original speed!"

"Ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivators can't even catch up to me."

"Now, I'm even safer!"

"Moreover, I have a premonition that as my cultivation improves, my speed can further advance."

"I can't imagine how astonishing it will be in the future."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 241: Medicine King Cauldron Returns to the Xuanhuang Realm


After verifying the metamorphosis of his escape technique, Ye Feipeng tirelessly began to explore his other gains.

Wind blades, wind prisons, windstorms...

Even though they were far from reaching the strength of the original Green Wind, after incorporating the true meaning of the Green Wind, their power had qualitatively improved compared to ordinary spells.

In Li Fan's eyes, the spells Ye Feipeng, who was currently in the Qi Condensation stage, displayed had destructive power almost approaching the mid Foundation Establishment stage.

However, between this Green Wind True Intent and the Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent that Zhang Haobo had comprehended in the past, it was really hard to say which was stronger.

If Li Fan had to choose, he would still choose the Heavenly Calamity Sword intent. After all, in terms of lethality, the Green Wind was weaker than the Heavenly Calamity Sword by more than one step.

And Li Fan was cautious in his actions and generally would not engage in physical conflict.

Once he made a move, it would definitely be a situation of "either you die, or I die."

Naturally, the Heavenly Calamity Sword intent was more suitable than the Green Wind i=True Intent in many aspects.

...

After his practice, Ye Feipeng, who had made rapid progress in strength, didn't return to the deserted island to show off.

Instead, he quietly returned to that mysterious space.

After waiting for a while, he followed a weak strand of green light again and swallowed it.

Unfortunately, judging by his regretful expression, it seemed that the harvest was not significant.

After that, the discouraged fatty leisurely returned to the island and challenged Xiao Heng.

Unexpectedly, after just going out for a while, Ye Feipeng's strength had undergone such a huge change.

Caught off guard, Xiao Heng, even with the full power of the Sea Fixing Sword Technique, could only persist for nearly half a day before being defeated.

Ye Feipeng, who won against Xiao Heng for the first time, laughed heartily, patted Xiao Heng's shoulder, and swaggered away humming a tune.

Watching Ye Feipeng's back, Xiao Heng was initially shocked and unbelieving.

But then, his face gradually became serious.

Without saying a word, he started practicing in seclusion.

Under his influence, the atmosphere on the once lively deserted island gradually became somewhat solemn.

The usual playing and fooling around decreased significantly, and Su Xiaomei, Zhang Haobo, and the others also began diligent cultivation.

"Very good, you still need to provide enough pressure to have enough motivation."

"Although the little fatty is not an exceptional talent, he happens to help motivate the others."

"From this perspective alone, my investment is not in vain."

Watching all of this, Li Fan nodded in satisfaction.

The little guys were working hard, and Li Fan couldn't slack off either.

Withdrawing his attention, Li Fan immersed himself in cultivation again.

Mid-fifteenth year.

A fiery meteor illuminated the sky.

Soon after, it quickly cut through the sky and disappeared.

All the cultivators who witnessed it naturally felt an indescribable palpitation in their hearts.

Some cultivators wanted to trace its whereabouts, but all efforts were in vain.

At present, in the entire cultivation world, only Li Fan knew that this fiery meteor was the Medicine King Cauldron that had broken through the realm boundary and re-entered the cultivation world.

However, Jiao Xiuyuan's years of manipulations were gradually showing results.

Many cultivators suddenly recalled the occasional rumor that was considered a joke.

The Medicine King Cauldron was about to return to the Xuanhuang Realm.

Only those who possessed the Minor Medicine King Cauldron could enter it.

So, involuntarily, they began to speculate.

"Could it be that this fiery meteor is the Medicine King Cauldron?"

Although it was currently an unfounded guess, it didn't stop them from further verification.

Therefore, some practitioners skilled in deduction and calculation, half out of curiosity and half at the request of others, began to calculate the origin of the fiery meteor.

Unexpectedly, what caught everyone off guard was that there seemed to be a mysterious force attached to this fiery meteor.

All the deduction techniques performed on it were completely ineffective.

It was as if the heavenly secrets had been disrupted, plunged into chaos.

Forceful deductions not only yielded no results but also carried the risk of backlash.

In this way, it stirred up the curiosity of the practitioners.

Even if this fiery meteor wasn't the Medicine King Cauldron, it definitely concealed enormous secrets.

Driven by the allure of hidden opportunities, countless practitioners began to search for the trace of the fiery meteor.

On this day, in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan's clone, who was testing the development of the human body's secrets, received an extremely excited message from Jiao Xiuyuan.

"It's a hit! It's a hit! Fellow Daoist Fan Lin, overnight, the number of people inquiring about the Minor Medicine King Cauldron has multiplied by several times!"

"This appearance of the meteor is just perfect!"

"I was worried that the various measures taken before would have little effect!"

Li Fan coughed lightly and asked, "Did you sell the cauldrons in your possession?"

"Huh? Fellow Daoist's voice sounds a bit weak, did you get injured?" Jiao Xiuyuan didn't immediately answer but rather asked with some doubt.

"Cough, it's fine, just a slight deviation during cultivation. It's nothing serious," Li Fan casually replied.

Jiao Xiuyuan then returned to the main topic, "Hehe, fellow Daoist, rest assured, I've prepared for so long. How could I easily sell them?"

"The appreciation of these Minor Medicine King Cauldrons has just begun."

"Next, following fellow Daoist's suggestion, I plan to invite a master diviner to endorse these cauldrons."

"After the atmosphere is appropriately heated up, I'll collaborate with others to organize a grand auction."

"I'll sell one of them at the auction first, testing the market."

"What do you think of my plan, fellow Daoist? Is there anything that needs improvement?"

Since Li Fan gave him advice last time, Jiao Xiuyuan regarded him as extraordinary and believed that Li Fan had few equals in the world of commerce. Therefore, he valued Li Fan's opinions greatly.

Instead of immediately expressing his opinion, Li Fan, in the Tianxuan Mirror, searched and reviewed all the recent events related to the fiery meteor.

After contemplating for a moment, he said, "Hehe, the situation has changed. In my opinion, there is no need to invite someone to endorse it now."

"The fact that the meteor can shield itself from the heavenly secrets is the best publicity in itself."

"Products that are mysterious and leave room for imagination are more valuable."

"If you really want to take action, consider having this divination master remain silent."

Jiao Xiuyuan was puzzled for a moment, "Silent? What does that mean?"

Li Fan smiled, "Let this master claim that during the divination of the Minor Medicine King Cauldron's origin, he suffered backlash and was seriously injured."

"Furthermore, he needs to go into seclusion and rest for a while."

After thinking about it, Jiao Xiuyuan felt the brilliance of this approach.

"Compared to what others promote, most people prefer to believe in their own imagination. Fellow Daoist, this method is ingenious, truly ingenious!"

Jiao Xiuyuan praised repeatedly.

"When the auction is held, avoid secretly inflating prices or any such activities."

"Even after the auction ends, ensure the safety of the cultivators who successfully bid for the Minor Medicine King Cauldron. Avoid incidents of killing for treasures."

"In short, for the first auction, don't aim for significant profits."

"Just make sure to thoroughly publicize the fame of the Minor Medicine King Cauldron."

Li Fan provided advice to Jiao Xiuyuan one by one.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 242: Breaking Through the Bottleneck Quickly


With all the advice from Li Fan, Jiao Xiuyuan felt like he had struck gold.

He promptly took his leave with great joy to make the necessary arrangements.

"Cough..." The clone coughed and spat out a mouthful of blood.

"No wonder nowadays, there's only theoretical research, and no one is truly practicing the human body's secrets method."

"Compared to the new law that can advance guaranteed when the conditions are met, the progress in developing the human body's potential is not only slow but also risky."

"It relies solely on self-exploration, and a slight mistake can result in depleted vitality and serious damage to one's vitality."

"Fortunately, it's just a clone, so there's no need to worry about any aftermath. As long as I can accumulate experience, it's a gain."

After purchasing a Dragon Tiger Pill to replenish vitality, Li Fan swallowed it.

His complexion quickly became rosy, and the clone once again entered into the experimental exploration.

The remaining time of the fifteenth year passed in a hurry.

In the sixteenth year, with the sudden emergence of two forces promoting cultivation within his body, Li Fan trembled all over and woke up from seclusion.

There was no more room for improvement in cultivation, and he couldn't make any progress.

Li Fan knew that he had already reached the Foundation Establishment perfection.

He only needed to break through the bottleneck to start forming his Golden Core.

The two forces of feedback in his body came from Ye Feipeng and Xiao Heng.

With a thought, he checked the records of the blue crystal in the sea of consciousness, detailing the events that had occurred to the two individuals during this period.

After swallowing the Green Wind True Intent, Ye Feipeng's cultivation speed increased significantly.

In a short half-year, he reached the perfection of the Qi Condensation.

Seemingly without encountering any bottlenecks, he emulated Zhang Haobo from his memories and used the "Green Wind True Intent" to build his foundation.

After successfully establishing his foundation, Ye Feipeng returned to the deserted island, proudly flaunting his success to everyone. He even took on the tone of an elder, lecturing Xiao Heng and others.

Stimulated by this, Xiao Heng became more devoted to his cultivation.

A month later, after reaching Qi Condensation perfection, Xiao Heng went to the altar in the White Bone Realm and obtained the top-grade Human Treasure, the "Burial Sea Bone Sword."

He successfully entered the Foundation Establishment stage.

This Foundation Treasure was naturally prepared by Li Fan for him.

After establishing his foundation, the first thing Xiao Heng did was to challenge Ye Feipeng again.

Both had recently advanced, and neither could precisely control their own strength.

After battling for a long time, they couldn't determine the winner and had to settle for a draw.

Sighing, Xiao Heng's initial excitement disappeared.

In contrast, Ye Feipeng, who was originally self-satisfied, felt a renewed sense of crisis.

Instead of staying on the deserted island, Ye Feipeng went out to practice and search for opportunities based on the memories from his past life.

Li Fan then checked the situations of the other individuals.

Among them, Su Xiaomei progressed the fastest and had the highest cultivation.

Although she was still a child and spent most of her time playing every day, without much determination to diligently cultivate, her excellent talent had brought her to the late stage of Qi Condensation. It was believed that she was not far from breaking through to the Foundation Establishment stage.

Next was Zhang Haobo, who had reached the mid stage of Qi Condensation.

Su Changyu and the Yin sisters had already purified themselves of the miasma and officially embarked on the path of immortality.

Feeling the occasional emergence of the corresponding feedback cultivation from their bodies, Li Fan seemed like a diligent farmer.

It was as if he saw green leeks rushing out of the ground, growing vigorously, or as if he were witnessing a golden wheat field in autumn, with heavy ears of wheat bending the stalks.

The joy of the harvest overflowed.

Under the delight, a sudden comprehension occurred, and there was a sense of relief in his heart.

The arduous bottleneck broke without any effort.

There was no longer a barrier ahead; it was a smooth path.

As long as he could comprehend the laws of heaven and earth, he could then condense the Golden Core effortlessly.

Unexpectedly, everything went so smoothly this time, making Li Fan feel optimistic.

However, Li Fan remained very clear-headed.

He had stayed in the later stage of Foundation Establishment for so long and had laboriously accumulated strength for a breakthrough.

Moreover, he had only broken through the bottleneck now, and there was still a distance to go before truly condensing the Golden Core.

"To comprehend the laws of heaven and earth..."

Recalling the various information he had read in the Tianxuan Mirror and scenes from the previous life when Zhang Haobo condensed a False Core with the Water Wind Sword Technique, Li Fan silently contemplated, "With my accumulated experience, condensing the Golden Core is just a simple matter."

"Whether it's the Water Law corresponding to the Cong Yun Sea or the Sword Law corresponding to the Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords or even the Wind Law that Zhang Haobo and Ye Feipeng have dealt with..."

"By choosing any one of them and studying it slightly, I believe I can condense the core with little effort."

"But, the Golden Core formed in this way is far from being worthy of my Foundation Treasure, [Truth]."

"Creating something out of nothing, making the false appear true."

"This is the root of my Foundation Treasure."

"This is also why I can transform [Truth] into any Heavenly Treasure that I have absorbed."

"All Heavenly Treasures are at my disposal."

"In terms of the Golden Core, it would be..."

Li Fan's thoughts paused for a moment.

"All laws of heaven and earth are my laws."

"If an ordinary cultivator is forming the Golden Core, they would only condense one or a few pure laws."

"So what I need to do is to condense..."

"A myriad of Golden Core laws."

Li Fan took a deep breath, suppressing the sudden throbbing in his heart.

"For other cultivators, no matter how talented they are, even if they spend their entire lives, they can't achieve this."

"But for me, who possesses [Truth], as long as I can ensure successful reincarnation repeatedly, it's trivial."

"However, this process will undoubtedly take an extremely long time. Perhaps I can choose a suitable law first, break through to the Golden Core stage, and then see."

"It would be best to maximize the improvement in combat power."

If one were to talk about the most powerful killing power, from all the experiences and knowledge he had gained since entering the cultivation world.

The Heavenly Calamity Sword and Ink Death were the most terrifying.

"Ink Death is a force of pure destruction that annihilates everything."

The blue crystal in the sea of consciousness slowly emitted light, vividly replaying the scene of the past when Ink Death exterminated everything.

"At that time, the one who witnessed this scene of world destruction was just a Qi Condensation clone. Its perception was not enough to support me in condensing the Golden Core with this law."

"But when Ink Death descends again in this life, it's an excellent opportunity to add to my understanding. I can observe it again."

"As for the Heavenly Calamity Sword..."

Thinking about it, Li Fan's eyebrows slightly furrowed.

This sword was filled with killing intent, chaos, madness, and tyranny.

Its origin was unknown.

But just the broken hilt alone could contend with the Dao Integration Realm Green Wind.

Its original full strength was unimaginable.

"If I want to condense the Golden Core with the Heavenly Calamity Sword technique, my previous accumulation may not be enough."

Li Fan's gaze flickered as he thought of the scene he had seen before when the Master forcibly broke into the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

The blue ox pulled the carriage, and the Master forced out the Heavenly Doctor.

Then, all the anomalies in the Heavenly Palace erupted in unison.

Among them, one was deeply embedded in the body of the turtle-snake monster.

It was the body of the Heavenly Calamity Sword.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 243: Taiyi Absorbs the Heavenly Calamity


"Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, Patriarch Taiyi..."

Li Fan pondered for a moment, and a plan formed in his mind.

He certainly wouldn't risk his life to go to Taiyi Hall to personally test the power of the Heavenly Calamity Sword.

However, with the Formless Killing Intent, he didn't need to venture into danger.

Using his clone, he went out and made some arrangements.

Meanwhile, Li Fan's main body quietly arrived in front of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, waiting for an opportunity.

Soon, a guide on exploring the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace appeared from an unknown source and spread throughout the entire Cong Yun Sea.

Initially, cultivators were skeptical of the content in this "guide."

However, as some cultivators conducted experiments with their lives and genuinely gained inheritances, the validity of the guide was verified.

Mastering the rules of an anomaly meant avoiding almost all casualties.

Therefore, the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, which had always attracted cultivators for exploration, became even more lively.

Not only did some adventurous rogue cultivators participate, but even cautious members of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, after obtaining the "solution" to clearing the palace, couldn't resist the temptation.

They flocked to the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, seeking their own fortunes.

As Li Fan, who had been waiting for a long time, selected those with good fortune using the Formless Killing Intent technique.

He used them as his eyes to investigate the mysteries of the Heavenly Calamity Sword.

Because the guide clearly stated the method to approach Taiyi Hall and awaken the turtle-snake monster.

However, it did not mention the opportunities that could be obtained at Taiyi Hall.

According to normal thinking, the deeper into the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, the more valuable opportunities one would obtain.

Among these adventurers, there were naturally those full of exploratory spirit and courage.

Thus, under Li Fan's watchful eyes, nearly a dozen people, even after gaining benefits from various places in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, were still not satisfied and headed towards Taiyi Hall.

They arrived in front of the sword forest.

Although the pain of the swords piercing their hearts was terrifying, when thinking about the treasures ahead, the pain seemed to lessen significantly.

The group gritted their teeth, enduring the intense pain, and eventually, they arrived at the square in front of the Taiyi Hall, exhausted.

Following the guide, they shouted and yelled.

"I am the 167th generation disciple of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, I request an audience with Patriarch Taiyi!"

"Patriarch Taiyi, please come out and meet us!"

The shouts echoed throughout the hall.

"Boom!"

The earth trembled, and Taiyi Hall rose into the air.

Under the frightened and expectant gazes of the crowd, the turtle-snake monster actually appeared.

It looked a bit bewildered as it looked at the people in front of it, taking a long time to react.

However, a few more clever cultivators began to operate the inherited martial arts they obtained from the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, proving their identities.

Others quickly followed suit.

For a moment, lights from various martial arts shone on Taiyi, as per the guide's instructions.

"You guys..."

The slow-witted turtle-snake monster finally recovered.

"Are you all disciples of my Cloud Water Heavenly Palace?"

It scanned each one, confirming their identities one by one.

Looking at the cultivators with a wide range of expressions in front of it, its murky eyes were full of sighs and happiness.

"It's been a long time since our Cloud Water Heavenly Palace was so lively."

"Since..."

"Wait a minute, it seems like I've forgotten something important."

The turtle-snake monster's tone changed, and its eyes suddenly became confused.

Then, as if remembering something, its expression changed drastically.

The square trembled, and Taiyi Hall shook violently.

For some reason, the huge body of the turtle-snake monster began to tremble uncontrollably.

"Children..."

It spoke with a trembling voice, struggling to roar.

"Run!"

In front of the Taiyi Hall, the originally excited cultivators were all stunned.

They thought they had heard it wrong.

"What does it mean for us to run?"

The crowd looked at each other, bewildered and puzzled.

However, as the shaking of the earth became increasingly apparent and intense, the crowd finally realized that something was wrong.

"Run!"

The desperate voice of the Patriarch Taiyi rang out again.

With its cry, a faint blue light appeared on the bodies of the cultivators.

It was the same method as before that was capable of teleporting cultivators out of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

However, just as the blue light was about to take shape, a pitch-black sword with an ominous aura suddenly manifested.

This time, it didn't summon a myriad of sword shadows to pierce the turtle-snake monster.

Instead, it seemed as if it wanted to break free from Taiyi's body.

Sharp and grating friction sounds could be heard as Taiyi let out a painful cry.

The spell casting for the teleportation was immediately interrupted.

"Buzz!"

The broken body of the Heavenly Calamity Sword was about to completely detach from Taiyi.

"No!"

The turtle-snake monster roared in anger, and its body suddenly sank downward.

It was as if an infinite suction force was generated inside its body,

The sword was gradually reabsorbed into its body inch by inch.

This action by the Patriarch Taiyi seemed to enrage the Heavenly Calamity Sword.

Countless sword shadows fell like rain, mercilessly piercing through Taiyi's body.

Taiyi screamed in pain but refused to let go.

From the emergence of the original form of the Heavenly Calamity Sword to the turtle-snake using its body as a scabbard to block the attacks of the Heavenly Calamity Sword, it all happened in the blink of an eye.

With Taiyi's mournful cry, the cultivators on the square finally woke up from their stupor.

With fearful expressions, they tried to escape.

However, the sword forest in front had already made their arrival extremely difficult.

How could they easily escape at this moment?

Just as the cultivators had barely crossed half the distance of the sword forest, the Heavenly Calamity Sword finally completely broke free from Taiyi's body.

"Buzz!"

The sound of the sword rang out again.

As if disdainful of personally taking action, the tip of the Heavenly Calamity Sword did not point towards the escaping cultivators.

Instead, it aimed in the direction behind the Taiyi Hall.

The sound of the sword rang out.

"Bang!"

"Bang!"

"Bang!"

...

The fleeing cultivators' heads exploded one after another like watermelons, still moving forward for quite a distance until they collapsed.

At the same time, Li Fan instantly lost sight of the Taiyi Hall.

He could only vaguely see through the perspective of the cultivators exploring other areas.

Just as the pitch-black Heavenly Calamity Sword raged, a giant blue hand suddenly appeared behind the Taiyi Hall.

It grabbed the sword and forcefully thrust it back into the body of the Patriarch Taiyi.

The ear-piercing friction sound echoed throughout the entire Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

At this moment, all the cultivators exploring inside the palace groaned, suffering varying degrees of injuries.

They all revealed horrified expressions.

Accompanying the screeching sound was the extremely tragic howl of the Patriarch Taiyi.

"Hanhai..."

The voice was like muffled thunder, rumbling all over.

Taiyi's painful cries seemed like a sigh of relief.

There was no resentment.

As the Heavenly Calamity Sword regained control, the myriad sword shadows gradually disappeared.

With a thunderous roar, Taiyi Hall descended, and Patriarch Taiyi fell into a deep sleep once more.

Everything returned to calm.

However, that giant blue hand slowly turned as pitch-black as the Heavenly Calamity Sword.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 244: Dual Law Golden Core Refinement


A tyrannical and frenzied intent emanated from the pitch-black giant hand.

It was similar to the previously suppressed Heavenly Calamity Sword.

However, before this ominous giant hand could take any action, an immense blue light suddenly lit up from behind the Taiyi Hall, deep within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

It appeared as an endless ocean suspended in the sky.

Under the reflection of the blue light, the giant hand seemed to be constantly washed by endless seawater.

The darkness on the giant hand slowly faded away.

It reverted to its original color.

The blue light suddenly withdrew, and the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace returned to silence.

Many cultivators who witnessed this series of events believed that some extraordinary treasure had appeared there.

Summoning their courage, they cautiously approached to see what was happening.

The first thing they saw was a dozen headless corpses scattered on the ground.

Their expressions changed drastically.

Recalling the giant sword emitting an ominous black aura they had seen earlier, the onlookers didn't dare to make any unnecessary moves and hastily retreated.

News of the sudden change and danger in the depths of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace quickly spread through the Cong Yun Sea as cultivators exchanged information.

"It seems that it won't be so easy to deceive people into activating the Heavenly Calamity Sword next time."

"However, with the Divine Transformation Dao, there isn't a difference between watching it once or multiple times."

Having achieved his goal, Li Fan quietly returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, he kept replaying in his mind the scene where the Heavenly Calamity Sword was unsheathed and harvested the lives of more than ten cultivators.

From the Vision of Heaven and Earth, Li Fan saw that the spiritual energy around the cultivators, which was usually calm, became chaotic the moment the sound of the sword arrived.

It seemed as if the spiritual energy turned into Calamityrp yet flexible strings, slicing through the heads of the cultivators with each vibration.

"Calamity..."

Repeatedly comprehending it hundreds of times, Li Fan gradually gained some insights.

The scene shifted, and Li Fan focused his attention on what happened afterward.

An infinite amount of blue light surged into the sky, forming an inverted ocean.

Majestic and spectacular.

Li Fan carefully comprehended.

"This blue energy gives me a very familiar feeling."

"It seems very similar to the Cong Yun Sea."

"But for some reason, the ocean imagery represented by this blue light seems to be much more expansive than the Cong Yun Sea..."

"Hanhai..." [1]

Originally, Li Fan planned to use the Heavenly Calamity and Ink Death laws to condense the Golden Core first. However, after unexpectedly witnessing the blue light of the Hanhai, Li Fan became hesitant.

This blue light of the Hanhai seemed to have the same origin as the Cong Yun Sea.

Since Li Fan was extremely familiar with the Cong Yun Sea and had personally used the Canghai Pearl to build his foundation, using the Hanhai law to condense the Golden Core would evidently have more advantages.

"From the scene where the Heavenly Calamity infected and transformed the blue light, it can be deduced that the Heavenly Calamity law might have some impact on the mind, making it difficult to suppress the violent killing intent."

"And the blue light of the Hanhai can serve as a buffer."

"Along with the Ink Death law, if the Hanhai law falls short, it can be supplemented with the Azure Flame law..."

"Condensing into a single Fourfold Golden Core."

With the basic plan in mind, Li Fan temporarily put aside other matters and immersed himself in closed-door cultivation.

The duration of condensing the Golden Core varied based on individual aptitude and the different laws one cultivated.

Previously, with the support of the will of the Cong Yun Sea, Zhang Haobo took just over a month to condense a False Core using the Water and Wind laws.

However, if it were Li Fan, it might not be so easy.

His Foundation Treasure quietly transformed into the Canghai Pearl.

Threads of blue light, representing the power of the water attribute law, surged from the Canghai Pearl.

Like silkworm silk, it wove and surrounded the Canghai Pearl.

Li Fan envisioned the scene of Hanhai taking action.

He blended his own law comprehension into it.

The blue light surging from the Canghai Pearl seemed to undergo a change in an instant.

It became deeper and more ancient.

Since the Canghai Pearl shared many similarities with the Hanhai law, this process was much faster than Li Fan had anticipated.

Gradually, a deep blue halo enveloped the surroundings of the Canghai Pearl.

A very rudimentary Golden Core took shape.

"If I continue like this, a pure Golden Core using the Hanhai law might be condensed immediately."

"However, that's not my goal."

"Next, add the Heavenly Calamity law."

In Li Fan's sea of consciousness, the moment when the Heavenly Calamity Sword was unsheathed kept replaying.

Strands of darkness suddenly surged out from the core of the Foundation Treasure, like ink overflowing in the blue light.

But what made Li Fan frown slightly was that the black color representing the Heavenly Calamity law didn't last for long.

It persisted for a moment within the enveloping blue light and then disappeared without a trace.

Li Fan, who had read the experiences of many cultivators who had formed a core, immediately understood.

This was because the Heavenly Calamity law lacked a source within Li Fan's body.

It could only manifest briefly like water without a source, unable to last.

The Hanhai law naturally had an endless source in the Canghai Pearl.

This was also the reason why cultivators often couldn't simultaneously master multiple laws when forming the core.

Without one's own Foundation Treasure as the root, condensing a core with multiple laws was not easy.

Li Fan tried for a long time, but the speed of condensing the Heavenly Calamity law was always slower than its dissipation.

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan temporarily gave up the attempt.

Instead, he began to contemplate the scene when Zhang Haobo was forming his core.

The black sword intent shadow, magnified countless times, stood between heaven and earth.

Green wind blew in from the sword tip above, and the blue water flowed in from the sword hilt below.

The three colors, blue, black, and green, mixed together, and the sword body slowly condensed.

...

Li Fan's eyes brightened, showing signs of deep contemplation.

"Zhang Haobo used the Water and Wind laws, which naturally exists in heaven and earth, combined with his own Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent to form a core together."

"The natural laws of heaven and earth are endless, so there's no need to worry about source."

"Perhaps this is why many cultivators have to travel far and wide to personally comprehend and absorb the laws of heaven and earth when forming their core."

"But I can't do that."

"The Heavenly Calamity law, the Hanhai law, and the Ink Death law, each one is more dangerous than the other."

"Going to the scene to observe it in person would probably not lead to the formation of the core but would instead cost me my life."

"Fortunately, I have [Truth]."

With a thought, the Foundation Treasure transformed into the Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent in the blink of an eye.

The blue Hanhai law, which was originally gathered into a ball, lost its foundation in an instant and began to dissipate.

However, it had already formed a self-sustaining momentum, and its dissipation speed slowed down considerably.

During this time, Li Fan had enough time to condense the Heavenly Calamity law.

The black color gradually intensified.

It was as if layer after layer of dark shackles were added to the blue water ball.

Time slowly passed.

After the embryonic form of the Heavenly Calamity law was established, Li Fan promptly switched the Foundation Treasure back to the Canghai Pearl, restoring the blue Hanhai law.

Repeating this process continuously, slowly, within Li Fan's dantian.

The Golden Core shadow centered around [Truth] gradually took shape.

*****

T/N: Hanhai translates roughly to "Vast Sea"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 245: Unexpected Conflict


"Heavenly Calamity law, Hanhai law."

"If I continue to refine like this, it probably won't be long before I can achieve Golden Core with these two laws."

Li Fan felt a slight joy in his heart.

However, just at the moment when this thought arose in his mind, a sense of crisis suddenly surged into his heart.

It was as if he was facing that mysterious and unpredictable Heavenly Doctor.

The severity of the crisis made him feel horrified and inexplicably shocked.

"Hmm?"

Li Fan's deep cultivation process was suddenly interrupted.

His expression became extremely serious, pondering in confusion.

"Where is this premonition of danger coming from?"

Li Fan was always very confident in his intuition.

Several times before, it had saved him from life-threatening situations.

Therefore, facing this sudden surge of danger, Li Fan had to take it seriously.

[Truth] kept changing, maintaining the embryonic form of the Heavenly Calamity and Hanhai laws that he had finally condensed.

Stopping the core formation process, Li Fan began to contemplate.

However, after much contemplation and searching, he still couldn't find the reason.

Without recklessly attempting to form the core, Li Fan instead thought about ways to resolve the issue.

"Heavenly Calamity, Hanhai, it may be that I cannot form a core only with these two laws."

"Although it's not clear why, there must be a deeper reason behind it."

"Let's just set aside why this result occurred for now and treat 'Cannot form a core only with the Heavenly Calamity and Hanhai laws' as a fact."

"Since these two don't work, then let's add a third..."

The Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit suddenly appeared in his sea of consciousness.

Flying to Li Fan's side, it pointed at his dantian.

The Azure Flame law slowly joined the core formation process.

As time passed, the Heavenly Calamity, Hanhai, and Azure Flame laws gradually formed a three-pronged situation.

The embryonic form of the Golden Core slowly stabilized.

At this point, Li Fan once again had the idea of completely forming the core.

The sense of crisis struck again.

However, this time it was much milder than before.

"It seems that my approach is effective."

"But what is the reason for this?"

"Is it because the Heavenly Calamity and Hanhai laws are dangerous and need to be diluted?"

Recalling how the Heavenly Calamity was trapped by the Green Wind and the peculiarities of Hanhai, Li Fan could only make such a guess.

"If my speculation is correct, then as long as I add other laws during the core formation process, it should be fine."

"With my current ability, maintaining the simultaneous formation of four laws is already the limit."

"The remaining choice for one law includes..."

"Green Wind, Crimson Flame..."

Li Fan shook his head inwardly.

Of these two, one was a jailor, and the other was an executioner.

In terms of strength and rank, Li Fan felt that they were not on the same level as the Heavenly Calamity and Hanhai laws.

As for the Azure Flame, although it seemed a bit weaker, its ability to maintain absolute rationality was the reason Li Fan prioritized it.

"16 years have already passed."

"This life, Crimson Flame and Ink Death are expected to annihilate everything by the 28th year."

"I still have 12 years, so I can take my time."

Li Fan pondered, resisting the temptation to advance, temporarily giving up on forming the core.

The power of the laws that had been condensed with great difficulty in his dantian gradually dissipated.

However, Li Fan had no regrets.

The terrifying power of Ink Death's annihilation was something no cultivator could resist.

Even if it was just a weakened version at the Golden Core level, it must still be terrifying.

For the sake of this, waiting for 12 years was completely worth it.

"The day when the Ink Death annihilates the Cong Yun Sea is the day I achieve Golden Core."

"However, during this time, my cultivation cannot advance."

"The feedback cultivation of the Mountain Meditation Technique is going to be wasted."

"Su Xiaomei, Zhang Haobo, and the others breaking through to the Foundation Establishment stage is basically a sure thing."

"After that, there might be a huge amount of feedback from Ye Feipeng if he reaches Dao Integration..."

"Hmm..."

Li Fan suddenly felt a pang of pain, as if countless grains were being wasted before his eyes.

"I have to figure out a way to save this surplus cultivation."

Just as he was about to search for a solution in the Tianxuan Mirror, a solemn message suddenly appeared.

"From this instant, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance enters Level B preparedness."

"All province guardian arrays are to be activated."

"All cultivators are forbidden from moving across provinces."

"All institutional members must return to the province capital as soon as possible and await further instructions."

"Upon discovering foreign cultivators, execute on the spot."

...

Li Fan's eyes twitched, and he abruptly stood up.

"What's going on?"

"Why did we suddenly enter a state of preparedness?"

"Level B..."

"Has the conflict with the Five Elders Association already started?"

In an instant, several thoughts flashed through Li Fan's mind.

This sudden event was completely beyond his expectations.

He didn't know what went wrong, leading to the occurrence of a major event that had never happened before.

Quickly suppressing these distracting thoughts, Li Fan began to inquire from his friends.

Currently, he had a wide range of friendships, and his network was quite extensive.

One by one, he sent out inquiries.

"Hmm? What's happening with this star..."

Inside the Ten Thousand Immortals Communication Talisman, among the stars that represented the identities of many cultivators, one star, although bright, showed a desolate gray color.

This indicated that the cultivator represented by this star had fallen.

Li Fan clicked on this star, and the identity of the fallen cultivator instantly appeared in his mind.

"Cong Yun Sea, Medicine Hall's Chen Ying."

Li Fan was shocked.

"Him? How could a Nascent Soul cultivator fall so easily?"

"Moreover, didn't he go to those Five Element Subworlds..."

"Wait a minute, could it be that this battle is related to those Five Element Subworlds?"

In an instant, Li Fan seemed to think of something.

In the twelfth life, in the sixteenth year, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance discovered four hidden subworlds near the wood attribute subworld.

These five subworlds belonged to the gold, wood, water, fire, and earth attributes, and were arranged as if in a unified formation.

The discovery of these five elemental subworlds attracted the coveting eyes of the Five Elders Association.

A large-scale battle erupted, leading to the fall of a Soul Transformation powerhouse from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The casualties of the Five Elders were unknown, but they were successfully repelled.

"If my guess is correct..."

In a flash, Li Fan seemed to figure out the cause of the incident.

In the twelfth life, the Five Elders Association only knew that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had discovered subworlds corresponding to the five elements.

They might not be clear about the specific situation inside those subworlds.

Therefore, after trying and failing to enter, they gave up and retreated.

However, in this life, due to the disturbance caused by the Spirit Mist Grass, the Tianxuan Mirror had to intervene to stabilize the situation and market.

Although it quelled the storm with a single word, it inadvertently revealed the situation of the wood attribute subworld.

"...The scale of this subworld is extremely large, with extremely high wood attribute spiritual energy, and an extremely rich variety of spiritual plants and herbs..."

Recalling the wording of the Tianxuan Mirror at the time, Li Fan's face changed dramatically.

The three consecutive uses of the word "extreme" fully illustrated the extraordinary value of this subworld.

Even one of the Five Element Subworlds had such remarkable value.

It was unimaginable what treasures might exist in the other four elemental subworlds.

Understanding the key points, Li Fan couldn't help but feel enlightened.

"No wonder we suddenly entered a state of preparedness."

"It should be the Five Elders Association taking decisive action."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 246: Battle in Tianling Province


"I wonder how the specific situation is on the side of the Five Element Subworlds."

From what Li Fan knew, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association had not waged war for about three hundred years.

They occasionally had friction, but at most, it was limited to a single province.

Situations like this one, where the entire area was prepared for war, were extremely rare.

Li Fan continued to inquire about the reasons for the outbreak of the conflict from his friends, trying to confirm whether his speculations were true.

Unfortunately, the war seemed to have a very high level of secrecy. The responses Li Fan received were all uncertain.

The ominous clouds of war hung over everyone.

The originally carefree atmosphere of Ten Thousand Immortals Island became desolate and filled with an oppressive air.

Everyone's faces showed a subtle and uneasy expression.

As a Formation Repairer of the Formation Hall, Li Fan also received task assignments.

He followed the members of the Martial Hall, forming a team to patrol along the border of the Cong Yun Sea.

They were also tasked with setting up formations while being vigilant against spies from the Five Elders Association.

The leader of Li Fan's team was a cultivator named Shan Wu, a mid stage Golden Core expert.

In the team, there were also Huan Sui and several other Foundation Establishment cultivators Li Fan had previously met during the beast extermination task.

Li Fan's patrol team was not the only one.

Almost all the mobilizable forces of Ten Thousand Immortals Island were put into action, indicating the importance attached to this war.

As for Jiang Zhengji and Du Xingchang, they were reportedly requisitioned by the headquarters and went to the frontline.

"When Jiang Zhengji and Du Xingchang unite, they can deploy their ultimate technique, the 'Crystal World,' and become comparable to an ordinary Nascent Soul cultivator."

"And Zhang Zhiliang also seems to have been called to the frontline."

"Are Nascent Soul cultivators the main force in the war..."

Li Fan contemplated inwardly.

The scale of this war seemed to exceed his expectations.

"Other things are not a problem, but I'm afraid that if the 'reborn' Ye Feipeng finds out that things are different from what he remembers..."

"With his suspicious and cautious nature, he might just give up the plan to kill Crimson Flame."

"Then my plans for this life will be in vain."

With a thought, the scene shifted to the chubby Ye Feipeng.

What slightly relieved Li Fan was that the Cong Yun Sea was large enough.

Moreover, Ye Feipeng had always avoided the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance due to certain reasons. He was currently unaware of the large-scale war occurring in the cultivation world.

"I hope the war can end soon and not extend to the Cong Yun Sea."

In the face of unexpected events, even a reincarnated person like Li Fan couldn't control much.

It must be said that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had strong control over the low-level cultivators.

The confidentiality of the war was almost impeccable.

On the surface, the Cong Yun Sea seemed a bit tense, but there was absolutely no sign of full-out war.

If it weren't for the constantly rising permission level reminding Li Fan of the war, he wouldn't have sensed anything.

Li Fan was completely unaware that in a distant and unknown area, a monumental battle was taking place.

Time passed slowly.

Several months had passed, and the sixteenth year was coming to an end.

During this period, apart from occasionally repelling a few small groups of enemies, the war had not affected the Cong Yun Sea much, as Li Fan had hoped.

And under the continuous completion of wartime merit tasks, Li Fan's permission level had also increased to Eighteen.

On this day, the prompt from the Tianxuan Mirror finally came.

The dust of war settled, and the state of preparedness that had lasted for more than eight months was lifted.

As for the result of the war, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance naturally emerged victorious.

After the intelligence was declassified, through enthusiastic discussions and reviews among the cultivators, Li Fan finally gained a rough understanding of the causes and consequences of this war.

Nine months ago.

A team of Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators, tasked with developing the Wood Attribute Subworld, discovered during their research that the wood attribute spiritual energy in the subworld was not like ordinary subworlds. Instead of being consumed and requiring a long time to recover, the spiritual energy seemed to come from an unknown source, continuously replenishing itself.

It seemed as if it would never be completely depleted: after a large batch of spiritual plants consumed a huge amount of spiritual energy, it would immediately be replenished.

This discovery greatly surprised the cultivators because this spiritual energy was obviously not generated by the Wood Attribute Subworld itself, nor did it come from the Xuanhuang Realm outside.

After analysis, the cultivators believed that this Wood Attribute Subworld belonged to an extremely rare composite subworld.

And the rapidly generated spiritual energy came from the supplementation of other subworlds.

After a rather convoluted search, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance team finally discovered the complete form of the Five Element Subworlds.

This was a tremendous achievement!

In the midst of their jubilation, the exploration team couldn't help but feel a bit worried.

Because the location where the Five Element Subworlds were found was quite awkward.

It was located in Tianling Province, which bordered the territory of the Five Elders Association.

Having such a treasure located on the frontline made people uneasy.

So, the exploration team transmitted the information to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters.

While explaining the situation, they also hoped that the headquarters could send support to move the Five Element Subworlds back to the hinterland, near Tianyu Province.

Who would have thought that before the support from the headquarters arrived, members of the Five Elders Association had already come.

Somehow, the information had leaked.

The surprise attack by the Five Elders Association caught everyone off guard.

The entire exploration team inside the Wood Attribute Subworld was annihilated.

According to the information they transmitted before their deaths, the assault by the Five Elders Association cultivators even included three Dao Integration powerhouses.

Under the joint efforts of the three Dao Integration cultivators, the Five Element Subworlds were dragged and quickly moved towards the territory of the Five Elders Association.

Not only did they infiltrate the territory secretly, but in broad daylight, the Five Elders Association slaughtered many members of the alliance and plundered precious subworld resources.

This was a blatant act of humiliation!

Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters immediately decided to enter Class B wartime preparedness status, mobilizing eight Dao Integration cultivators and several Soul Transformation cultivators to pursue the Five Elders Association.

They must retrieve the Five Element Subworlds.

Then they ordered each province to be on high alert, preventing the Five Elders Association from deceiving them and having ulterior motives.

Relocating a subworld was not an easy task.

Even if Dao Integration experts were involved, it was still difficult.

When the eight Dao Integration cultivators caught up with the Five Elders Association, ready to take action, they suddenly discovered that the other party had indeed planned for a long time.

In addition to the three Dao Integration cultivators who launched the surprise attack, there were secretly five more Dao Integration experts lying in ambush.

Eight Dao Integration Immortal Sages against eight Dao Integration Immortal Sages.

A battle erupted immediately.

The process and outcome of the battle were unknown.

All that was known was that after this battle, the Five Element Subworlds remained in place.

Both the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association tacitly recalled the surviving Dao Integration cultivators.

Afterwards, a war mainly involving Soul Transformation and below cultivators unfolded around the Five Element Subworlds.

The war lasted for nearly eight months.

Numerous cultivators fell.

Death announcements occurred in the sky from dawn to dusk, never stopping for a moment.

In the end, when both sides had somewhat depleted their vitality, the war inexplicably came to a halt.

Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance claimed internally that they had won the war because the Five Element Subworlds were indeed later moved back to the hinterland of Tianyu Province.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 247: Setbacks in Fish Gambling


As for the true nature of the war, it was beyond Li Fan's current knowledge.

As the dark clouds lingering over everyone gradually dispersed, and the mobilized cultivators returned to their hometowns, the eight-month-long war left an impression on people as if it were a dream and hadn't happened.

It was only when occasionally mentioning those fellow Daoists who were lost that the memories of this fierce war would flicker in their minds.

Li Fan naturally had acquaintances among the fallen cultivators.

The first was the Medicinal Hall's Chen Ying, who died early in the ambush by the Five Elders Association.

In the Cong Yun Sea's Martial Hall, Jiang Zhengji and Du Xingchang both perished.

The Formation Hall also suffered heavy losses.

Out of the three mobilized, Gong Boyu and another Nascent Soul Formation master named Mu Bowen were involved in a battle between Soul Transformation experts and did not survive.

Only Zhang Zhiliang survived.

There were countless other cultivators holding various positions on Ten Thousand Immortals Island who had only briefly interacted with Li Fan and had perished in this war.

The brutality of the Tianling Province war was evident.

Fortunately, what the world lacked least was cultivators who would step forward and sacrifice their lives for a cause.

With a single notice from the Tianxuan Mirror, the war and the deaths it brought were quickly forgotten by everyone.

Within three years, every cultivator could purchase a technique at a discounted rate of seventy percent off the original price.

Each person was limited to purchasing one, and it was not transferable.

Once this news came out, the cultivators who were still somewhat melancholic all perked up and became excited.

Those who were just barely short on contribution points now had enough to afford their desired technique at a discounted price. They naturally seized the opportunity and joyfully began cultivation.

As for those who were considerably short on contribution points but could barely afford the technique with three years of effort, they started frantically taking on tasks to accumulate contribution points.

Finally, those who had little remaining contribution points and had no chance even with three years of effort resorted to borrowing or "get rich quick" schemes.

As the most renowned method of sudden wealth accumulation in the Cong Yun Sea, the upcoming fish gambling event at the end of the 16th year attracted several times more participants than usual.

The sky above the islands was densely packed with people who came to join the excitement.

Li Fan was naturally among them.

He vividly remembered that this time, the fish king was a white pomfret.

Although his contribution points were already sufficient, Li Fan wouldn't let go of any opportunity for wealth growth.

Choosing his target, he placed his bet.

The observation period of twenty-seven days quickly passed.

Soon, the day when the lake water erupted towards the sky arrived, and the grand prize was born.

Most cultivators had bloodshot eyes, looking tense, not daring to make any unusual sounds, only staring intently at the countless fish struggling with each other in the lake below.

The final result surprised Li Fan.

The fish king this time was not the white pomfret he remembered.

Instead, it was a spirited swordfish covered in golden light.

"I won! I won! The grand prize! I won!"

Amid the murmurs and curses of the cultivators, a particularly excited howl stood out.

Looking in the direction of the sound, Li Fan saw a young cultivator with disheveled hair and tattered clothes, yet was incredibly excited, his face flushed.

"Grand prize! I won the grand prize!"

As if afraid that others wouldn't know, he shouted frantically.

Ignoring many murderous gazes, the young cultivator laughed heartily, looking almost crazy.

"Damn, isn't this Han Yi? Heard that he got swindled by some Foundation Establishment Grandmaster a few years ago and became extremely miserable. Unexpectedly, fortune has turned in his favor today, and he hit the jackpot!"

"What kind of dog shit luck is this!"

"How come I never get a chance like this? I just lost all the few hundred contribution points I had painstakingly saved up!"

"So many people this time, and the jackpot is winner takes all. It's the end of the year, and they're going to empty the usual prize pool..."

"Damn, the final reward is estimated to be at least a million contribution points or more!"

After a rough estimate, the gazes of the cultivators towards Han Yi changed.

Due to winning the jackpot, Han Yi, who had somewhat forgotten himself, finally noticed something amidst the increasing number of eyes fixed on him.

Under the many scrutinizing gazes, his expression became increasingly nervous.

Fortunately, the rules of fish gambling were still in place, and the safety of the winner was guaranteed under the public eye.

Otherwise, if it was so easy to kill and seize the jackpot, the number of cultivators participating in fish gambling would surely decrease over time.

It would be better to take advantage of the opportunity to promote the event widely, attracting even more cultivators in the future?

A destitute Foundation Establishment cultivator with no way out gambled desperately and received a complete change of fortunes.

From then on, they would ascend to the peak of life, with Nascent Soul and even Soul Transformation in sight.

What advertising slogan could be more attractive than this living example?

Under the exchanged glances of the fish gambling organizers, Han Yi was soon brought to the center of the crowd.

After some calculations, the organizers immediately transferred the huge reward of 1.56 million contribution points to Han Yi on the spot.

Upon receiving the reward, Han Yi's expression lost his excitement and instead became confused, as if he couldn't believe all of this was real.

His face still had a somewhat blank look.

And the greed that flowed from the eyes of those onlooker cultivators became more and more frightening.

To ensure the safety of this fortunate winner, the fish gambling organizers decided to personally escort Han Yi back to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Those cultivators who had lost all their money to Han Yi followed unwillingly.

Soon, under the crowd's escort, Han Yi left the area.

Only the swordfish, still quietly digesting the spiritual energy of other competing fish, remained.

As well as Li Fan.

Watching the swordfish's aura constantly strengthening, Li Fan couldn't help but sink into deep thought.

"Why is the result of this life different from what I experienced?"

"Where was the variable?"

Li Fan, who lost the grand prize, didn't feel too bothered.

Besides fish gambling, he had many other ways to earn a large number of contribution points.

The cause behind the different result was what truly interested him.

"Logically, except for the increase in participants, there shouldn't be anything that could affect the result of the fish gambling."

Li Fan stood still, pondering for a long time without getting a reliable answer.

He decided to use the secret technique "Divine Transformation Dao," continuously replaying the scene of fish gambling in his mind.

Slowly, Li Fan saw something.

What Li Fan thought of as "no major variables" was from the perspective of a cultivator.

But from the perspective of the countless fish participating in the fish gambling, variables were everywhere.

Perhaps it was the change in water flow caused by some item casually discarded by a cultivator.

Or it might be a fish whose trajectory was altered due to being intimidated by the aura of a cultivator.

...

Because the fish were too weak, and the cultivators were too powerful.

Those who were weak could only be dragged by the waves of the powerful and be at the mercy of their every minor action.

Li Fan gained some insight.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 248: Soul Transformation vs. Dao Integration


Li Fan, who had gotten the answers he wanted, did not leave immediately.

Instead, he waited for the transformation of the swordfish to complete.

After a long time, the swordfish, whose body had become much stronger, finally absorbed the essence of its kin completely.

Satisfied, it shook off its body and swam back into the sea.

However, it completely failed to notice the five black figures emerging from the depths of the sea, quietly approaching.

Caught off guard, the swordfish fell into the encirclement of the previous fish kings.

Five ugly and ferocious-looking fish, each with strength surpassing that of the swordfish, launched successive attacks against it.

Each of these fish kings was more powerful than the swordfish.

Under their well-coordinated siege, the swordfish quickly found itself in a desperate situation.

Blood sprayed, and it was on the verge of death.

At that moment, above the sea, Li Fan sent a mass of essence into the air.

This was the purest essence of flesh and blood.

It was the result of Lin Fan's continuous research on the hidden potential of the human body during this period.

The power contained in the essence extracted from a perfect stage Foundation Establishment cultivator's body was incredibly potent.

For the swordfish, it was even more nourishing than swallowing all its kin before.

In an instant, the wounds on its body visibly healed.

Moreover, its body size was even larger than in its previous heyday.

This unexpected scene left the several attacking fish kings dumbfounded.

Their attacks involuntarily paused.

Seizing this opportunity, the swordfish, which had been on the defensive, decisively launched a counterattack.

With its ferocious body carrying overwhelming force, it ruthlessly charged towards the fiercest of the fish kings.

It was as swift as lightning and practically unstoppable.

Its golden spear pierced the abdomen of the fish king, ripping the body open.

Dark red blood slowly drifted up to the water's surface.

In an instant, the fish king met its end.

The bloodthirsty swordfish, now with a red glare in its eyes, was about to turn its head to deal with the remaining fish kings.

However, it discovered that the other four fish kings, realizing that something was wrong, had actually fled directly, each escaping for its life.

The swordfish, which narrowly escaped death, was somewhat bewildered.

It swam aimlessly in the sea for a long time, unable to find where the essence that saved its life came from.

In the end, it could only sway its body and swim toward the depths of the ocean.

Watching the swordfish leave his perception range, Li Fan faintly revealed an inexplicable smile.

Casually cleaning up the traces left by the fish kings' battle, he then returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

...

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan sensed within his dantian.

Above the Canghai Pearl that [Truth] had transformed into, he saw the illusory figure of a small person sitting in meditation.

This little person looked quite similar to Li Fan.

"The secret technique of the Tai Shang Sect is indeed profound. This 'Karmic Body' has stored the cultivation equivalent to five years of normal cultivation in this short period."

"It seems that everyone has made considerable progress during this time."

Li Fan nodded in satisfaction with himself.

The 'Karmic Body' was a method Li Fan found that allowed him to store cultivation without breaking through realms.

This technique was said to come from the 'Tai Shang Primordial Scripture.'

In the ancient cultivation world, occasionally, cultivators would practice too quickly, leading to unstable foundations.

At such times, cultivators needed to actively suppress their own realm, consolidating their foundations.

Each sect had its own methods, and the Tai Shang Sect's method was to form an illusory figure in the dantian to contain the excess cultivation.

Because the Tai Shang Sect believed that an unstable foundation was a cultivation tribulation, this illusory figure was also called the 'Tribulation Body.'

With the Karmic Body, Li Fan no longer needed to worry about the feedback of the cultivation from the Mountain Meditation Technique overflowing.

However, the secret technique did not specify whether there was a limit to the cultivation that the Karmic Body could contain.

Therefore, Li Fan needed to personally practice it to find out.

"This method of storing cultivation with the 'Karmic Body' seems to be very similar to the purple core inside Zhang Qianmo's body."

"Perhaps Zhang Qianmo relied on this to suppress his cultivation all along."

Thinking so, Li Fan opened the 'Discussing Dao While Seated.'

Zhang Qianmo's record had already soared to 186 wins and 78 draws.

Still, a victor had not yet emerged.

This left Li Fan somewhat helpless.

As for the previously confident "I Am Invincible" who claimed to have found a method to defeat Zhang Qianmo, he seemed to have disappeared into thin air and had not reappeared.

"Perhaps his method is not ready yet," Li Fan speculated, trying to look at the situation optimistically.

With a casual glance, Li Fan was about to leave when one of the titles caught his attention.

"Dao Integration Against Dao Integration, Tianling Province Battle Review!"

Intrigued, Li Fan couldn't help but click on it.

"The specific casualties of this battle have not been disclosed by both sides. However, based on the identities of the sixteen Dao Integration experts who participated in the battle, it is not difficult to draw a conclusion after thousands of simulations."

"The likelihood of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance losing this battle is above eighty-five percent..."

"Unless among the Soul Transformation experts, there is a peerless powerhouse comparable to a Dao Integration cultivator..."

...

Li Fan was engrossed in reading when he suddenly found that this piece of information had disappeared.

"Removed so quickly..."

"Does this mean that there are indeed forces in the pursuit team of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance comparable to Dao Integration cultivators?"

"Interesting."

Li Fan pondered silently.

In the path of immortal cultivation, the greater the advancement, the greater the gap between each level.

Qi Condensation kills Foundation Establishment, Foundation Establishment slaughters Golden Core, and Golden Core beheads Nascent Soul.

Perhaps extraordinary geniuses could achieve this through their talents and magical powers.

But for Nascent Soul to kill Soul Transformation or Soul Transformation to behead Dao Integration was an almost impossible task.

Of course, the situation of pawns like Zhang Haobo was not within the scope of discussion.

As for Dao Integration slaughtering Longevity Immortal...

That would eliminate the word "almost."

"A Soul Transformation cultivator comparable to Dao Integration... The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's depth is truly deep."

"I wonder if I can contend with Dao Integration experts when I reach Soul Transformation."

"I believe that even if I can't win, I should be able to protect my life."

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan, seeing no more noteworthy information in 'Discussing Dao While Seated,' exited the platform.

After the big battle, it was time to rest and recuperate.

The 17th, 18th, and 19th years were all peaceful in the Cong Yun Sea.

Li Fan also enjoyed a rare long period of closed-door cultivation.

During these three years, the illusory figure of the 'Karmic Body' became more and more lifelike.

The jade slips delivered by Zhang Zhiliang's clone were all learned and mastered.

The second piece of the Dao Transformation Stone had also been fully absorbed.

The performance of the blue crystal in his mind had almost doubled compared to the beginning, and Li Fan's use of the Divine Transformation Dao technique became even more skillful.

As for the "Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra," it was indeed vast and profound.

After several years, Li Fan had only preliminarily understood a small part of it.

However, Li Fan was not in a hurry; he had plenty of time.

After paying a visit to Zhang Zhiliang and passing his test, Li Fan obtained another jade slip from him.

As he was about to leave, Li Fan vaguely sensed that Zhang Zhiliang's aura seemed different from before.

It seemed that some inexplicable changes had occurred in him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 249: Forge of Creation


There was no concrete evidence.

It was just a sudden feeling that surged in Li Fan's heart as he observed Zhang Zhiliang, who remained silent, half of his body shrouded in darkness.

However, Li Fan was always confident in his intuition.

"Perhaps witnessing the tragic deaths of the other two Formation Masters from the Formation Hall on the battlefield has affected him?" Li Fan speculated.

Without asking further questions, he kept this matter firmly in mind.

After bowing respectfully, Li Fan quietly withdrew.

Back in the Tianxuan Mirror, he carefully read the contents of the new jade slip.

Compared to the first one, this one was much more profound, even delving into the knowledge of Zhang Zhiliang's "Infinite Formation."

Li Fan incorporated it into the multitasking cultivation process of "Divine Transformation Dao."

Half a month later, the main body was still cultivating as usual.

Meanwhile, the clone, Fan Lin, had achieved some success in the study of the human body's hidden potential.

Utilizing various literary sources and continuous experimentation on his own body, combined with the descriptions in the "Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra," the clone tirelessly stimulated the boundless energy within him to refine and strengthen his physical body.

Now, relying solely on physical strength without the use of spiritual energy, the destructive power he could unleash was comparable to late stage Qi Condensation.

Since there was no special technique involvedjust the basic manipulation of the hidden potential, similar to tempering oneself like a furnaceLi Fan named it the "Creation Forge Art."

It had no real connection to creation and was mainly focused on the forging of the body, but when it came to naming, Li Fan naturally leaned towards a more domineering direction.

The name "Creation Forge Art" was something Li Fan found quite satisfying.

Now, the clone was entering the first critical phase of practicing the Creation Forge Art.

From head to toe, inside and out, the overall tempering of the body had been preliminarily completed.

The physical strength had reached the expected level.

The next step was to draw upon the vast and endless hidden potential within the body, using it like a giant heavy hammer to violently pound the body.

Similar to the process of tempering steel a hundred times over, simultaneous strengthening of the body occurred when continuously hammering it.

This was Li Fan's "Primary Refinement" of the physical body.

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

Dull thuds echoed faintly from within the clone's body.

Each time the sound rang out, a strange blood-red color appeared on Li Fan's face.

Soon, his body seemed to become a blazing furnace, with the red color spreading all over.

The body's temperature rose even higher.

It seemed like it was being roasted by flames, reaching its limit, ready to melt completely at any moment.

However, each time it reached a critical point, a surge of pure vitality would emerge from inside the body, resolving the fatal injuries.

This was not something Li Fan consciously manipulated.

It was the body's instinctive reaction in the face of life-threatening crises.

Under the continuous forging of these hammering impacts, Li Fan's physical body gradually became stronger.

He accumulated quantitative changes.

After an unknown amount of time, with a heavier and more muffled thud, Li Fan's body trembled slightly.

The intense red color faded.

The strength of the body had finally risen to a new level.

Activating his spiritual energy and forming a blade, he slashed at his left arm.

"Ding!"

Surprisingly, a metallic clash echoed.

Li Fan continuously adjusted and increased the intensity of his spiritual energy until he exerted a force equivalent to mid stage Foundation Establishment.

Only then did a bloody wound finally appear on his arm.

"The first refinement is finally successful."

"The step equivalent to Foundation Establishment has been completed."

"Next is to mobilize the hidden potential within the body and forge the physical body once again."

"Then, repeat this process. One refinement, a hundred refinements, a thousand refinements..."

"According to expectations, if there is no limit, the hidden potential of the human body is developed to the extreme, by relying solely on the power of the physical body, one could influence and distort the laws with a mere wave of the hand."

"It's almost to the point of being invulnerable to all laws and indestructible against all calamities."

"Unfortunately, in the Xuanhuang Realm, this path is cut off."

"Perhaps the restrictions in the surrounding subworlds might be weaker."

Li Fan took a deep breath, and the wound on his arm disappeared in an instant.

"But my requirements aren't high. I just need to open a path for the physical body to contend with the Golden Core realm."

"That will be the next goal for my clone."

With a single thought, the hidden potential within his body surged out like a torrent.

It washed over and tempered his physical body.

"After the primary refinement's success, this tempering has become as natural as breathing, an instinct of the body."

"I don't have to stay in seclusion all the time."

"I can research methods to increase the efficiency of the forging..."

Li Fan contemplated in silence.

At this moment, a communication talisman sent a prompt.

It was Jiao Xiuyuan again who had come to share his grievances.

Over these years, Li Fan had become accustomed to such complaints.

Originally, according to the plan, he should have held the first auction during the 18th year to build momentum for the Minor Medicine King Cauldrons' popularity.

However, the sudden outbreak of the war in Tianling Province and the unexpected discount event from the Tianxuan Mirror forced him to postpone it.

As Jiao Xiuyuan put it, "All the cultivators are buying cultivation techniques, and everyone's turning into paupers. There's no profit to be made anymore!"

"By holding an auction now, I'm afraid we won't even recover our costs!"

Business at Thousand Mile Hall had also been quite bleak these years.

In the words of Li Fan's previous life, it was an economic downturn, and everyone was having a hard time.

However, Li Fan believed that with the macroeconomic control of the Tianxuan Mirror and the existence of the suspected Longevity Immortal who made people forget disasters, cultivators would recover quickly.

After responding briefly, Li Fan put away the communication talisman, and the clone once again immersed himself in the study of the human body's hidden potential.

While both the main body and the clone were diligently cultivating, on the deserted island, Ye Feipeng became somewhat confused.

Over these years, even though he considered himself diligent in cultivation, the gap between reality and ideal was considerable, which left him quite disheartened.

According to the history he remembered, shortly after Zhang Haobo reached the false Golden Core realm, he could shepherd a great wind disaster to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

But Ye Feipeng had only recently broken through to late stage Foundation Establishment.

The Golden Core realm seemed like an unattainable goal.

"Could it be that the gap between my talent and true geniuses is truly so great?"

Not only Zhang Haobo, but each of the people on this deserted island was also a monster.

Su Xiaomei gradually matured, and her cultivation speed became faster.

Later on, she reached the same level as Ye Feipeng, and they were both in the late stage Foundation Establishment. However, with her terrifying talent, she easily defeated Ye Feipeng in actual combat.

During their battle, Ye Feipeng could only rely on his increasingly astonishing speed to evade constantly.

Xiao Heng was also not weak.

Even Su Changyu and the Yin sisters, who cultivated slightly slower, each had their strengths and couldn't be underestimated.

In terms of talent, Ye Feipeng was inferior.

Although he had a clear understanding of this before, at that time, he still had the foresight of a reborn individual, and his heart was not too anxious.

But now, that point of reliance gradually became unreliable.

Everything changed because some time ago, he happened to overhear passing cultivators talking about the Tianling Province war that happened a few years ago.

The more he heard, the more uneasy he felt.

Because, in his previous life, such a major event had never occurred.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 250: Feipeng’s Calamity


"We have an ancient saying in the Dali Realm."

"When the hooves of a marching general's horse lightly step, a mountain fire erupts thousands of miles away."

"Could it be that one of my unintentional actions caused the future to change drastically?"

Ye Feipeng furrowed his brow, carefully recalling every detail of his life since rebirth, attempting to find the root of the changes.

Unfortunately, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't come up with even a vaguely reasonable explanation.

After half a day, he finally gave up in frustration.

"Regardless, the future in my memory has become inaccurate."

"I can only treat it as a reference and cannot trust it."

"So, what I should be most concerned about is whether the Crimson Flame will still appear. Will the joint efforts of the Soul Transformation cultivators to kill Crimson Flame truly unfold as scheduled?"

The chubby cultivator exerted all his efforts to make a rough deduction.

After a while, he reached a conclusion.

"The Crimson Flame burning the sea should still happen."

"But in my past life, it was likely that Zhang Haobo informed the Ten Thousand Immortals Island in advance about this matter."

"Shepherding wind to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, facing off against Soul Transformation cultivators..."

Ye Feipeng shuddered, his face showing a troubled expression.

"I can't do it!"

"Let me think. At that time, there were only two native cultivators from Ten Thousand Immortals Island who took action, and the rest were temporary forces."

"If it's only two people caught off guard facing the Crimson Flame..."

The chubby cultivator's face turned pale.

"It's simply impossible for them to match the Crimson Flame."

"Doesn't that mean all my calculations are in vain?"

With an ever-changing expression on his face, after a long time, Ye Feipeng's gaze showed a hint of fierceness.

"No, I must find a way to publicize the imminent appearance of the Crimson Flame."

"Even if I make this matter widely known..."

Suddenly, a thought struck him, and Ye Feipeng quickly shook his head.

"No, no."

"It's too dangerous. If people deduce that I'm the one behind this, my result will be worse than death."

After much internal struggle, Ye Feipeng, still feeling helpless, left the deserted island, aimlessly wandering while contemplating a solution.

In a trance, he found himself in a distant sea area.

A peculiar and magnificent scene awakened him from his contemplation.

The sun in the sky had disappeared, replaced by a giant eye suspended in the middle of the sky.

The giant eye stared at the ocean below.

Everything within its line of sightsea, islands, living beingswas covered in a silver glow.

Under the influence of the silver radiance, all things seemed to be compressed into a flat and illusory picture, following the silver light, flying into the giant eye in the sky.

"This is..."

Sweating profusely, Ye Feipeng suddenly woke up.

"Extracting the essence of heaven and earth! A Nascent Soul cultivator is ascending to the Soul Transformation stage!"

Although this was Ye Feipeng's first time witnessing it in person, the scene in front of him was almost identical to the description in the books: "Mountains, rivers, lakes, and seas, everything in the world return to the Dharma Domain."

Ye Feipeng held his breath, silently retreating.

Cultivators undergoing breakthroughs were extremely sensitive.

If the other party mistakenly thought he had ill intentions and casually killed him, it would truly be an unjust death.

Secretly praying that the other party wouldn't discover him, Ye Feipeng used his fastest speed to try to get away from this dangerous area.

Unfortunately, things didn't go as planned.

The giant eye in the sky moved slightly.

Its gaze immediately locked onto Ye Feipeng.

Ye Feipeng, who was riding the wind and waves, was instantly fixed in place, unable to move.

A silver glow enveloped him.

The next moment, just as he was about to be compressed and absorbed into the Dharma Domain, a deep blue light emerged from his body, dispelling the silver radiance.

"Huh?"

A figure appeared in front of Ye Feipeng in an instant.

"Zhang Zhiliang?!" The moment Ye Feipeng saw this person, his mind trembled.

Because he knew him; it was the Formation Master who, several years later, would join several Soul Transformation cultivators in besieging Crimson Flame.

"He shouldn't be at the Soul Transformation stage. How could he be about to break through to Soul Transformation?"

Zhang Zhiliang slowly extended his hand, capturing a strand of blue light.

Silver radiance flashed, and the blue light was subsequently decomposed inch by inch.

"An Earthly Treasure?"

A hint of curiosity flashed in Zhang Zhiliang's eyes as he looked at this small Foundation Establishment cultivator.

"You seem to know me?"

Without waiting for Ye Feipeng to respond, Zhang Zhiliang's eyes were devoid of the slightest emotion as he pointed a finger toward Ye Feipeng's brow.

In Ye Feipeng's pupils, scenes suddenly appeared.

A blazing sun rose in the sky, illuminating the Heavenly Spirit that had just manifested.

Five Soul Transformation cultivators, as well as Zhang Zhiliang, joined forces to fight Crimson Flame.

The Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords, integrating oneself with the Dao as a Golden Core...

...

The giant eye in the sky instantly widened in fury.

Although Zhang Zhiliang's face showed no expression changes, the slight trembling of his body illustrated the extreme unrest in his heart.

"What is this?"

He stared fixedly at the convulsing Ye Feipeng, and pointed again, attempting to extract more information from his mind.

At this critical moment, an endless blue light surged from Ye Feipeng's chest, instantly enveloping him.

Zhang Zhiliang's expression changed; he was about to mobilize the power of his Dharma Domain to suppress the blue light.

Suddenly, the Cong Yun Sea below seemed to violently surge and shake.

Waves roared, and a flaw in his control of his Dharma Domain appeared.

Ye Feipeng was carried away by the blue light, disappearing in an instant and escaping to an unknown destination.

Only Zhang Zhiliang remained standing there dumbfounded.

After a long time, he seemed to wake up from a dream.

"A reborn person?"

"The Heavenly Spirit?"

The Heaven's Eye Dharma Domain disappeared from the sky, and the sun reappeared in the sky.

The world returned to normal.

However, it seemed as if there was a lingering shadow on Zhang Zhiliang's body that couldn't be dispelled.

"Dao Integration..."

"Dao Integration..."

He repeatedly murmured, his eyes shining with an inexplicable brilliance.

...

In the Tianxuan Mirror.

Li Fan, who had been awakened from cultivation and witnessed everything, stroked his chin.

He hadn't expected Ye Feipeng, who was wandering around randomly, to encounter Zhang Zhiliang in the midst of a breakthrough.

The chubby guy was too weak-minded and was detected by Zhang Zhiliang.

Moreover, the latter used a method similar to soul searching to unearth secrets from his mind.

Fortunately, at the critical moment, the Canghai Pearl erupted, saving his life.

Ye Feipeng seemed to have suffered a tremendous mental shock and fell into a deep sleep.

What puzzled Li Fan was that despite this unexpected turn of events, Ye Feipeng's fortune had not suffered any damage.

Instead, there was a more mysterious change.

Even the current Li Fan couldn't fathom it.

"Interesting."

"It seems that the Canghai Pearl is determined to protect Ye Feipeng."

"I wonder if there are other hidden secrets on him that I haven't noticed."

"And how will Zhang Zhiliang, who learned about the impending arrival of Crimson Flame in advance and ascended to Soul Transformation, react?"

"Where will the events of the Crimson Flame of this life lead..."

"It's truly something to look forward to."

Li Fan let out a low chuckle.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 251: He Xinxin


The mysterious disappearance of the fatty, Ye Feipeng, caused the residents of the deserted island, who were becoming a bit complacent due to their significant progress in cultivation, to become more reserved.

Strictly following the instructions of Senior Skull, they practiced in silence and developed discreetly.

On the other hand, things seemed a bit unusual on Zhang Zhiliang's side.

There was no news of his breakthrough to Soul Transformation.

It was as if nothing had happened, and he was still the same Formation Master as before.

However, Li Fan knew that there must be some conspiracy brewing in the background.

Zhang Zhiliang's survival in the fierce battle in Tianling Province not only led to his breakthrough but also to changes in his entire mentality.

Zhang Zhiliang himself did not hide this fact too much.

Thus, Li Fan, who had previous contact with Zhang Zhiliang and was adept at observing words and expressions, was keenly aware of this.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, the cost of materials for making Formation Crowns had recently experienced a slight increase.

This seemed to indirectly confirm that Zhang Zhiliang was quietly preparing for something.

"I remember this year, the two Soul Transformation True Monarchs Lancang and Haoxuan will coincidentally break into battle in the Cong Yun Sea."

"Whether True Monarch Ziyun intervenes at that time will determine if Zhang Zhiliang has leaked the news of the Crimson Flame."

"All things are interconnected, and the smallest details can reveal the bigger picture."

"Although I sit in the Tianxuan Mirror all day, I can still watch the world through the Formless Killing Intent. By comparing and verifying the details that ordinary people may not notice, I can know the affairs of the world without leaving home."

Thinking like this, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sense of rare joy.

But just as he resumed his cultivation not long after, Li Fan's face suddenly changed, and he interrupted his cultivation.

He found that the Formless Killing Intent monitoring He Zhenghao had unexpectedly failed.

Although the lock was still in place, not only could he not see the situation there, but he also couldn't determine He Zhenghao's specific location.

The Formless Killing Intent was a technique that imitated the vision of the heavens, and it used a false heavenly mandate to spy and attack.

In all of his reincarnations, its failure was very rare.

For example, it failed in the Master's cottage when the ox was pulling the cart previously.

But that was an ancient and mysterious existence capable of having a showdown with the Heavenly Doctor, with strength at least above Dao Integration.

He Zhenghao had not yet broken through to Golden Core. How could he possibly shield Li Fan's Formless Killing Intent?

What happened?

Li Fan still valued He Zhenghao greatly.

As the only subordinate he had taken in this world, Li Fan planned to find an excuse to take him out of the Cong Yun Sea before the Crimson Flame arrived.

But the premise was that He Zhenghao couldn't escape from Li Fan's control.

After contemplating for a moment, Li Fan took out a communication talisman and sent a message to He Zhenghao.

"Fellow Daoist He, how are you doing?"

After a long time, there was no response.

Li Fan furrowed his brow.

"Fellow Daoist He, where are you now?"

After waiting for a while, there was still no response.

Rubbing his chin, Li Fan stood up and left the Tianxuan Mirror, heading straight to the Transmission Square.

As he was about to reach the teleportation array for Liuli Island, He Zhenghao finally replied leisurely, "Huh? Why is Fellow Daoist Li Fan looking for me?"

"Where else can I be? Of course, I'm on Liuli Island."

Li Fan's steps paused. "Hehe, that's perfect. Long time no see. I'll find you for a chat."

He Zhenghao immediately replied to the message, sounding a bit panicked, "How about another day? I have guests visiting, and it's not very convenient..."

Li Fan smiled faintly, not paying attention to He Zhenghao's suggestion, and directly activated the teleportation array.

He wanted to see what means He Zhenghao had used to block the Formless Killing Intent.

After a moment, Li Fan saw He Zhenghao with a somewhat embarrassed and regretful expression on his face. However, his attention was now focused on another person presenta young girl who appeared to be only sixteen or seventeen years old.

She had a tall figure and a beautiful face. At this moment, she was assessing Li Fan, her eyes filled with curiosity.

"This is?"

"This is?"

Li Fan and the young girl asked simultaneously.

He Zhenghao cleared his throat, calmly standing in front of the girl, blocking Li Fan's line of sight.

"Haha, fellow Daoist is really a thunderous person who comes when he says!"

"Let me introduce you guys, this is my daughter, He Xinxin."

"Xinxin, this fellow Daoist is Li Fan, your father's closest friend."

He Zhenghao concealed the embarrassment on his face and introduced the two to each other.

Li Fan's gaze swept over He Xinxin, and a hint of surprise flashed in his eyes. This young girl, though not very old, seemed to possess remarkable talent, having already reached late stage Foundation Establishment at such a young age.

According to the normal course of history's development, without Li Fan helping He Zhenghao purchase the "Mountain and River Hidden Dragon Technique," her cultivation level would probably surpass He Zhenghao!

She has higher talent than her father but they're not living together...

In an instant, Li Fan understood.

Fellow Daoist He, it seems you are quite good at living off of others. I wonder why you came to the Cong Yun Sea all alone.

Could it be that you've grown old and become useless?

Li Fan speculated maliciously.

On the other side, seeing Li Fan staring so intently at his daughter, He Zhenghao couldn't help but feel a bit anxious.

He quickly spoke up to divert Li Fan's attention, "Haha, fellow Daoist, please have a seat."

In a hurry, he invited Li Fan to sit in the pavilion on the mountaintop.

"Fellow Daoist He, you really treat me like an outsider. How come I've never heard you mention having a daughter before?" Li Fan took a sip of tea and asked slowly and deliberately.

Sure enough, when Li Fan said this, He Xinxin immediately became somewhat displeased. She didn't say anything, but just stared at He Zhenghao with her beautiful eyes, puffing up her cheeks.

He Zhenghao secretly sighed, quickly explaining, "Fellow Daoist really is forgetful. Last time, I did mention that I wanted to introduce my daughter..."

Speaking halfway, He Zhenghao suddenly felt that something was wrong and quickly stopped.

Feeling He Xinxin's suspicious gaze, He Zhenghao's mind went blank. He opened his mouth but couldn't figure out how to explain.

Fortunately, Li Fan resolved the situation for him, "Hehe, now that you mention it, I do remember."

"At that time, you were even clamoring for me to prepare a gift for her."

"It's our first meeting, but your father didn't notify me, so I didn't prepare any gifts in advance."

"Let me give you a little trinket."

Saying that, Li Fan took out a flag about half a person's height from his storage ring and handed it over.

He Xinxin took the flag and saw that it was black and yellow, with the words "Ten Thousand Immortals" written on it.

It was the Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags that Li Fan had used beforea backup purchased in this life.

It was worth ten thousand contribution points.

"Girls need to be careful when they go out. This set of formation flags is for your self-defense."

Understanding the principle of needing to invest before receiving profit, Li Fan, disregarding He Zhenghao's worried eyes, smiled and spoke to He Xinxin.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 252: Genuine Fear


He Xinxin seemed to be discerning.

She softly said, "Thank you, Uncle," and smiled as she accepted the formation flag.

Watching the two, He Zhenghao, who was worried beyond measure, couldn't help but speak, "Hehe, although the gift from fellow Daoist is precious, it might not be very useful for my daughter."

"If we talk about predicting crises and preserving one's life, my daughter is much stronger than her old father."

Li Fan, upon hearing this, flashed a look of interest. "Oh? How so?"

He Zhenghao's face showed a hint of pride. "I won't conceal it from fellow Daoist. My daughter has had extraordinary talent in divination since she was young."

"In recent years, she has also studied related techniques under Ruoshui... alongside her mother."

"Now she has already achieved some success."

"Not only can she shield her fate from heaven's will, preventing others from deducing and plotting against her, but she can also faintly predict future events, turning misfortune into opportunity."

Li Fan reevaluated He Xinxin, who appeared delicate and gentle.

He thought, "Could that be why the surveillance function of the Formless Killing Intent failed? It seems that He Zhenghao wasn't exaggerating; this method is indeed extraordinary."

"I wonder which cultivation technique she practices."

However, the technique practiced by a cultivator in this world was a highly private matter, and Li Fan wouldn't casually inquire.

He just cooperated with He Zhenghao's words, looking surprised and incredulous. "I've heard that fate is always elusive, and I never thought that someone could predict it. Is it really so miraculous?"

"That's right. The accuracy is quite high..."

He Zhenghao paused and continued, "However, there are times when the predictions go wrong."

He turned to look at He Xinxin and smiled, saying, "Before, when the girl was practicing, she sensed that I would die soon."

"So she was extremely anxious, traveling a long distance to the Cong Yun Sea to warn me."

"Hehe, I stay in this Mountain River Star Formation all day, cultivating intensely. How could there be a risk of dying?"

He Zhenghao laughed, not taking it seriously.

On the side, He Xinxin frowned and softly said, "This matter is strange. My previous intuition was definitely not wrong."

"But after I came, I did another calculation for you, Dad. The fatal crisis inexplicably disappeared."

Her eyes were full of doubt and regret. "I don't know why this happened. If mom didn't stop me and I could have come earlier, I might have been able to figure out why fate changed."

He Zhenghao patted his daughter's head, comforting her, "Changes in fate are unpredictable, and cultivators cannot know everything. It must be that you made a mistake, Xinxin."

At this moment, Li Fan spoke up in praise, "Even if there are occasional mistakes, this method is extraordinary."

"To predict the future, how many opportunities can one gain?"

"I wonder, Xinxin, can you calculate my future and see what my fate is?"

Li Fan asked with a smile.

The reason he did this was to see how far the divination techniques in this world could reach. Could they reveal that he came from a Land of Immortal Extinction, or that he actually transmigrated? Could they even predict the existence of [Truth]?

If this Foundation Establishment girl could sense some clues, Li Fan would have to be more careful in his actions in the future. Otherwise, falling into the eyes of powerful cultivators might lead to the revelation of his true origin, which would be very unfavorable.

He Zhenghao also intended to let his daughter show her skills in front of Li Fan, so he didn't stop her. Instead, he encouraged her with his eyes.

"Since that's the case, let me calculate for you." He Xinxin said softly, then a golden-purple compass appeared out of thin air.

The compass pointer pointed towards Li Fan on one end and towards He Xinxin on the other.

She chanted words, and then the pointer rapidly started spinning.

Li Fan's shrunken figure appeared above the compass.

Characters floated out of the compass, revolving around the miniature image.

As the pointer spun faster, some characters gradually dimmed and disappeared, while others became brighter, emitting a purple-golden light.

Unlike ordinary text, each character seemed to be a composite of many meanings.

He Xinxin's divination of Li Fan's future seemed to be hidden within the arrangement of these characters.

Li Fan estimated roughly that there were at least tens of thousands of these purple-golden characters.

He Xinxin seemed to be struggling, with beads of sweat continuously dripping from her forehead.

After a while, the purple-gold characters suddenly scattered and returned to the compass. Li Fan's virtual image became somewhat more substantial.

He Xinxin's breathing became somewhat rapid. After calming down a bit, she continued to focus on Li Fan's virtual image for the final calculation.

"Hmm?"

"Uncle, have you ever been to Yuandao Province?"

After a while, she suddenly asked a seemingly inexplicable question.

Li Fan was slightly surprised, and before he could answer, He Zhenghao preemptively said, "Hehe, fellow Daoist Li Fan was a wandering cultivator in Yuandao Province before. He came to the Cong Yun Sea seeking breakthrough opportunities."

"Why, Xinxin, is there something you want to ask?"

He Zhenghao noticed that his daughter's expression was off and quickly asked.

Being a wandering cultivator in Yuandao Province was a background that Li Fan casually fabricated when he first met He Zhenghao.

But...

Xinxin had clearly seen something else.

Li Fan was very clear that in this life, he had never been to Yuandao Province. Why would this girl ask about Yuandao Province?

Li Fan's gaze flickered as he stared at He Xinxin, awaiting her explanation.

He Xinxin opened her mouth but hesitated.

"Hehe, Xinxin, feel free to speak." Li Fan smiled.

With a hint of apology on her face, He Xinxin said, "Uncle, forgive me, it's not that I'm unwilling to speak."

"It's just that I really don't know how to interpret this Dao Seal Eclipse Character."

Li Fan raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

He Xinxin hesitated for a moment, then used her hand to draw a picture in the air.

The figure in the drawing naturally resembled Li Fan. There seemed to be something on his back.

As the picture kept changing, that invisible presence took a fierce bite at Li Fan.

Li Fan seemed to be completely unaware, calmly walking away.

The thing on his back disappeared along with him.

...

The drawing disappeared.

He Xinxin frowned and said, "According to the explanation of the Dao Scriptures, it seems that something attacked Uncle in Yuandao Province."

"Uncle wasn't injured, nor was his life in danger."

"But on the contrary, the Dao Seal Eclipse Character depicts an extremely dangerous situation."

"It's self-contradictory."

"That's why I don't know how to interpret it."

He Zhenghao chuckled when he heard this. "Daughter, could it be that you made another mistake? You predict extreme danger, and you also predicted extreme danger for me earlier. But fellow Daoist Li Fan is living quite well now, isn't he?"

Li Fan's heart sank.

"Yuandao Province..."

A blue crystal flashed in his mind.

All the experiences in Yuandao Province began to replay in his mind.

Once, no abnormality was found.

Two times, still nothing.

...

Through the Divine Transformation Dao secret technique, Li Fan repeatedly reviewed his past experiences.

Finally, he sensed an abnormality.

A chill rose from behind him, making him feel like he was in the midst of a harsh winter.

Even when he narrowly escaped death at the hands of the Heavenly Doctor, he had never felt so frightened before.

This was the first genuine fear that Li Fan felt since he transmigrated.

In his twelfth life, in the 29th year, he established Mingyue Palace.

Then he immersed himself in closed-door cultivation, studying Zhang Zhiliang's Infinite Formation.

Chu Xingyang's marriage snatching and the subsequent successful development of the breakthrough loaning project unfolded in an orderly manner afterwards.

This should have happened in the same year.

The conclusion obtained by retracing the past through the blue crystal was the same.

But in reality...

Chu Xingyang's forced marriage and the initial success of the breakthrough loaning project...

Actually took place in the 39th year.

Where did those ten years go?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 253: The Missing Ten Years


Every time Li Fan woke up from seclusion, he would glance at the [Truth] panel and calculate the time based on his physiological age. The first year after the anchor point was equivalent to 20 years of age, and so on.

In the twelfth life, he had also checked the [Truth] panel multiple times. However, when the time suddenly jumped from 29 years to 39 years, Li Fan didn't notice any abnormalities.

Even when he repeatedly looked back at the experiences of his twelfth life, he failed to notice the "missing ten years."

Part of the reason for this was a fixed mindset.

After all, in the cognition of the vast majority of people, time is continuous and indivisible. How could one second be the 29th year, and the next second be the 39th year?

Another more important reason was that there was something that distorted his perception, causing him to inadvertently overlook this fact.

What exactly was going on? Who stole my time?

Li Fan couldn't help but fall into deep fear.

Fear of the unknown.

The Heavenly Doctor was formidable, but at least there was a specific goal.

In this life, Li Fan was not his opponent, but after ten or a hundred cycles, Li Fan would eventually grow to a height similar to his.

Eventually, he would be defeated.

But this unknown entity made Li Fan feel powerless for the first time.

He didn't even know what it was or how it stole the time that originally belonged to him.

What made Li Fan even more fearful was that the influences it exerted persisted even after regressing, meaning that it was very likely to be something in the same realm as [Truth].

At the very least, the power of the other opponent was already very close to [Return to Truth].

This was the true source of Li Fan's fear. [Truth] had always been Li Fan's hope for longevity.

Regardless of how powerful the enemy he faced, he could face it with calm confidence.

No matter how great the crisis, he could silently recite [Truth].

Through the transformation of reality into illusion, everything returned to the anchor point.

The crisis would naturally disappear. But now, the absolute dominance of [Truth] was being threatened...

He Zhenghao and his daughter He Xinxin noticed that Li Fan's expression was off. Just as He Xinxin was about to ask, she was held back by He Zhenghao, who shook his head.

Fear lingered in Li Fan's heart for a long time. Fortunately, Li Fan's willpower was strong.

Having experienced too many near-death situations, he gradually calmed the fear in his heart. Upon careful analysis, he soon noticed an anomaly in this event.

Adjusting his expression, Li Fan asked He Zhenghao, "Fellow Daoist He, I'm curious about the origin of Xinxin's divination technique. Could you give me a hint?"

Although he said it was an inquiry, his eyes carried an unyielding meaning that could not be refused.

After hesitating for a while, He Zhenghao had to explain, "My daughter's divination technique is called the Dao Web Heaven Net."

"It is a customized divination technique based on her companion treasure, the Dao Character Compass."

"In terms of quality, it can barely be considered half of a Celestial Treasure."

Having said this, He Zhenghao's face couldn't help but show a bit of pride.

"Companion treasure?" Li Fan's mind stirred.

In the "Treatise on Heavenly Treasures," there were relevant records. Some cultivators were born with Heavenly Treasures accompanying them in their bodies.

These items had their own extraordinary features and were perfectly compatible with the cultivator.

However, such cases were extremely rare, and the book only briefly mentioned them without delving into much detail.

Those with a companion treasure would be nurtured by the laws of Heavenly Treasures from birth and tended to cultivate at an astonishing speed.

Those who could safely survive and grow up were, without exception, outstanding talents.

Unexpectedly, He Xinxin belonged to this category.

No wonder she had already reached the Foundation Establishment stage at such a young age.

Li Fan looked at the young girl and thought to himself.

Being stared at by Li Fan, He Xinxin inexplicably felt a surge of nervousness.

"Xinxin, explain to Uncle Li the derivation principle of the Dao Web Heaven Net," He Zhenghao spoke up.

He Xinxin nodded and, trusting her father, did not have much guard up.

She began to explain to Li Fan in a soft voice.

"All life that exists between heaven and earth lives in a giant web."

"Every action has an impact on the surrounding people, animals, and objects."

"Those who do not transcend are inevitably influenced by others in the same way."

"Everything is intertwined and interacts, forming various phenomena in the world."

"Every event, once it happens, leaves a trace."

"Observing these traces on the giant web allows one to understand everything in the world."

"This web is called the Dao Web Heaven Net. The traces are referred to as Dao Seal Eclipse Characters."

...

As the young girl spoke, Li Fan's doubts were gradually dispelled.

The incident of losing ten years of time happened in the twelfth life.

He Xinxin was only at the Foundation Establishment stage, and no matter how talented she was, she couldn't possibly penetrate [Truth] and deduce events that occurred nearly a hundred lifetimes ago.

Furthermore, the unknown entity that stole ten years of his time had an extremely high status, and logically, it was not something He Xinxin could deduce.

However, she saw through it.

This was because...

An apple that had been bitten...

Was different from a whole apple.

Similarly, a creature that had its time stolen by this inexplicable existence undoubtedly differed from other normal beings, tainted with a unique aura.

Even though Li Fan returned to the time before the theft through [Truth], he couldn't completely shake off its influence.

The fact that Li Fan had been unaware of this before served as evidence.

He Xinxin's Dao Web Heaven Net did not directly calculate [Truth] and the unknown entity that stole time.

Still, by deducing Li Fan, she sensed its influence and could reconstruct what happened to Li Fan.

Li Fan even speculated that if He Xinxin were to deduce any cultivator in Yuandao Province, she wouldn't be able to predict the same results as with him.

It wasn't something a Foundation Establishment cultivator could perceive.

Even with the Celestial Treasure, the Dao Character Compass, as a foundation, it was not enough.

If one had to make a comparison...

The unknown entity that stole time was like a black hole.

It silently spanned the sky above Yuandao Province.

Every so often, it devoured ten years of time from the entire province.

Under normal circumstances, its existence could not be directly discovered through ordinary observation or deduction methods.

However, because of [Truth], Li Fan escaped from this black hole.

However, the influence of the black hole did not disappear.

So, Li Fan was like the distorted light around a black hole.

With his help, it was possible to deduce that the unknown existence was stealing time in Yuandao Province.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 254: Ruoshui and Zhenghao


Li Fan's thoughts turned rapidly, and he instantly understood the origin of the "extreme danger" in He Xinxin's calculation.

It was the same as the flaw revealed by the previous clone when facing the Heavenly Doctor.

In this world, if the events predicted by He Xinxin didn't occur, according to Li Fan's original plan, he would still be heading to Yuandao Province.

In the 29th year, it would likely devour the time of the Yuandao Province again.

However, on Li Fan, there already exists traces of his time being stolen. But it can be sure that it did not steal Li Fan's time before.

This unknown terrifying existence could surely think of the most likely reason for this to occur.

Facing the Heavenly Doctor, Li Fan could still activate [Truth].

But facing this monster that could devour others' time, Li Fan wouldn't even have the chance to silently activate [Truth].

The reason why it was extreme danger and not certain death was perhaps because the only chance lies in the proactive protection of [Truth], which can awaken Li Fan's consciousness and resist for a moment, allowing him to activate [Truth].

At this point, Li Fan has a basic guess about the "missing ten years."

In Li Fan's view, this may also be the closest guess to the truth.

As for other possibilities...

If it was just the inability to perceive the stolen ten years in one lifetime, and he realized immediately after reviewing the events of the previous life after [Truth].

Then Li Fan would suspect whether it was the Blue Feather Immortal Sage's Devouring Rebirth Formation that caused the issue.

However, it could affect [Truth], making Li Fan unable to perceive it at all.

Until being reminded by someone, and after searching for a long time...

It's not that Li Fan looks down on Blue Feather, but with his quasi-Dao Integration strength, he may not be qualified.

"This world is full of wonders and dangers..."

"A slight mistake, one wrong move, and it's over."

"It's because I have [Truth] that in front of the top powers in this realm, it's even more dangerous for me."

...

"The only good news is that its influence seems to be limited to Yuandao Province. And it doesn't proactively attack, it only steals time."

"In the tenth life, when I first entered the immortal cultivation world, I transformed into the Cong Yun Sea and lived until the 48th year."

"There was no occurrence of time theft."

"It seems that I can't go to Yuandao Province in the future."

"Also, I need to find a way to clear its influence on me."

"Otherwise, it's like a ticking time bomb, a future hazard."

People are like this.

When facing the unknown, the heart trembles and one cannot control oneself.

But once the danger is even slightly understood, the fear will naturally diminish.

And as understanding deepens, the fear will gradually dissipate.

Although Li Fan currently doesn't know what it is, he might as well regard it as a top powerhouse residing in Yuandao Province that was capable of devouring the time of living beings.

Can't afford to provoke it, so just avoid it.

At the very least, from the current situation, [Truth] should be more powerful than it.

As long as he doesn't run into it again, there shouldn't be a big problem.

"It's also because I, Li Fan, was not destined to die. Before going to Yuandao Province, I encountered He Xinxin and resolved the disaster."

"Speaking of which, fellow Daoist He is truly my lucky star. If it weren't for the sudden failure of the Formless Killing Intent on him, I wouldn't have impulsively come to Liuli Island to investigate."

Thinking of this, Li Fan showed a rare gentle smile.

Seeing this, He Zhenghao's heart suddenly tightened, and he quickly asked, "Fellow Daoist Li Fan, are you okay?"

Li Fan patted his shoulder, "It's okay, it's just a small matter. Thanks to fellow Daoist's assistance, I've already figured out a way to resolve it."

"Speaking of which, I really have to thank Xinxin. If it weren't for her reminder, I really don't know what would have happened!"

He Xinxin was praised, blushing immediately, looking a bit embarrassed.

He Zhenghao, on the other hand, laughed heartily, very happy.

"Xinxin, how long do you plan to stay here?" Li Fan knew that He Xinxin must have sneaked out and couldn't stay with He Zhenghao all the time, so he asked.

"Whenever my mother finds out, I'll go back..." He Xinxin said halfway, then realized something.

Sticking out her tongue, she looked at the somewhat awkward He Zhenghao, lowered her head, and said no more.

He Zhenghao pushed her aside and began telling Li Fan about his relationship with He Xinxin's mother.

It was a third-rate love story at best.

He Xinxin's mother was named Heng Ruoshui.

She hailed from Tianyu Province.

In her youth, she traveled outside secretly without her parents' knowledge and met He Zhenghao.

At that time, He Zhenghao was quite handsome.

Heng Ruoshui had very little contact with other males.

Being together day and night, they naturally developed feelings for each other.

Just when the couple was deeply in love, Heng Ruoshui's parents suddenly appeared.

After carefully observing He Zhenghao, they didn't immediately oppose the relationship.

Instead, they brought the two back to Tianyu Province.

In the following period, numerous young talents continuously appeared, pursuing Heng Ruoshui.

In terms of appearance, each of them had sword-like eyebrows and starry eyes, handsome and extraordinary.

In terms of cultivation, they were mostly in the Golden Core and Nascent Soul realms. Foundation Establishment cultivators couldn't even get close to Heng Ruoshui.

At that time, He Zhenghao was only in the late Qi Condensation stage.

In front of cultivators two major realms higher than himself, he didn't even dare to breathe.

Heng Ruoshui still had some feelings for He Zhenghao.

Facing these cultivators much more outstanding than He Zhenghao, she didn't have any romantic interest.

But she couldn't stand He Zhenghao's pitiful appearance and criticized him verbally.

At that time, young and impulsive, He Zhenghao, fueled by pride, had a big argument with Heng Ruoshui.

He even made arrogant remarks about achieving Nascent Soul cultivation and making a name for himself.

This was to impress Heng Ruoshi.

Soon after, he ran away.

Young He Zhenghao, in the following years, experienced a series of hardships in life.

After great efforts and hardships, he finally cultivated to the Foundation Establishment stage.

He participated in the once-in-ten-year assessment of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, preparing to join the Law Enforcement Hall and become a Law Enforcer.

Who would have thought that after the assessment results came out, he did pass.

But the position was not a Law Enforcer, but a Guardian position.

What's even more absurd was that the stationed area was not Tianyu Province but a remote and previously unheard-of place called the Cong Yun Sea.

Originally, He Zhenghao wanted to refuse, but the appointment order had already been issued at lightning speed.

With the order in hand, He Zhenghao didn't dare to defy the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's command.

Even if he knew there were many tricks behind this, and it must be Heng Ruoshui's parents' secret manipulations.

But he could only reluctantly go to take up his post in Cong Yun Sea.

This stay lasted for decades.

Both his love life and career were in decline, and He Zhenghao lost all his ambitions.

His cultivation stagnated, and he was stuck at mid stage Foundation Establishment.

On the contrary, he became engrossed in formations and made quite a name for himself in the field, making many friends.

However, the mistake was made.

During a casual conversation with a friend, He Zhenghao accidentally found out that Heng Ruoshui was actually pregnant.

However, knowing that her parents would strongly oppose the birth, she used a secret technique to temporarily halt the fetus's growth.

From then on, she secluded herself, diligently cultivating.

Until eventually, more than a decade ago, she became a Nascent Soul Master Pathweaver, gaining enough influence in front of her parents.

Only then did she reveal the truth, give birth to the child, and name her He Xinxin.

This matter caused quite a stir in Tianyu Province and spread widely.

People at that time regarded Heng Ruoshui as an extraordinary woman.

Many cultivators were not bothered by her having a child and vigorously pursued her.

Yet, she rejected them all without exception.

In the faraway Cong Yun Sea, when He Zhenghao heard about this, he felt like he was struck by lightning.

Tears streamed down his face, and he regretted his past but had no way to change it.

He didn't have the face and courage to meet Heng Ruoshui again.

Until He Xinxin sensed her biological father's life-threatening crisis and came to this remote Cong Yun Sea...

After He Zhenghao's narration, tears shimmered in his eyes, and he exhaled deep sighs.

After hearing the story, Li Fan couldn't help but silently curse, "He Zhenghao, what kind of man are you!"

But he patted He Zhenghao on the shoulder and made a bold promise, "Fellow Daoist He, rest assured, one day, I'll make sure you return to glory in Tianyu Province and make up for everything!"

"A hundred years may be an eternity for ordinary people, and regrets may seem irreparable."

"But for cultivators like us, it's not something that cannot be undone!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 255: Yuandao Province’s Origins


He Zhenghao was no longer the arrogant and hot-blooded youth of the past.

After struggling in the Cong Yun Sea for decades, he had long recognized the cruelty of reality.

With a deep sigh, He Zhenghao shook his head, "Fellow Daoist, you're joking. Ruoshui's cultivation talent far surpasses mine."

"Even if I can cultivate to the Nascent Soul realm in this lifetime, by then, she might have already ascended to the Soul Transformation realm."

"A Soul Transformation Master Pathweaver..."

"The gap between us would only widen."

"I'm already old, and I don't dare to hope anymore."

"As long as Xinxin can visit me from time to time, I'll be content."

He Zhenghao expressed his sentiments.

Li Fan didn't say much and just patted his shoulder before taking his leave.

Back in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan began a meticulous search for information about Yuandao Province.

People from the entire province would lose ten years of time every now and then.

Perhaps the people in Yuandao Province couldn't perceive it.

But when exchanging information with cultivators from other provinces, wouldn't they realize that something was amiss?

During these ten swallowed years, how would the outside world perceive Yuandao Province?

The information in the Tianxuan Mirror was vast, and there should be some clues about this aspect, right?

Li Fan spent a good part of the day confirming this.

Nothing.

Li Fan couldn't help but sigh, "Everything you can see is what they allow you to see."

"What they don't want you to see, you will never see."

Shaking his head, he gave up on his previous plans.

He focused on searching for the history of Yuandao Province.

"The Ruins of Tiandu," "Discussion on Yuandao," "Origin of Yuandao," "On the Relationship Between Yuandao Province and the Ancient Land of Yuandao," "A Brief Discussion on the Inheritance of the Tiandu Grandmaster"...

Book after book, Li Fan patiently read through them.

In these books about Yuandao Province, almost all of them couldn't avoid a key term.

Tiandu.

"The origin of the Dao, the head of all teachings..."

"What grandiose praise."

Li Fan couldn't help but mutter, "Could it be that Tiandu is one of the Ten Great Immortal Sects?"

According to testimonies, in ancient times, Tiandu reigned high above the nine heavens, overlooking the multitudes of the Xuanhuang Realm.

It was known as the origin of the Dao and the head of all teachings.

The specific cultivators inside Tiandu at that time are no longer known.

The only name passed down was the "Tiandu Grandmaster."

It is said that Yuandao Province's Blue Feather Immortal Sage was from the lineage of the Tiandu Grandmaster.

The "Heavenly Feather Transformation Technique" he practiced was directly passed down by the Grandmaster.

Many of Blue Feather's precious treasures, such as the Tiandu Martial Arena and the Eight Trigrams Purple Gold Furnace, all came from the Tiandu inheritance.

"This year, Blue Feather's life will come to an end. Before his death, he laid down the 'Devouring Rebirth Formation' in a vain attempt to reverse the cycle of life and death and achieve eternal life."

"It is said that when Blue Feather died, death announcements were widespread throughout the province, visible to everyone."

"My main body cannot go, but my clone can go."

Li Fan faintly felt that the unknown entity devouring time might be related to the ancient Tiandu.

But this was just a hunch and had no evidence to support it.

"Regardless, witnessing the scene of an Immortal Sage's death is a rare opportunity."

"Going to see the world is also good."

"I heard that because Blue Feather was already a Dao Integration cultivator before the Great Calamity, his death announcement is different from those of today's cultivators."

...

With a determined heart, Li Fan then searched for methods to eliminate the inexplicable traces on his body.

There were many specialty techniques in the world.

Although [Truth] was unable to erase these traces, that didn't mean there weren't other techniques that could.

As long as it could be solved with contribution points, it was not a problem for Li Fan.

Keywords: purification, curse, traces, elimination...

Li Fan carefully examined the information that emerged.

All these solutions could be roughly divided into three categories.

The first category relied on Earthly Treasures to cleanse oneself, purifying any demonic aura.

The second category involved special cultivation techniques that could continuously refine both body and mind until they were pure and flawless.

The third category consisted of cultivators who specialize in this field.

You only needed to pay a certain price, and they would actively come to cleanse your body.

They would eliminate the abnormalities on your body.

Of course, if unsuccessful, they wouldn't charge you.

With the mindset of giving it a try, Li Fan contacted these cultivators.

When the cultivators inquired about the type of traces that needed to be expelled, Li Fan only said he wasn't sure.

He just felt something was wrong with his body based on his spiritual consciousness.

This kind of intuition was quite normal.

Over a dozen cultivators came, some in the Golden Core realm, some in the Nascent Soul realm.

After they performed their techniques, Li Fan didn't feel any effect.

The cultivators stared at Li Fan for a moment, then shook their heads, indicating they couldn't find any abnormalities.

Just as Li Fan was about to give up, the last cultivator gave him a pleasant surprise.

This cultivator's name was Fang Yang, and he was in the Nascent Soul realm.

After seeing Li Fan and observing for a while, he was about to use his technique.

However, his expression suddenly changed.

Without saying a word, he turned and left.

Li Fan knew Fang Yang must have sensed something and quickly caught up.

In front of the Transmission Square, Fang Yang, who was blocked, had an ugly expression.

If it weren't for the prohibition against fighting on the island, he would probably have killed this ignorant kid on the spot.

"Young man, go back! I'm afraid I can't help with the problem on your body!"

Li Fan looked nervous and said sincerely, "Please, senior, save me!"

"I don't know why, but I always feel uneasy lately, and I can't concentrate on cultivation."

"If this continues, my cultivation will stagnate, and I'll die in the Foundation Establishment stage, cutting off my path to immortality!"

Grabbing Fang Yang's hand tightly, Li Fan looked determined not to let go.

Fang Yang's face turned red, but he couldn't attack.

He could only lower his voice and say, "Kid, I'll be honest with you. Although I don't know what's happening on your body, it's clear that you've offended an existence you shouldn't have."

"The level is too high, beyond what a mere Nascent Soul cultivator like me can handle."

"Even if I had a solution, I wouldn't help you."

"Because to put it bluntly, the anomaly on your body is like a mark left by that existence. If you rashly remove it, it will surely attract the attention of that entity."

...

Fang Yang stopped speaking here and said no more.

Li Fan's heart sank. He didn't expect the situation to be more severe than he had imagined.

"Senior, do you have a solution? If I can get through this disaster, I will repay you generously in the future!" Li Fan said solemnly.

Fang Yang reevaluated Li Fan, contemplated for a moment, and then replied, "Find a remote subworld, cultivate a purifying technique, spend more than a decade on it, and maybe you can get rid of it."

"Of course, this is just a suggestion. Whether it works or not depends on your own destiny, and I don't dare to guarantee it."

Li Fan nodded slowly upon hearing this.

He expressed his gratitude to Fang Yang and didn't pester him any longer.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 256: Feipeng’s Dual Foundation Treasure


T/N: I won't be able to post a chapter tomorrow, so this is tomorrow's chapter in advance.

*****

Fang Yang departed with a gloomy expression.

Li Fan, on the other hand, returned to the Tianxuan Mirror, paying no attention to the curious gazes of others.

"Purifying technique..."

Indeed, there were such types of techniques within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Generally, these were practiced by cultivators who needed to maintain a clear state of mind for their other cultivation methods.

However, these techniques did not significantly enhance one's cultivation level or combat power, making them less popular and relatively inexpensive.

Li Fan started searching for a suitable one for himself. Suddenly, his gaze stopped on a technique named "Purple Heaven True Thunder Purification."

"Purple Heaven True Thunder purifies all things and dispels evil easily..."

Once again, the mention of "Purple Heaven" and "Thunder." It was hard for Li Fan not to connect it with the Purple Heaven Sect's Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique from the Fallen Immortal Realm.

This technique cost a little over forty thousand contribution points, and without hesitation, Li Fan purchased it. After reading through it, he compared it with the "Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique" he had already mastered.

There were indeed similarities, but it was clear that "Purple Heaven True Thunder Purification" was not as profound as the "Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique." At best, it could be considered a weakened version.

"After all, Zhang Qianmo's methods involve the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder, which seems more advanced than the Purple Heaven True Thunder."

"To eliminate the hidden danger, maybe I should employ multiple methods."

"In an ideal scenario, I would purchase Heavenly Treasures from the Tianxuan Mirror, and in conjunction with the methods of the Purple Heaven Sect, I would cultivate on Grand Xuan's Dissociation Mountain for some time..."

"Heavenly Treasures are not a problem; there's no shortage of contribution points. However, Zhang Qianmo's undefeated streak remains unbreakable."

Thinking about this, Li Fan felt somewhat helpless.

"Things need to be taken step by step."

"If it comes to it, once I break through to the Golden Core realm, I'll forcefully capture him and see if I can obtain the 'Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique.'"

"I can't rest easy until the hidden danger is removed."

"Before that, it's better to be cautious and lie low within the Tianxuan Mirror."

Sighing quietly, Li Fan prepared for his future retreat while practicing.

With the Crimson Flame's incineration of the sea, he definitely had to flee the Cong Yun Sea.

He couldn't go to Yuandao Province, and Jiushan Province was too chaotic.

The Cong Yun Sea only bordered three provinces, so the remaining Shilin Province became the most suitable place to flee to.

Li Fan began to silently collect information about Shilin Province in the Tianxuan Mirror.

The 21st year arrived shortly after Li Fan went into closed-door cultivation.

Lancang and Haoxuan, the two Soul Transformation True Monarchs, erupted into a fierce battle as expected, on the outskirts of the Cong Yun Sea.

The sky tore apart, and a beam of starlight descended, teleporting them away.

"It seems Zhang Zhiliang has indeed taken action."

Upon hearing this news, Li Fan's clone, who had recently hidden himself, stopped practicing the "Creation Forge Art."

He headed to Yuandao Province alone, preparing to witness the scene of Blue Feather's fall.

To avoid any troubles, his clone remained focused and went directly to Zhuo Ling City after arriving in the Yuandao Province.

He found a residence, tightly locked his doors, and practiced diligently while waiting.

Half a month later, while he was mobilizing his body's hidden potential to temper his physical body, Li Fan suddenly felt a palpitation in his heart.

An indescribable sorrow, accompanied by the continuous cries of alarm within the city, surfaced in his mind.

Li Fan touched his cheek and found tears uncontrollably streaming down his face.

Slowly stepping outside, he looked up at the vast sky.

On the vast sky, a young Daoist child in a blue Daoist robe was overlooking the land below with a smile.

The Daoist boy gradually matured into an adult, and then slowly aged.

In the end, the image of the Blue Feather Immortal Sage, who had ruled the Yuandao Province for over three thousand years, appeared before everyone.

Afterward, it withered like autumn leaves.

Heavy rain started pouring from the sky.

Beasts howled on the earth.

Countless mortals couldn't help but weep.

"What is this..."

Li Fan stood in the rain, letting it drench his body.

He comprehended the emotions of the beings in heaven and earth.

Or rather, they were the emotions that the beings infected by the will of heaven and earth passively produced.

"The heavens are grieving?"

"What's there to be sad about? Just the fall of Blue Feather, a Dao Integration cultivator?"

Li Fan shook his head inwardly.

"No, that's not it."

"After Zhang Haobo achieved Dao Integration, he was killed by Ink Death. At that time, heaven and earth were joyful."

"Fortunately, he was executed by the Heavenly Spirit Ink Death..."

Li Fan stared at the lingering anomaly in the sky, suddenly feeling as if he had gained some insight.

"The sorrow lies in the departure of one of the only remaining Old Law cultivators from this world."

"Perhaps, what's even more sorrowful is..."

"This cultivator, who has lived for countless years, created the foundation of his cultivation with Old Law as a Dao Integration Immortal Sage."

"He must have been a faithful follower of the Old Law."

"But in his final moments, in pursuit of longevity, he decided to defy the principles of heaven and earth..."

"Another cultivator who survived for thousands of years has joined the opposite side..."

"The Immortal Ancestor is indeed domineering."

Li Fan stood beneath the anomaly in the sky, motionless.

He carefully pondered.

Until a long time later, the anomaly dispersed.

The sky returned to calm, and a surge of heat emanated from Li Fan's body, instantly evaporating the rainwater on him.

With one last glance at the sky, he quietly returned to the Cong Yun Sea.

Li Fan's main body and clone secluded themselves, paying no attention to worldly affairs. However, the world would not stand still, and it continued to move forward.

After being heavily injured by Zhang Zhiliang, Ye Feipeng was enveloped by the Canghai Pearl and sank into the depths of the sea.

Whenever a green wind descended, heralding the imminent arrival of a wind disaster, Ye Feipeng would suddenly open his eyes.

His eyes were hollow, devoid of vitality, but it didn't hinder his movement.

Surrounded by blue light, he arrived at the location where the wind disaster was brewing.

His large mouth opened wide, similar to the first time he devoured the green radiance.

He swallowed the energy brewing in the wind disaster.

The wind disaster dissipated invisibly, and Ye Feipeng, as if satisfied, returned to the seabed to continue his slumber.

The handle of the Heavenly Calamity Sword had already escaped from the Green Wind's prison with a desperate strike on the 20th year.

It had disappeared, and the Green Wind had disappeared with it.

The scattered green radiance formed the last wind disasters of the Cong Yun Sea, and would normally persist until around the 24th year before completely dissipating.

However, due to Ye Feipeng's unconscious continuous consumption, by the 22nd year, the wind disasters that had been ravaging the Cong Yun Sea had completely disappeared.

Ye Feipeng, who had swallowed all the Green Wind energy, now had an aura intensity that far exceeded an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator.

However, it seemed there was no bottleneck to his strength.

Although he had not advanced to the Golden Core realm, his strength continued to rise.

Through the Vision of Heaven and Earth, Li Fan could see even more clearly.

A monstrous shadow resembling both a whale and a roc would occasionally appear behind him.

It emitted ancient and melodious cries.

"Is this the reason you want to save Ye Feipeng?"

"For this, you even gave up the chance for the other half to escape?"

"You're so confident in him?"

This was a treatment that even Zhang Haobo in the previous life did not receive from the Cong Yun Sea.

Li Fan stared fixedly at Ye Feipeng.

In his dantian, besides the previous foundation built by the Green Wind True Intent, there was another familiar blue bead, quietly sinking within the Green Wind.

The blue light in Ye Feipeng's chest had merged with the Heavenly Treasure, the Canghai Pearl.

"Building two foundations with two Heavenly Treasures? What's going on here?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 257: Cultivator Establishes Dao Anew


Li Fan did not care much about the fact that Ye Feipeng likely had a spiritual beast bloodline inheritance in his body.

Because this also belonged to a type of talent.

Li Fan couldn't take any reference from it.

However, he became interested in Ye Feipeng's dual Foundation Treasure in his Dantian.

Li Fan could be considered as half a true Foundation Establishment Grandmaster, yet he had never heard of a cultivator being able to establish a second foundation using another Heavenly Treasure after the initial Foundation Establishment.

How did Ye Feipeng achieve this?

Was it related to his unique bloodline?

Observing through the Vision of Heaven and Earth, Li Fan carefully observed the peacefully sleeping Ye Feipeng.

The Green Wind True Intent Foundation Treasure and the Canghai Pearl Foundation Treasure coexisted peacefully in the body of the fatty.

They were completely harmonious.

Even after watching for a long time, Li Fan couldn't figure out the underlying principles.

Out of habit, he searched in the Tianxuan Mirror.

As expected, he found no relevant information.

However, this result only strengthened Li Fan's belief that there might indeed be a method to establish dual Foundation Treasures.

Perhaps the secrecy level was extremely high; otherwise, it wouldn't be so bad that there wouldn't even be a single word of discussion about it.

"Dual Foundation Treasures..."

"Could there be multiple foundations?"

Li Fan's interest in this matter was not because he desired to establish a second foundation using other Heavenly Treasures.

[Truth] could transform into all the Heavenly Treasures in the world.

If there was a rare and extraordinary Heavenly Treasure that Li Fan wanted to make his own, he could directly absorb it and then transform it with [Truth]. No need for unnecessary steps.

What Li Fan truly desired was a method for two or even more Foundation Treasures to coexist in his body.

Currently, when [Truth] transformed into a Heavenly Treasure, it could only display one at a time.

Whether it was the Canghai Pearl or the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart, [Truth] could only change sequentially; simultaneous coexistence was impossible.

If [Truth] could transform into two or more Heavenly Treasures simultaneously...

Aside from the many other possibilities, his combat power would have a significant leap at the very least.

Unable to find results through searching, Li Fan began to leverage his personal connections.

Li Fan messaged his friends inquiring about the matter of dual Foundation Treasures.

He expected it to take a long time to get answers, but surprisingly, replies came quickly.

It was the Oracle from Tianyun Province, whom he got to know through Ling Xiao's legacy.

"Is Junior inquiring about dual Foundation Treasures because you found some high-grade Heavenly Treasure and want to establish a new foundation?"

Seeing that the Oracle was clearly well-informed, Li Fan replied promptly, "Senior, you misunderstood. I just happened to see a cultivator with a dual Foundation Treasure and asked out of curiosity."

The Oracle remained silent for a moment before saying, "I see."

"I still owe Junior a favor. The matter of dual Foundation Treasures is not a top-secret, so I can tell you."

"But Junior, keep it to yourself. Don't spread it unnecessarily to avoid trouble."

Li Fan immediately responded, "Junior understands."

The Oracle then said, "How much does Junior know about Heavenly Treasures?"

"A little. They are divided into Human Treasure, Earthly Treasure, and Celestial Treasure. Human Treasures seem to be formed by the transformation of cultivators who died thousands of years ago..." Li Fan explained some basic knowledge.

"Correct. Cultivators use Heavenly Treasures to establish Foundation Treasures. Subsequently, the condensation of the Golden Core, the formation of the Nascent Soul, and even the transformation of the soul are closely related to one's Foundation Treasure."

"But the quality of Heavenly Treasures varies. If a cultivator begins Foundation Establishment during a period of hardship and poverty, they might have to choose a middle or even low-grade Human Treasure to establish their foundation."

"Let's say that later, through a fortuitous encounter, fate turned around for them, and they continued to cultivate until reaching the Soul Transformation realm."

"Their low-quality Foundation Treasure became incompatible with their powerful cultivation."

"It became a 'flaw' in their cultivation. What should one do in such a situation?"

"Shatter the Foundation Treasure and rebuild it? With the Tai Shang Primordial Scripture, one can preserve the majority of their cultivation."

"However, the higher the cultivation level, the more time is needed for re-cultivation. Furthermore, the longer one has cultivated, the more firmly rooted the Foundation Treasure becomes."

"Recklessly shattering the Foundation Treasure can also pose a life-threatening danger."

Hearing this, Li Fan pondered, "So, is this method of establishing a new foundation used by high-level cultivators to eliminate the flaws in their foundation?"

The Oracle nodded, "This method is called 'Establish Dao Anew.' After establishing a new foundation, not only does one's cultivation and magical power remain unaffected, but the new foundation can gradually devour and replace the original one.

"This silently completes the transformation, rectifying all previous flaws."

With the Oracle's explanation, Li Fan completely understood.

To give an inappropriate analogy, the original foundation was like a wife who had endured the hardships of cultivating with the cultivator, overcoming the early stages of Foundation Establishment and Golden Core.

However, as the cultivator soared to the greater heights of the Nascent Soul and Soul Transformation realms, they started to feel that their humble wife was not worthy of them. Thus, they planned to replace their wife.

But the wife had walked through hardships together with the cultivator.

Suddenly divorcing her would not only be emotionally difficult for the cultivator, but it would also draw criticism from others.

They could only proceed slowly, first taking a concubine and then finding an opportunity to promote the concubine to the main wife.

What Li Fan wanted was a way for the wife and the concubine to peacefully coexist. So, he asked the Oracle about it.

Since the Oracle was planning to help, there was no pretense.

He immediately transmitted the method of 'Establish Dao Anew.'

Li Fan was overjoyed and expressed his gratitude.

As he eagerly read the profound content of the technique, the Oracle suddenly sighed, "Speaking of which, this method of 'Establish Dao Anew' was created by a cultivator named Chen Shimei from our Tianyun Province."

"This person was truly ruthless, and was willing to use any means for further cultivation."

"Just because the Foundation Treasure of the other party might be more suitable for oneself, he actually forcibly refined his Dao companion who had accompanied him for hundreds of years from the humblest of beginnings."

Li Fan, immersed in the mysteries of the technique, was startled by this revelation. He had almost forgotten that anything in this realm could be turned into a Foundation Treasure.

The slightly mocking voice of the Oracle sounded again, "Unfortunately, his luck wasn't good. The news leaked, and he angered a powerful female cultivator."

"He wasn't just skinned alive; even his consciousness was extracted and transferred to a black dog."

"Every day he suffers bullying from the other beasts. It's a fate worse than death."

"Hehe, if Junior comes to our Tianyun Province for a visit, perhaps you can still see him..."

"To please this powerful female cultivator, many cultivators bring ferocious beasts to queue up and torment Chen Shimei."

Even just thinking about it sent a shiver down Li Fan's spine.

A woman's wickedness was not weaker than a man's at all.

"While Chen Shimei's character might be despicable, the technique itself is not bad."

"But judging by Senior's words, this technique could bring trouble?"

"Why is that?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 258: Zhenghao’s Intent to Form a Golden Core


"Could it be because of that powerful female cultivator?" Li Fan asked.

"Not really. It's a separate matter. She is reasonable," replied the Oracle.

"Moreover, she personally revealed the secret of the 'Establish Dao Anew' technique." the Oracle shook his head.

"Oh? Then why?" Li Fan was curious.

The Oracle chuckled, avoiding a direct answer.

Instead, he said with a mysterious tone, "If every cultivator knew that they could potentially become ingredients for higher-level cultivators at any time..."

"The world would be chaotic."

"Those big shots wouldn't want to see that happen."

Li Fan remained silent.

"But there are no restrictions on using this technique. You can rest assured," the Oracle said before ending the communication.

Shaking his head to clear the cluttered thoughts, Li Fan began studying the 'Establish Dao Anew' technique.

After a long time, Li Fan couldn't help but praise, "This Chen Shimei is indeed a rare talent."

"Comprehending Heavenly Treasures, merging them with your emotions, and wielding their law..."

After memorizing the exquisite details of the technique, Li Fan didn't rush to cultivate it himself.

Instead, he once again observed Ye Feipeng.

Li Fan knew Ye Feipeng's actions very well.

He had no chance to come into contact with the 'Establish Dao Anew' technique.

So, how did he form the dual Foundation Treasures?

How did it differ from the dual Foundation Treasures formed through 'Establish Dao Anew'?

After observing for a long time, Li Fan seemed to have some insights.

The principle behind both methods was essentially the same.

To use the earlier analogy of taking a concubine...

If Chen Shimei's 'Establish Dao Anew' was like scheming to convince his wife to accept a concubine...

Then Ye Feipeng was a natural polygamist.

As the lord of the harem, his wife not only wouldn't object...

She might even lend a helping hand in secret.

"What an excellent physique!" Understanding the intricacies, Li Fan looked at the fatty with a different perspective.

"You've brought me more and more surprises."

"I wonder what changes will occur when you wake up again."

"I have a vague feeling that there's more to the Cong Yun Sea's desperate gamble."

Withdrawing his attention, Li Fan began cultivating 'Establish Dao Anew'.

In his case, it was like the wife was a charming and beautiful mistress who was proficient in the art of transformation, capable of assuming the appearance of any other woman.

Thus, he avoided the trouble of continuous conflicts between the new and old Foundation Treasure.

He only needed to establish the foundation using [Truth] once more.

...

One month later.

The secret technique was successful.

Li Fan checked his dantian and found that the representation of [Truth], the white jade light cluster, seemed to have been perfectly divided into two clusters.

However, in essence, they were still a unified whole; with a thought, they could instantly return to unity.

Delighted, Li Fan quietly left Ten Thousand Immortals Island and arrived at a remote and uninhabited underwater location.

He tested the gains from this attempt.

"Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart, Rust Sword Dao Xuan!"

[Truth] simultaneously transformed into two different artifacts.

It went smoothly, without any hindrance.

"Canghai Pearl, Rust Sword Dao Xuan!"

In the blue light, a broken, rusted iron sword concealed a hidden killing intent, ready to strike at any moment.

"Excellent!" Li Fan's eyes lit up.

"This is a great way to sneak attack an enemy."

His thoughts turned again.

"What if they both become the same?"

In an instant, two identical Canghai Pearls appeared in Li Fan's dantian.

However, to Li Fan's regret, the Canghai Pearls, at the moment of formation, inexplicably merged back into one.

Furthermore, their power remained unchanged.

"Can I only increase the quantity and not strengthen the quality?"

"Although it's a bit regrettable, it's still really good."

"While in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, I often maintained used the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart."

"In battles, I can simultaneously use the power of two different Foundation Treasures."

After trying for a while and becoming familiar with the rapid transformation of the two Foundation Treasures, Li Fan returned to the Tianxuan Mirror, satisfied.

"According to the secret technique's instructions, after opening dual Foundation Treasures, the difficulty of establishing new foundations will increase exponentially."

"Indeed, I feel that dual Foundation Treasures are already my limit now."

"I wonder if there will be opportunities to increase them in the future."

"Even so, dual Foundation Treasures are still beneficial for me."

"It's foreseeable that it will be much easier when I refine my Golden Core with the laws of Heavenly Calamity, Hanhai, Ink Death, and Azure Flame. Furthermore, the speed of switching treasures with [Truth] has almost halved."

"There are six years left until the arrival of the Crimson Flame."

"With the many variables in this life, to be on the safe side, I should leave the Cong Yun Sea ahead of time."

"On the 26th year, I can go to Shilin Province."

"I need to also find an excuse to take He Zhenghao with me..."

Coincidentally, just as Li Fan was thinking about him, He Zhenghao sent a message.

Upon checking it, Li Fan was pleasantly surprised.

For more than a year, He Xinxin had been wandering around the Cong Yun Sea with He Zhenghao.

Not long ago, Heng Ruoshui finally issued the final ultimatum for her to return home quickly.

Although He Xinxin was reluctant, she had played enough.

Her father's life was no longer in danger.

Not daring to disobey her mother's orders, the little girl tearfully bid farewell to her father after she agreed to visit often in the future.

After sending away his daughter, a long-lost fighting spirit was ignited in He Zhenghao.

It was as if he had returned to his youth, and he was full of motivation.

With no regrets regarding his daughter, all knots in his heart were untied.

He Zhenghao's cultivation speed was truly remarkable.

In no time, he broke through the bottleneck and was about to condense a Golden Core.

This message was to inform Li Fan that he intended to go out and find inspiration to form a core, and also to request Li Fan to accompany him.

Li Fan naturally agreed.

After the two met on the Transmission Square and used the teleportation array, they arrived at Linglong Island in the northwest area of the Cong Yun Sea.

They then flew west.

"Three thousand miles west of here, there is a peculiar sight."

"The Three Undersea Faults."

"Over just a few hundred miles, the seabed forms three major faults like a steep staircase."

"Between each fault, there is a drop of four to five thousand meters."

"Due to intense geological activity between the faults, the seabed has many created mountain ranges."

"These underwater mountain ranges have bizarre shapes and are magnificent, far surpassing the beauty of land mountains."

"Since I'm practicing the 'Mountain and River Hidden Dragon Technique,' I want to observe this extraordinary scenery for inspiration."

"With the laws of Earth Veins, Mountains and Rivers, and the Hidden Abyss, I'll simultaneously form my Golden Core using three laws!"

Facing Li Fan, He Zhenghao didn't hide anything.

He laid out his plans for forming the core.

Looking at him, Li Fan could see his vigor and indomitable spirit.

There was an indescribable self-confidence between his eyebrows.

It was completely different from his previous meek appearance; they seemed like two different people.

"It seems that having an understanding daughter is quite important for middle-aged men."

Li Fan thought silently.

But he praised, "Fellow Daoist's approach is truly extraordinary, forming a core with three laws."

"I don't think there are many in this entire Cong Yun Sea who can match you."

"Let me congratulate fellow Daoist in advance for your success!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 259: Three Undersea Faults


"Hahaha, I'll try my best to live up to Fellow Daoist's kind words."

He Zhenghao laughed heartily and couldn't wait to fly to the destination.

"We're here!"

After a short half-day, He Zhenghao suddenly stopped, then plunged into the sea.

Li Fan followed, diving all the way to the depths of the sea.

With his spiritual consciousness, he scanned the three major faults formed by the countless rugged mountain ranges below.

"Indeed, the atmosphere is extraordinary, with a unique charm as compared to mountains found on land."

Li Fan couldn't help but think to himself.

He Zhenghao stood on the bottom of the sea and closed his eyes, seemingly searching for something.

Above his head, the "Hundred Veins Formation Diagram" suddenly appeared.

In an instant, as if there was an inexplicable fluctuation emanating from the continuous mountain range below, faintly resonating with the formation diagram.

He Zhenghao continuously adjusted his position, determining the optimal location.

Li Fan quietly observed on the side.

After a while, He Zhenghao suddenly opened his eyes, revealing a gleam.

Above his head, the "Hundred Veins Formation Diagram" grew rapidly.

In an instant, it became the size of a hundred miles.

The sharp-eyed Li Fan also noticed that the appearance of mountains and rivers in the formation diagram kept changing.

Surprisingly, it gradually became more similar to the underwater mountain range shrouded below.

The resonance fluctuation became stronger and stronger.

When the scenery in the diagram completely matched the actual scene, He Zhenghao shouted loudly.

The formation diagram emitted a dazzling white light, then seemed to completely merge into the lower mountains, disappearing from view.

He Zhenghao pinched his fingers and continuously pointed. Beside him, the mountain and river formations subtly changed.

It seemed to form a large formation, guarding He Zhenghao in the center.

"Hundred of veins, mountains, and rivers, all incorporated together as a formation... What a great treasure."

Li Fan had once peeked into He Zhenghao's "Interpretation of the Hundred Veins Formation Diagram," so he was not unfamiliar with this method of transforming mountains and rivers into a formation.

"Please, fellow Daoist, guard me!" He Zhenghao said solemnly to Li Fan.

Afterward, he gathered his thoughts and officially began core formation.

Although this place was quite remote, and rarely visited by cultivators, Li Fan remained vigilant.

He flew above He Zhenghao, overlooking his core formation process, while also monitoring the surroundings to act as a guard.

It was different from the majestic scene of Sword, Water, and Wind laws dominating the sky and earth when Zhang Haobo formed his core.

In the beginning, there was only silence.

No anomalies occurred, and He Zhenghao sat cross-legged above the Three Undersea Faults, silent and motionless.

If Li Fan hadn't faintly perceived that something seemed to be brewing beneath the sea bed, he might almost have thought He Zhenghao was just in closed-door cultivation.

Li Fan patiently waited.

The process of accumulating strength took even longer than he had imagined.

It took more than ten days before any changes finally occurred.

In the quiet underwater world, a heartbeat-like sound suddenly rang out.

"Thump!"

Li Fan squinted his eyes.

The moment he heard the sound, he had a strange illusion.

This underwater triple fault which stretched for a hundred miles seemed to have suddenly come alive.

It was as if a deep-sea behemoth that had been sleeping for countless years had suddenly awakened, and it brought him an inexplicable sense of danger.

"Thump!"

The heartbeat sound rang out again.

The earth trembled slightly.

Li Fan's sense of unease grew stronger.

From the Vision of Heaven and Earth, when he looked down at the mountain range below, Li Fan could faintly see.

As the echoing heartbeat continued, deep in the earth, streams of earth-colored energy surged like blood rushing through veins.

It brought endless power to the earth.

"The law of Earth Veins..."

Li Fan seemed to have gained some insight.

The "Hundred Veins Formation Diagram," which had expanded to a hundred miles and merged with the seabed below, suddenly erupted with a bright light along its edges.

It was as if a silver dividing line separated it from the original underwater mountain range.

Heartbeats echoed as endless earth-colored Earth Veins energy surged from the boundless distant continental shelf.

Like all rivers flowing into the sea, they were all absorbed by the formation.

"Just the law of Earth Veins alone has such momentum?"

"Extraordinary, truly extraordinary!"

"Worthy of being the man I value!"

Li Fan praised repeatedly, looking forward to the remaining two laws.

The force of Earth Veins continued to surge and gradually stabilized.

He Zhenghao began to delve into the law of Mountains and Rivers.

Li Fan noticed that the seawater, which should have been still, began to flow slowly at this moment.

From the highest seabed, it flowed downward.

With each drop of thousands of meters created by the faults, unique underwater waterfalls were formed as the momentum of the seawater increased.

After the baptism of the three major faults, the slow undercurrents had turned into a surging underwater current.

Sweeping through the underwater mountain range, it roared past.

Compared to the heartbeat of the Earth Veins, it sounded like heavy breathing.

The rushing currents traversed through the dense mountains.

Strands of blue-green energy were absorbed by the array.

"Law of Mountains and Rivers..."

Li Fan's eyes flashed with a hint of understanding.

The Earth Veins and the Mountains and Rivers complemented each other.

Heartbeats and breaths echoed constantly in his ears.

The three undersea faults below gave an increasingly obvious sense of "vitality."

Blue-green and earth-colored light continuously emerged from the seabed.

It seemed to have attracted some cultivators to come and observe.

Most of them could tell that a cultivator was breaking through the Golden Core stage.

Later, Li Fan revealed his identity as a Formation Repairer of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

These cultivators, seeing that a member of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was standing guard, dispelled their thoughts and chose to keep a distance.

However, there were still some stubborn and unscrupulous cultivators lurking in secret.

Most of them were nameless loose cultivators.

Their strength was all below the Golden Core stage.

Li Fan didn't hold back and directly captured them with his Insect Binding Technique, throwing them far away.

After three days like this, the spectacular scene gradually began to converge.

The heartbeat sound gradually diminished.

The breathing sound became lighter.

The laws of Earth Veins and Mountains and Rivers gradually converged.

The sense of "vitality" also slowly faded away.

It reverted to the appearance of a normal underwater abyss.

However, Li Fan could clearly feel it.

This was hiding, not disappearing.

A mysterious and obscure energy concealed all the anomalies, making them difficult to perceive.

If Li Fan hadn't witnessed all the changes from beginning to end and meticulously observed from the Vision of Heaven and Earth, he probably wouldn't have understood the inexplicable changes here.

When Li Fan witnessed the abyss below, it was as if he was staring directly at an ancient ferocious beast ready to devour someone at any moment.

Occasionally, waves of indescribable palpitations surged in his heart.

"Law of Hidden Abyss..."

"Wonderful!"

"The three laws are completed. It seems that fellow Daoist He is not far from completing the core formation!"

Li Fan thought to himself.

The seabed returned to its previous quiet appearance.

It was another seven days later.

However, He Zhenghao still hadn't succeeded in forming his core.

The laws of Earth Veins, Mountains and Rivers, and Hidden Abyss had all stopped fluctuating.

According to reason, he could complete the core formation at this point.

But He Zhenghao had yet to make a move.

It didn't seem like a failure.

It was more like he was waiting for something.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 260: Four Law Golden Core


"What is fellow Daoist He up to?"

"Could it be that he's not satisfied with forming the Golden Core using three laws?"

"Does he want to add another law?"

Li Fan, who had been standing guard, couldn't help but think to himself when he saw this scene.

"If it succeeds, everyone will naturally rejoice. But being too greedy might lead to trouble."

However, it was already the most critical moment for the Golden Core formation, and Li Fan couldn't forcibly interrupt He Zhenghao's process.

He could only be patient and wait.

"I wonder what the fourth law for fellow Daoist He's Golden Core formation is?"

"I didn't hear him mention it when he came with me before. It's unlikely that he concealed it from me."

"In that case, did he comprehend something new during the process of forming the Golden Core?"

Li Fan pondered silently.

He didn't have to wait long.

Soon, he knew the answer.

Just half a day later, the three undersea faults below suddenly shook violently, as if experiencing an underwater earthquake.

It wasn't due to the reappearance of the energy of the Earth Veins or Mountains and Rivers.

Instead...

Li Fan's expression hardened, and he became solemn.

He raised his guard and stared intently below.

With the increasing intensity of the tremors, cracks quickly appeared and extended, rapidly spreading across the seafloor and mountains.

In just a moment, the three undersea faults that stretched for hundreds of miles were covered with cracks.

It seemed like they were about to collapse at any moment.

The shaking intensified.

As if...

Something was about to emerge from beneath!

A muffled cracking sound came from the depths of the seafloor.

The continuous rumble was unceasing.

Li Fan turned to look at He Zhenghao and saw that his expression remained unchanged.

It seemed like he had been waiting for whatever was hidden in the depths of the sea.

After thinking for a moment, Li Fan didn't make any extra moves.

Out of caution, he activated a Disappearance Talisman and moved far away.

He silently observed the development of the situation.

The earth roared, and the seafloor collapsed.

The three undersea faults began to collapse with a bang.

With this spectacle, when the seabed was almost completely destroyed from the inside out, the thing buried inside finally revealed its form.

A magnificent three-sectioned palace complex, spanning dozens of miles, appeared before Li Fan.

The buildings emitted an ancient aura.

On the tallest building, one could faintly see the words "Taiyuan Palace."

"What is this? The reappearance of an ancient sect's ruins?"

Li Fan was somewhat surprised because such a massive-scale ruin had never been uncovered in previous lives.

"Could it be that the fluctuations caused by He Zhenghao forming the Golden Core triggered a disturbance in the laws, breaking the seal of the ruins?"

In the midst of Li Fan's speculations, the earth continued to roar.

Creaking and grinding sounds of compression and collision were incessant.

"Boom!"

It was as if something had burst open.

The seafloor collapsed completely.

The palace complex, led by the Taiyuan Palace, ascended slowly in front of Li Fan.

"Not good!"

Li Fan's face changed slightly.

He saw that this massive group of buildings was about to crash up from below.

At that moment, he was about to grab He Zhenghao and escape the area covered by the palace complex.

"Fellow Daoist, no need to worry about me! I have a way to escape!"

At this moment, He Zhenghao's voice transmission sounded in Li Fan's ear.

Li Fan didn't make any pretense. His figure flickered repeatedly.

In an instant, he escaped from the dangerous area.

Looking back, he couldn't help but sweat for He Zhenghao.

He saw He Zhenghao sitting upright, positioned above the ascending palace group.

When the massive buildings, carrying unmatched momentum, were about to collide with him, he neither dodged nor avoided; instead, he wore an expression of joy and spoke loudly, "The heavens are helping me!"

A formation diagram appeared above his head, and He Zhenghao faced the incoming group of buildings, continuously forming seals with his laws.

In an instant, a dense yellow and blue aura covered the area, forming a massive net above the ascending palace.

However, just moments later, this giant net was torn to shreds. In the face of such a massive group of buildings, it was like paper, incapable of blocking them even for a moment.

Yet, with the net acting as a buffer, He Zhenghao avoided the fate of being directly crushed.

With yellow and blue energy dispersing everywhere, He Zhenghao spat out a large mouthful of blood and swiftly retreated.

Just before leaving, he reached out with his hands, as if grabbing something from the group of buildings.

After He Zhenghao escaped, Li Fan quickly approached to check his injuries. He himself, however, paid no attention to this, wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth.

He stared at the continuously rising buildings, his eyes becoming increasingly bright.

"Can even mountains and rivers ascend?"

"Indeed!"

Then, a look of ecstasy appeared on his face.

"The Ascension Law! This is the law that allows even mountains and rivers to ascend..."

"Earth Veins, Mountains and Rivers, Hidden Abyss, Ascension!"

"All four laws are complete, and my core is formed!"

He Zhenghao burst into wild laughter.

Before the laughter faded, a violent wave of spiritual energy erupted from his body, forcing Li Fan to retreat.

The yellow energy of the Earth Veins, the blue-green energy of the Mountains and Rivers, the deep black energy of the Hidden Abyss, and the purple-white energy of Ascensionall appeared around He Zhenghao at once.

They formed a vortex of colorful energy, intertwining and merging around the core of the "Hundred Veins Formation Diagram."

...

Watching this spectacular scene from the side, Li Fan couldn't help but feel emotional.

"I didn't expect fellow Daoist He to actually succeed in synthesizing four laws."

"A Golden Core cultivator with four laws, I'm afraid there are very few in the entire Cong Yun Sea."

"From now on, his status is likely to be significantly different."

"This Ascension Law, like the Hidden Abyss Law, seems to resonate with his 'Mountain and River Hidden Dragon Technique.'"

"I didn't expect that there would be such a ruin in the breakthrough location he chose."

"This is He Zhenghao's fortune."

In his spiritual sense, the continuously ascending palace complex was rising faster and faster.

It was about to emerge from the sea surface.

However...

Li Fan was slightly stunned.

Because the scale of the palace complex seemed to be shrinking continuously.

"Not an illusion..."

"In that case."

In an instant, Li Fan thought of something.

In the twelfth life, Li Fan had heard that during the 22nd year, a cultivation abode ascended from the seafloor in the northwest area of the Cong Yun Sea, and then flew directly towards the direction of the Jiushan Province.

Many curious cultivators followed, but none returned, disappearing without a trace.

"Is it that abode?"

Li Fan suddenly realized.

"I don't know which sect's ruin it is, but it can change size and fly like a magic treasure."

"Well... maybe I can publicize this and let other cultivators explore it for me."

"With it being so well-preserved and the sect's ruins being so miraculous, it will certainly attract many cultivators to explore."

Li Fan subconsciously started to plan.

Not long after, a special fluctuation interrupted his thoughts.

In He Zhenghao's abdomen, a Golden Core was about to take shape.

On the surface of the Golden Core, the appearance of a formation was faintly visible.

The aura on his body soared in an instant.

He Zhenghao had successfully formed his Golden Core.

At the same time, a large amount of feedback spiritual energy also appeared in Li Fan's dantian.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 261: Zhenghao’s Ambition


During this period, the Karmic Body used to accommodate the feedback from the Mountain Meditation Technique had reached a state of half-real and half-illusory.

If quantified, it was roughly equivalent to half of Li Fan's Foundation Establishment cultivation.

With He Zhenghao's breakthrough to Golden Core, Li Fan received the largest investment return since practicing the Mountain Meditation Technique.

The quantity exceeded Li Fan's expectations, and the illusory image of the Karmic Body transformed into reality after reaching perfect stage Foundation Establishment.

A vivid figure, with clear facial features, sat inside Li Fan's dantian.

Li Fan suddenly felt that the Karmic Body had reached its absorption limit.

Just as he felt somewhat regretful, thinking that the remaining feedback cultivation would go to waste, a second Karmic Body suddenly appeared.

It continued until it stored one-third of the total amount before finally stopping.

"It's indeed a Four Law Golden Core; it can bring such a significant return in cultivation!"

Li Fan was secretly amazed.

After careful sensing, Li Fan had a realization.

"In addition to the extraordinary power of the Four Law Golden Core, the inextricable connection between He Zhenghao and me is also an important reason for the amount of feedback this time."

"One reason is the Mountain and River Hidden Dragon Technique, and the other is that I prevented He Zhenghao from meeting a tragic end and essentially saved his life."

"Combined with my careful protection during his breakthrough..."

"All in all, that's why when he broke through, I received so much feedback."

"If it were just the Mountain and River Hidden Dragon Technique, breaking through to Golden Core would definitely not result in so much cultivation feedback."

In the midst of these thoughts, the turbulent fluctuations on He Zhenghao's side gradually calmed down.

His breath restrained, he slowly opened his eyes.

"Congratulations, fellow Daoist, on achieving the Four Law Golden Core. From now on, your future is boundless!" Li Fan said with a smile.

He Zhenghao burst into laughter, dispelling the past depression he had been carrying.

Then he said seriously, "Don't be so formal. Half of the credit of my Golden Core formation belongs to you."

"Although I have now formed the Golden Core, fellow Daoist is not far from the breakthrough, and I am only a step ahead."

"How about we continue to interact as we did before?"

He Zhenghao gave a lot of face, and Li Fan was very satisfied.

The two exchanged compliments for a while.

During the conversation, they talked about the palace complex that had risen before.

He Zhenghao frowned and said, "When I was breaking through, I originally intended to form the Golden Core with three laws. However, when I was sensing the undersea triple fault zones through the formation diagram, I inexplicably perceived that there seemed to be something hidden beneath the seabed."

"It even resonated and was related to my Hidden Abyss law."

"I thought it might be some extraordinary treasure, but I didn't expect it to be a complete ruin."

Li Fan chimed in, "This ruin didn't reveal its true size until you broke through. It changed to the size of an ordinary cultivation abode and flew away to the east."

"How about it, fellow Daoist, are you interested in this ruin?"

He Zhenghao shook his head, "If I say I'm not interested, I'd be lying. Unfortunately, even with my current cultivation, a sense of danger arises in my heart when I recall the scene where I faced it head-on just now."

"There are so many opportunities in the world, and there's no need to grab everything you see."

"It's better to forget about it!"

Li Fan nodded, "Fellow Daoist's words make sense."

However, in his heart, Li Fan couldn't help but think that after spending time with his daughter, fellow Daoist He's actions seemed much more cautious.

If he were alone like before, he might have entertained thoughts of going on an adventure.

At present, Li Fan didn't bring up this topic again.

"What are your plans next, fellow Daoist?" Li Fan asked.

After advancing to Golden Core, there would naturally be adjustments to one's position within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

He Zhenghao hesitated for a moment before answering, "If possible, I would like to take advantage of this breakthrough and try to transfer to Tianyu Province."

"Of course, Tianyu Province is the central homeland of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Even if I am a Four Law Golden Core cultivator, it's unrealistic to directly transfer there. However, I can gradually plan for it, using other provinces as stepping stones. When I break through to Nascent Soul next time, I'll see if there's an opportunity."

"In any case, I want to leave this remote Cong Yun Sea first."

Upon hearing this, Li Fan's heart stirred.

He Zhenghao had narrowly escaped a destined calamity and recognized his daughter, and his destiny had undergone a mysterious change. Through a series of coincidences, he had the idea of leaving the Cong Yun Sea spontaneously.

In this way, even if Li Fan didn't intervene, he could still escape the calamity of the Crimson Flame.

This is another blessing.

"It seems that even heroes have a hard time resisting a beauty!" Li Fan knew why He Zhenghao was so eager to return to Tianyu Province and couldn't help but tease him.

"Fellow Daoist, feel free to do as you please. If you need contribution points to establish connections, don't hesitate to ask." Li Fan smiled and assured him.

He Zhenghao, upon hearing this, showed a happy expression. He knew that Li Fan had earned a fortune during the Spirit Mist Grass incident and was quite wealthy.

"With my previous connections and the foundation of my Four Law Golden Core, coupled with using a sufficient amount of contributions to pave the way, I might be able to obtain an unexpectedly good position." He secretly thought.

"Perhaps I won't need to go to Shilin Province in this life. After all, it's unfamiliar territory. Let's see if I can hitch a ride with Fellow Daoist He's good fortune." Li Fan thought to himself.

The two returned with their own thoughts.

He Zhenghao returned to Liuli Island to stabilize his cultivation.

Li Fan returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

The news of the underwater cultivation abode gradually spread. Many cultivators flew over, attempting to seek opportunities.

But after all, by the time the palace complex appeared in the crowd's view, it had shrunk a lot.

Therefore, it didn't look very large or valuable, and the number of cultivators willing to chase after it was not that many.

If nothing unexpected happened, after dozens of cultivators fell behind, this matter would slowly be forgotten.

However...

Li Fan wanted the cultivators to explore and find out the secrets within the ruin.

How could he allow such a thing to happen?

So he decided to stir up some trouble.

In the Tianxuan Realm, he, as an eyewitness, narrated the incident of the ruin's reappearance.

Not long after, it caused a sensation.

After all, ancient cultivation abodes and ancient sect ruins were two completely different concepts.

Cultivator abodes generally had a limited number of techniques and treasures.

But in ancient sect ruins, especially those that had been sealed for countless years and had just reappeared, had countless opportunities.

The prosperity of the ancient cultivation world was deeply ingrained in people's minds.

Obtaining any cultivation technique at all was already a huge gain.

And according to Li Fan's description, the palace complex spanned hundreds of miles and did not seem like an insignificant and weak sect.

Thus, the enthusiasm of the cultivators was quickly ignited.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 262: Aiming for the Garrison


One exploration team after another began flying in the direction of the ruins, searching for its whereabouts.

Meanwhile, Li Fan remained hidden in the Tianxuan Mirror, patiently awaiting the results.

Three months later, there hadn't been significant progress in exploring the ruins, but an excited message arrived from He Zhenghao.

"Fellow Daoist Li Fan, good news," he exclaimed.

"After some efforts on my part, I've secured three potential positions, each located in different provinces. Fellow Daoist, please offer your advice."

Li Fan promptly replied, "Oh? Tell me more."

"The first one is the leader of the Martial Hall in Taihua Province," He Zhenghao explained.

"Taihua Province is not far from the Cong Yun Sea, and it's known for the Taihua Mountain Range that spans the entire province.

"The peaks are incredibly numerous, and my cultivation speed there would be much faster than in the Cong Yun Sea."

"The second one is a Counselor of the Formation Hall in Qingwei Province," he continued.

"Although it's still far from Tianyu Province, it's much closer compared to the Cong Yun Sea."

"The third one is city guardian in Tianyun Province," He Zhenghao concluded.

"This province is not far from the western part of the Tianyu Province, and therefore competition for the position is intense.

"It's only a position shift from island guardian to city guardian, but the advantage is that being closer to the headquarters might make promotions easier."

He Zhenghao slowly revealed the results of his efforts over this period.

"Tianyun Province..." Li Fan pondered for a moment and replied, "Let's not rush to make a decision. I have acquaintances in Tianyun Province; I'll inquire further to see if there are additional opportunities."

He Zhenghao was surprised, "You have connections in Tianyun Province?"

Li Fan smiled faintly, "I can't guarantee anything. Let's give it a try; wait for my message, fellow Daoist."

He Zhenghao agreed repeatedly.

Li Fan then contacted the Oracle, explaining the situation.

"Do you have any channels, Senior?" he inquired.

The Oracle simply replied, "I'll ask for you."

After that, there was no further response.

Li Fan wasn't in a hurry and patiently waited.

Half a day later, a cultivator named Daoist Jingxuan from Tianyun Province requested to add Li Fan as a friend. Li Fan quickly accepted.

Jingxuan's hearty voice echoed, "Haha, are you Li Fan? I heard from the Oracle that you have a friend interested in taking a position in our Tianyun Province?"

"A Four Law Golden Core cultivator, impressive! Young talents are indeed formidable."

"In that case, could you ask if he's interested in joining our Tianyun Province Garrison?" Jingxuan continued.

"Because of the large-scale battle a few years ago, there are still some vacant positions that haven't been filled."

Li Fan was slightly taken aback and asked, "Senior Jingxuan, could you explain what the Garrison is?"

Jingxuan was surprised that Li Fan didn't know, but he quickly understood after thinking about Li Fan's remote origin. He explained, "The Garrison is an organization unique to the core areas of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"It directly reports to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters, and is mainly responsible for suppressing criminals and maintaining stability in these regions."

"In critical moments, it may also follow emergency orders to go to other provinces for battle."

Once Jingxuan clarified, Li Fan understood. Essentially, it was similar to the garrison battalion stationed outside Xuanjing City in Grand Xuan that only took orders from Li Fan and guarded the capital.

"It should be considered a key position."

"However, it seems like there will be frequent battles. I wonder if He Zhenghao is willing to accept it with his nature nowadays," Li Fan contemplated for a moment.

After chatting with Jingxuan, Li Fan contacted He Zhenghao again and explained the situation.

"The Garrison?" He Zhenghao was a bit shocked.

Having spent some time in Tianyu Province when he was young, he naturally understood what the Garrison was.

Just like the Law Enforcement Hall, it was a branch that directly took orders from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's headquarters.

Generally speaking, the members of the Garrison were half a level higher in status than the cultivators of the other departments.

"Li Fan, you're truly unfathomable to actually secure such a position," He Zhenghao exclaimed.

"Though it's a bit dangerous, I"

The image of a graceful figure flashed in his mind. Without further hesitation, he agreed.

After learning about He Zhenghao's decision, Li Fan informed Jingxuan of the news.

"Good!" Jingxuan was delighted. "Ask your friend to come to our Tianyun Province first and serve as a city guardian. After three years of service, accumulating some qualifications, I will use my connections to transfer him to the Garrison."

Next, Jingxuan carefully explained some important before ending the communication.

Li Fan conveyed all the details to He Zhenghao, who listened attentively before busying himself with his future.

Li Fan, on the other hand, transferred 100,000 contribution points to both the Oracle and Jingxuan as an expression of gratitude.

Of course, he recorded this debt on He Zhenghao's account.

...

In Tianyun Province, the Oracle was slightly stunned upon receiving the contribution points, chuckling silently.

Jingxuan quickly sent a message, inquiring, "Old Oracle, did you receive that Junior Li's contribution points? 100,000 contribution points! I remember he's only at the Foundation Establishment stage, right? Quite generous!"

The Oracle replied with a smile, "Well, he's much more generous than when we were at the Foundation Establishment stage."

"I only passed on a message and received the same reward as you, Jingxuan. Are you not angry?"

Jingxuan laughed heartily, "Hahaha, this junior is a little interesting."

"Yes, yes. I find him more pleasing than that old man Guangwu," Jingxuan continued. "After accepting gifts from others, you should do your best for them. Don't mess things up. It doesn't matter to you, but if my reputation is tarnished, hehe..."

"Mess things up? Are you looking down on me?" Jingxuan snorted coldly and fell silent.

...

Time passed.

Three months later, He Zhenghao's assignment order came through without any issues.

He became the city guardian of Guang'an City in Tianyun Province.

For this, a total of 80,000 contribution points were spent.

Naturally, they were all borrowed from Li Fan.

Anyway, He Zhenghao was already in debt and a little more made no difference.

Furthermore, Li Fan was generous and lent as much as needed.

Before leaving, He Zhenghao swore.

Once he established himself in Tianyun Province, he would try to arrange for Li Fan to join him.

Li Fan didn't say much and just patted He Zhenghao on the shoulder.

After He Zhenghao's departure, Li Fan stayed hidden in the Tianxuan Mirror all day, not going out and focusing on cultivation.

Soon, the 23rd year arrived.

The ruins were finally discovered.

They had landed in a swamp in the central part of Jiushan Province.

As cultivators explored the ruins, the origin of this place was also uncovered.

Ancient Immortal Sect, Chaoyuan Sect.

Although not as famous as the Tai Shang or Great Dao Sects, whose reputations remained known even after thousands of years, before the Great Calamity, it was also considered a renowned sect.

Based on past experiences of exploring sect ruins, there would undoubtedly be abundant treasures inside.

The news attracted many cultivators to travel to Jiushan Province, further destabilizing the already chaotic region.

Even cultivators from the Five Elders Association, with minimal disguise, brazenly joined the expedition to explore the ruins.

The audacity of their actions was evident.

The weak control of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance over Jiushan Province could be seen.

Originally, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had no intention of intervening in the normal exploration of ruins, but at this moment, news arrived that infuriated the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

A Soul Transformation cultivator from the Five Elders Association named Luo Xi not only openly revealed his identity but also injured and killed many Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance exploration members.

After obtaining something valuable from deep within the ruins, he left triumphantly.

Being so arrogant on their turf?

It was like a slap in the face.

However, confusion followed.

Such behavior had an obvious provocative intent.

Could there be a conspiracy?

Were the Five Elders Association going to start another war?

Regardless, face must not be lost.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance swiftly dispatched several Soul Transformation cultivators to Jiushan Province and issued a solemn warning.

All cultivators from the Five Elders Association were prohibited from entering Jiushan Province.

If they dare to come, they will die!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 263: Attempting to Achieve Immortality


At first, some skeptical cultivators ignored the warning from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

They continued to act recklessly, relying on their concealment techniques to secretly infiltrate Jiushan Province.

However, the Soul Transformation experts assigned to suppress them came well-prepared.

They joined hands to set up a grand formation that enveloped the entire Jiushan Province.

The purpose of this formation was not to kill but instead to automatically mark the locations of Five Elders Association cultivators within its range.

The principle behind it was unclear, but once a Five Elders Association cultivator stepped into the formation, a towering pillar of light would lock onto them.

Even if they used a concealment technique, they were as clearly visible as a candle in the dark.

Now, there was no need for the Soul Transformation cultivators to take action.

The infiltrators were torn to pieces by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators who swarmed around them.

This kind of formation, capable of identifying the identities of both sides' cultivators, had never appeared before.

It hadn't even made an appearance in the previous battle in Tianling Province.

Its debut this time was extraordinary.

The Five Elders Association's side seemed to be momentarily unable to find a way to crack it and wasn't ready for another full-scale war.

Therefore, they temporarily halted their infiltrations and did not take more aggressive measures.

However, it seemed they had not completely abandoned their intention to explore the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect.

Gathering their forces at the border of Jiushan Province, they took a stance of potentially invading at any moment.

On the front lines, both sides were at a tense standoff, and a major battle was imminent.

Meanwhile, in the secure rear of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the motivation behind the actions of the Five Elders Association became a hot topic among cultivators.

According to common sense, both sides had recently concluded a major battle, resulting in countless casualties.

During this time, there should have been a period of peace for rest and recovery.

However, the Five Elders Association acted contrary to the norm, constantly provoking the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

What was their purpose?

Moreover, the last major battle was due to the rare Five Element Subworlds.

This time, why were they mobilizing?

After discussions and analyses, most cultivators generally believed there were only two possibilities.

One was that there was indeed a precious treasure inside the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect.

The Five Elders Association was willing to go to war with the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to obtain it.

The second reason was that Jiushan Province was merely a decoy for the Five Elders Association.

Taking advantage of the opportunity presented by the emergence of the ruins, they created a big disturbance to divert the attention of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Their true goal was elsewhere.

Regardless of the purpose, it was certain that the Five Elders Association harbored malicious intentions.

For the vast majority of Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment cultivators, war seemed a bit distant to them.

After all, the last large-scale war in Tianling Province did not see them taking the field at all.

Furthermore, after the war, the benefits brought by the discounted cultivation techniques were substantial.

So, most people watched the unfolding events with a mixture of nervousness and anticipation, paying close attention to the further developments.

"Chaoyuan Sect..."

In the Cong Yun Sea, the situation had not yet reached the point where Formation Repairers needed to patrol.

Li Fan remained in the Tianxuan Mirror, collecting and reviewing information about the new events.

"Judging by the accounts of cultivators who have successfully explored the Chaoyuan Sect ruins and safely returned, it seems like an ordinary ruin. Apart from being larger in scale, there doesn't appear to be anything special."

"The only strange thing is that the interior of the ruins is remarkably smooth, showing no signs of battle or remnants of fallen cultivators."

"Even most of the restrictions inside the sect's ruins are in an inactive state."

"It's as if, at a certain moment, all Chaoyuan Sect cultivators disappeared. The sect then traveled through a thousand years and arrived directly in the present."

"Reportedly, some Soul Transformation cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had also explored it before. Unfortunately, it seems they couldn't figure out anything peculiar."

"Hmm, it's a bit interesting..."

Li Fan's eyes flashed.

Discerning individuals could see that there was something unusual about the Chaoyuan Sect.

However, even Soul Transformation cultivators couldn't understand it thoroughly, indicating exceptionally high danger.

"I hope in this lifetime, there will be results before I return to the anchor point. I can seize the opportunity in the next life."

Just as Li Fan was quietly awaiting the next development, the clone received an urgent message from Jiao Xiuyuan.

It turns out he couldn't wait any longer and wanted to hold the first auction for the Minor Medicine King Cauldron.

"I've been planning for so long; the money that should be spent has been spent. Seeing that war is about to break out again, I really can't wait any longer!"

Jiao Xiuyuan complained.

"Although the cultivators may still not be so affluent now, it's better than dragging on for a few more years without making a profit and being unable to return the capital."

"The early promotion of the Minor Medicine King Cauldron has cost me too much. If we wait any longer, the funds will be in trouble."

While the financial difficulty might not be entirely true, Li Fan agreed with his decision.

If he didn't sell the Minor Medicine King Cauldron now, when the true Medicine King Cauldron appeared, these small cauldrons wouldn't be priceless commodities anymore; they would mean big trouble.

Even Jiao Xiuyuan might not fare well then.

"The venue for the first auction is set in Tianhua Province. It's located in the core of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and is connected to eight other provinces, including Tianyu Province. Cultivators in the province are generally wealthier than those in other states."

"Would fellow Daoist like to come and observe?"

Jiao Xiuyuan attached great importance to the person who formulated the business plan and extended an invitation to Li Fan.

Li Fan smiled and declined, "For such a grand occasion, as a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator, I won't go there to join the excitement."

"I wish fellow Daoist every success in establishing the reputation of the Minor Medicine King Cauldron."

Although Jiao Xiuyuan was a bit regretful, he couldn't force it.

"By the way, fellow Daoist Jiao, what do you think of the recent movements of the Five Elders Association?" Li Fan suddenly asked.

"The Five Elders Association?" Jiao Xiuyuan was initially stunned, then tilted his head, seemingly receiving some information.

After a moment, he replied, "In my personal judgment, this time, the Five Elders Association is probing opportunistically."

"Probing? How do you explain that?" Li Fan became interested and asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan lowered his voice, "Let's keep this private; fellow Daoist must not spread this around."

"I have a special source of information. A certain Dao Integration cultivator in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance wants to defy the principles of heaven to achieve Longevity Immortal and establish their immortality."

"This Immortal Sage has a good relationship with other Dao Integration powerhouses in the alliance and reportedly has invited many helpers."

"I guess the Five Elders Association got wind of it somewhere and wants to apply some pressure to test if the information is true."

"The upheaval in Jiushan Province was just the appetizer. If everything goes as expected, the bigger part is yet to come."

When Li Fan first heard what Jiao Xiuyuan said, he thought the Dao Integration cultivator he mentioned was the Blue Feather Immortal Sage from Dao Yuan Province.

However, the subsequent descriptions were clearly inconsistent with Blue Feather.

"Another one aiming for immortality?" Li Fan's interest was piqued.

However, a doubt arose in his mind.

"This immortal wants to break through, yet they're also seeking help from friends? Aren't they afraid..." Li Fan didn't finish his sentence, but the meaning was already clear.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 264: Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign Deception


Jiao Xiuyuan smiled, "It's quite normal for fellow Daoists to have such thoughts. After all, we cultivators, from Foundation Establishment to Dao Integration, need to plunder the heavens and earth and compete for resources. In a sense, all cultivators are potential competitors to each other."

"But..."

Jiao Xiuyuan's tone suddenly gained some mysterious meaning, "Longevity Immortal realm is different."

"To achieve Longevity Immortal, one must defy the principles of heaven and earth."

"The principles of heaven and earth are the Dao of the heavens."

"Defying the principles of heaven and earth is the Dao of cultivators."

"By following the Dao of cultivators and defying the Dao of the heavens, one can achieve Longevity Immortal."

"Cultivators who can reach the peak of Dao Integration and glimpse into the Longevity Immortal realm each have their own unique Dao."

"Because before reaching this realm, they have already destroyed all potential competitors."

Jiao Xiuyuan calmly described the bloody path of ascension.

"Dao Integration cultivators, with different paths, no longer have conflicts of interest."

"Observing the process of other Dao Integration cultivators defying the principles of heaven and earth, whether successful or not, will be beneficial to oneself."

"That's why they agree to assist."

A hint of mockery appeared on Jiao Xiuyuan's dark face, "Otherwise if you want to mobilize multiple Dao Integration cultivators, you would have to sacrifice a lot."

Li Fan carefully pondered Jiao Xiuyuan's words and, after a moment, seemed to have a realization.

From Qi Condensation to Dao Integration, the required mediums for advancement are, in order, spiritual energy, Heavenly Treasure, law, subworld, marrow, and Heavenly Spirit.

As a cultivator's realm slowly improves, the restraining forces of heaven and earth during advancement become increasingly formidable.

In the early stages of cultivation, since the restraining forces of heaven and earth are not that strong, they can be almost ignored.

The main conflicts manifest in battles between cultivators.

But when the cultivation reaches the Dao Integration realm, one not only has to compete with other cultivators for the chance to sacrifice the Heavenly Spirit but also has to contend with the Heavenly Spirit itself.

The situation changes.

Finally, when reaching the Longevity Immortal realm.

The conflicts between cultivators become almost negligible.

It transforms into a struggle between cultivators and the heavens and earth.

...

Although the realms of Dao Integration and Longevity Immortal were still far away for Li Fan, they were the ultimate goals of cultivation in this realm.

For planning the future path of his cultivation, Jiao Xiuyuan's words provided valuable guidance.

The value of this conversation was not below 100,000 contribution points.

After contemplating for a while, Li Fan couldn't help but ask the long-buried question in his heart, "I wonder, what realm has fellow Daoist Jiao reached? You seem to be well-informed about the secrets of Dao Integration and Longevity Immortal."

Jiao Xiuyuan did not answer, only smiled and said, "If there's fate, fellow Daoist will know in the future."

Li Fan nodded and did not press for more information.

After ending the communication, Li Fan began to contemplate the information provided by Jiao Xiuyuan.

"The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance may have a new Longevity Immortal, so it has prompted the probing of the Five Elders Association."

"This is also something that didn't happen in the previous life."

"Could it be a variable caused by the battle in Tianling Province?"

"It makes sense. After all, this war involved too much. In the early stages, there were more than a dozen Dao Integration powerhouses fighting each other."

"Between life and death, one might gain insights. It's normal."

"According to Jiao Xiuyuan's judgment, to test the truth of the information, the Five Elders Association will undoubtedly take more aggressive measures next."

"The purpose should be to force Dao Integration cultivators to reveal themselves."

"It seems that the overall number of Dao Integration cultivators on both sides won't be too many."

"At the very least, the sudden disappearance of multiple Dao Integration cultivators would be too obvious."

"Hmm... before the storm settles, it's better to be wise and not go out." Li Fan contemplated to himself.

In the following period, it unfolded as Jiao Xiuyuan predicted.

Without warning, the Five Elders Association launched a full-scale probe against the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance on all fronts.

In the regions close to the Five Elders Association, almost all the provinces encountered Dao Integration cultivators crossing over, causing anomalies that covered the entire province and flaunting their power.

Li Fan, who was attentively monitoring the discussions among cultivators in the Tianxuan Mirror, roughly understood the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's response before many messages disappeared.

Apart from a few provinces where Dao Integration cultivators promptly appeared for countermeasures, the majority of provinces exhibited an unusual silence.

They only activated protective formations across the entire province.

Faced with such provocation, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance did not declare a state of readiness again.

They strictly ordered all provinces to activate the defensive formations, refrain from initiating hostilities, and hold back from starting a war.

This invisible display of weakness seemed to validate the correctness of that piece of information.

Whether it was aimed at obstructing the birth of a new Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign or taking advantage of the rare internal vulnerability of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to expand their territory, the Five Elders Association decisively launched another war.

However...

It couldn't even be called a war.

Because just a few days later, after all Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators entered a state of war, most cultivators hadn't even seen the shadow of the enemy.

The recently ignited smoke of war suddenly dissipated inexplicably.

The Five Elders Association lowered their flags and drums, never mentioning the word "war" again.

This inexplicable event not only left Li Fan bewildered but also surprised Jiao Xiuyuan.

And shortly afterward, under the official fanfare of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, everyone understood what had happened in these few days.

The original war plan of the Five Elders Association should have been like this.

Dao Integration powerhouses would infiltrate the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, search for the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign who was defying the principles of heaven and earth, and disrupt his ascension process.

The remaining cultivators, led by Soul Transformation powerhouses, would launch a fierce attack on the entire border of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

This was to provide cover for the Dao Integration strike team.

They would focus on attacking the regions without Dao Integration cultivators.

It was best to take advantage of this rare opportunity to expand their territory.

The plan was beautiful.

However, reality was cruel.

A total of nine Dao Integration powerhouses secretly entered the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Undoubtedly, they were an extremely powerful force.

They reached the heartland, Tianyu Province, without being noticed by anyone.

Perhaps they were secretly rejoicing in their hearts that the plan was proceeding so smoothly.

However, just when they all relaxed.

A grand formation activated, and mysterious light descended from the sky, suddenly enveloping them.

Dao Integration cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, twice their number, suddenly appeared around them.

This included the Dao Integration Immortal Sages who were supposedly invited to assist in defying the principles of heaven and earth; all present, watching with mocking expressions!

At this point, the nine Dao Integration cultivators from the Five Elders Association would obviously understand.

Everything, from the beginning, was a trap!

A trap to lure the enemy deep inside!

The claims about Dao Integration cultivators about to break through and ascend to Longevity Immortal were all false.

The purpose was to lure the Dao Integration Immortal Sages of the Five Elders Association to come for sabotage.

Then, capture them all in one fell swoop!

Tearing off a piece of flesh from the Five Elders Association!

*****

T/N: title of Longevity Immortals changed from Immortal Venerable > Heavenly Sovereign to avoid redundancy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 265: Schemes Against the Enemy


The exact number of casualties of the Five Elders Association's nine Dao Integration experts was not disclosed by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance in their announcement.

However, the losses were undoubtedly severe.

Otherwise, the recently arrogant Five Elders Association wouldn't have suddenly shrunk its forces, changing from offense to defense.

In this event, the only Dao Integration cultivators known to have died belonged to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

However, he did not die in battle; he was executed.

Because he was a spy.

He was a spy deeply embedded within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for nearly a millennium, and no one had ever suspected him.

He held a distinguished position, and until his identity was exposed, no one would suspect him as a spy for the Five Elders Association.

Immortal Sage Ziqiong, who presided over the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's Martial Hall in Tianyu Province, was highly revered.

It was precisely because of this Immortal Sage Ziqiong's secret information transmission that the Five Elders Association, after some probing and verification, became convinced of the news that a Dao Integration cultivator was about to be promoted to Longevity Immortal.

Thus, they made the strategic move to dispatch nine Dao Integration cultivators deep into enemy territory, an initiative with extremely high risks.

Because this was not the first time.

In previous actions, the Five Elders Association had tasted the sweetness of success.

The last time they did something similar was during the surprise attack on the Five Element Subworlds.

Indeed, at that time, it was also Immortal Sage Ziqiong who leaked the information about the Five Element Subworlds.

His men had received the plea for help from the exploration team, hoping that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters would send assistance in relocating the Five Element Subworlds.

This Immortal Sage Ziqiong knew better than most in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance about the true value of those subworlds.

So, he secretly passed on the information to the Five Elders Association.

That's why the Five Elders Association reacted so swiftly, arriving even before the support from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Even with the pursuit team dispatched later by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, consisting of eight Dao Integration experts, the Five Elders Association was well aware of their personnel composition with Immortal Sage Ziqiong leaking information.

If it weren't for unexpected circumstances.

One of the overlooked Soul Transformation cultivators in the team unexpectedly erupted with combat power comparable to Dao Integration, turning the tide in a critical moment.

Otherwise, the eight Dao Integration cultivators responsible for pursuit, in all likelihood, would have all perished on the battlefield.

Even so, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance suffered significant losses in this incident.

Although the Five Elders Association also incurred some losses, they were entirely acceptable compared to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The only regret was that due to the suddenness of the situation, they didn't have time to mobilize even more personnel.

The mission to seize the Five Element Subworlds ended in failure.

Regardless, the information Immortal Sage Ziqiong provided, as the deepest nail of the Five Elders Association within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, was absolutely reliable.

So, even though the act of "dispatching nine Dao Integration cultivators deep into enemy territory" theoretically carried extremely high risks, the Five Elders Association still went through with it.

Thus, they fell into the trap meticulously woven by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Regarding the mysterious leakage of information about the Five Element Subworlds the last time, there had been someone within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance harboring a grudge.

The announcement did not reveal this cultivator's name.

He was only referred to as Solitary Hero.

A good friend of Solitary Hero was one of the eight Dao Integration cultivators involved in the pursuit.

With his friend's tragic death, coupled with his sense of responsibility, Solitary Hero vowed to uncover the spy deeply embedded within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters.

After the conclusion of the Tianling Province War, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance initiated an internal investigation program.

Solitary Hero was responsible for this task.

Unfortunately, Immortal Sage Ziqiong's status was too high and was too well hidden.

Even with some suspicions, without substantial evidence, there was no way to take any action against him.

The final outcome had to be left unresolved.

Nevertheless, Solitary Hero did not give up easily.

A bold plan took shape in his mind.

To speak frankly, it was quite simple.

Nothing more than "luring the snake out of its hole."

However, this plan involved too much; a slight oversight could lead to complete failure.

Solitary Hero initially hesitated a bit.

But he ultimately withstood the pressure and slowly laid out the strategy.

Gradually, news that there was a Dao Integration cultivator within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance about to achieve Longevity Immortal started quietly circulating among the higher-ups of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Moreover, many Dao Integration cultivators received invitations to assist and were nowhere to be found.

Naturally, Immortal Sage Ziqiong also got wind of this news.

However, Ziqiong couldn't guarantee the accuracy of the information.

Additionally, having been investigated recently and not completely cleared of suspicion, Ziqiong had no intention of personally risking himself to verify the authenticity of this piece of news.

However, this matter was too significant.

If the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance were to have a new Longevity Immortal...

After much hesitation, Ziqiong still transmitted this information to the Five Elders Association.

However, he let the Five Elders Association verify it themselves.

The Five Elders Association, upon receiving the news, attached great importance to it.

Coincidentally, a sect ruin suddenly appeared near the border of the Jiushan Province, attracting the attention of numerous cultivators.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, the Five Elders Association dispatched a Soul Transformation cultivator to provocatively probe the situation.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's response was quite peculiar.

While issuing tough words, delivering solemn warnings, and threatening to kill any who came, they only dispatched a few Soul Transformation cultivators.

Since when could Soul Transformation cultivators hold the line?

Where were the many Dao Integration cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance at the moment?

It should be noted that without any Dao Integration cultivators, the sole Soul Transformation cultivator Luo Xi would be difficult to stop.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance should be aware of this.

Could it be that after receiving a resounding slap, they would just endure it?

What happened?

The so-called solemn warning.

In the eyes of the Five Elders Association, it was a bluff.

Rather than being intended for the Five Elders Association, it seemed more like it was meant for the internal members of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

To pacify and reassure the people.

It seemed that Immortal Sage Ziqiong's conveyed message was likely true!

Within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, there really was a Dao Integration cultivator who was about to carry out the act of "defying the laws of heaven and earth."

Even multiple divinations and calculations had confirmed the veracity of this matter!

The Five Elders Association suddenly became anxious.

No wonder the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was willing to endure humiliation compared to a newly ascended Longevity Immortal.

Let alone a bit of face, they might even accept losing a few territories.

Once the ascension was successful, all those lost territories would instantly return.

No, it must be stopped!

So, the Five Elders Association suddenly declared war.

Simultaneously, a team consisting of nine Dao Integration cultivators, based on the information provided by Ziqiong, went to Tianyu Province to carry out the mission of disrupting the ascension.

However, everything turned out to be a trap.

...

Li Fan looked puzzled, repeatedly reading the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's arrogant announcement several times.

Finally, he let out a long sigh.

"Without standing at that height, it's impossible to understand the whole picture of what's happening."

"As for what exactly has happened, perhaps only after the conclusion of the matter, looking back on it..."

"Can I learn a thing or two."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 266: Zhong Shentong


Regardless of the circumstances, the plan of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance ultimately succeeded.

Not only did they kill several Dao Integration cultivators from the Five Elders Association, but they also successfully exposed the spy, Immortal Sage Ziqiong.

It was an extremely effective plan in striking back after previous losses.

On the other hand, the Five Elders Association, faced with this bloody reality, could only admit defeat.

The battles in Tianling Province and the ambush in Tianyu Province resulted in each side winning one.

The losses of the Dao Integration powerhouses would take time to slowly recover.

With both the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association suffering, it could be foreseen that a period of extended peace was on the horizon.

For the majority of cultivators, this was a good thing.

As the clouds of war gradually dispersed, Jiao Xiuyuan's Minor Medicine King Cauldron auction, which was postponed due to the war, was finally held at the end of the 23rd year.

Li Fan didn't attend the event.

However, it was said that the results were somewhat unsatisfactory.

In the first batch, a total of four small cauldrons were sold.

The selling prices for each cauldron were generally only around a few hundred thousand contribution points.

Obviously, there were doubts about whether the meteor that fell from the sky was the true Medicine King Cauldron.

Even though Jiao Xiuyuan followed Li Fan's strategy, creating a buzz everywhere, the effect was minimal.

Those cultivators willing to spend a large amount of contribution points to gamble on a prosperous future were, after all, in the minority.

Most cultivators followed the principle of not releasing the eagle without seeing the rabbit.

Despite the unsuccessful start, Jiao Xiuyuan wasn't discouraged.

On the one hand, he still had a considerable inventory.

On the other hand, even if the subsequent small cauldrons were sold at this price, he would still make a stable profit.

"I do business without greed. As long as there's profit, it's good enough."

That's what Jiao Xiuyuan said.

Li Fan just smiled, neither agreeing nor disagreeing.

His attention returned to his original body.

The group of people who had been calmly waiting on the deserted island for more than ten years had already grown into adults.

They were starting to get a bit restless.

Especially Su Xiaomei, who occasionally sneaked by herself.

However, the mysterious disappearance of Ye Feipeng had always been a shadow pressing on their hearts.

This made them reluctant to stray too far from the deserted island, as they feared that they would be detected by the cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Li Fan checked the cultivation levels of several individuals.

Su Xiaomei, Xiao Heng, and Zhang Haobo were all at the Foundation Establishment perfection stage.

However, there seemed to be some distance to the Golden Core stage for all of them.

The Yin sisters had mediocre aptitude in cultivation, only reaching Qi Condensation perfection.

As for Su Changyu, his cultivation progress was the slowest.

He only reached the mid stage Qi Condensation.

But his mentality had always been stable, neither arrogant nor impatient.

As for the unconscious Ye Feipeng...

Li Fan found it a bit unpredictable.

Over the past few years, besides absorbing all the wind disaster energy unconsciously, the chubby guy had almost circled the entire sea area by following the undersea currents beneath the Cong Yun Sea.

During this process, the intensity of the aura on Ye Feipeng's body continued to increase.

In theory, it had already surpassed the limit of Foundation Establishment.

Li Fan estimated that if he erupted with all his strength, an ordinary Golden Core cultivator wouldn't be his opponent.

It seemed like the Cong Yun Sea was using this unique method to "nourish" Ye Feipeng.

Just the quantity of growth had reached a point where it could ignore the gap between Foundation Establishment and Golden Core.

Furthermore, the giant beast phantom that occasionally appeared behind Ye Feipeng seemed to become more vivid and robust during this process.

It continuously swam around him, occasionally emitting a long roar.

It was as if it could come alive at any moment.

Li Fan had a strange premonition.

The awakening of Ye Feipeng was not far away.

So, time passed slowly.

In the blink of an eye, it came to the end of the 24th year.

On this day, Li Fan, who was in seclusion, suddenly received a notification from the Tianxuan Mirror. In Discussing Dao While Seated, Zhang Qianmo finally suffered his first defeat!

"Did that 'I Am Invincible' finally comprehend the method to defeat him?" Li Fan couldn't help but feel a bit excited at the thought.

Opening Discussing Dao While Seated, the result surprised Li Fan.

The one who defeated Zhang Qianmo was not 'I Am Invincible,' but someone else.

A cultivator named Zhong Shentong.

Moreover, this Zhong Shentong was not a virtual creation but a real cultivator existing in the Xuanhuang Realm.

"Zhong Shentong..."

Li Fan felt incredulous.

Li Fan was well aware of Zhang Qianmo's abilities. After revealing his purple core, he could easily slay Golden Core cultivators as if slaughtering chickens and cattle. How did this Zhong Shentong, who was merely at the Foundation Establishment level, defeat Zhang Qianmo?

With this question in mind, Li Fan opened the replay of the battle.

In the void, Zhang Qianmo had a stern expression as he stood with his hands behind his back. Not far away, a white-haired old man in Daoist robes smiled as he looked at him.

"Please enlighten me, Junior!"

As soon as Zhong Shentong finished his polite words, his expression suddenly changed. He pointed with his right hand, and a sea of azure light surged above Zhang Qianmo's head.

Each strand of light resembled extremely sharp flying swords, constantly stabbing towards Zhang Qianmo. Zhang Qianmo snorted, and beside him, the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder appeared, striking down the incoming azure light.

The azure and purple lights intersected, annihilating each other and turning into nothingness.

Zhong Shentong's fingers kept pointing repeatedly.

Blue, purple, crimson, red...

In an instant, various colorful lights emerged continuously, like a never-ending river, with a momentum that never seemed to stop.

The density was so high that Zhang Qianmo could barely defend himself.

What was most terrifying was that these seven-colored lights seemed inexhaustible, and it was unknown whether they were a result of a technique or a spiritual treasure.

It seemed like they didn't require any consumption; after the attack started, there was no sign of weakening. Moreover, the intensity of the light even increased.

Gradually, wounds began to appear on Zhang Qianmo's body.

Although they would quickly heal on their own, Zhang Qianmo still looked quite wretched.

On the other hand, Zhong Shentong seemed relaxed and at ease from beginning to end.

"This Seven-Colored Divine Light is indeed extraordinary."

"Could it be that Zhong Shentong defeated Zhang Qianmo with this?"

Li Fan analyzed while watching.

"No, although the Seven-Colored Divine Light has astonishing destructive power, it is still limited to the same realm. Once Zhang Qianmo reveals his purple core, I'm afraid he can easily resist it..."

Suddenly, Li Fan seemed to realize something, and his expression became serious.

"So that's it..."

He stared at the ongoing battle between Zhang Qianmo and Zhong Shentong.

Wounds appeared on Zhang Qianmo's body like blooming flowers, but in an instant, they were healed by the power surging from within him. As the battle continued, this process repeated.

It seemed like it would never end.

However...

For a Foundation Establishment cultivator, there was a limit to their strength.

Although Zhang Qianmo's total amount of spiritual energy far surpassed an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator, it was still far from being infinite.

When the battle dragged on for a day, two days, three days...

The spiritual energy within him finally began to deplete.

Thus, Zhang Qianmo had to start using the energy stored in the purple core.

When Li Fan cultivated the Karmic Body, he speculated that the purple core in Zhang Qianmo's body was a means used by the Purple Heaven Sect to contain and suppress cultivation.

Now, it seemed to be true.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 267: Slaying Zhang Qianmo


"But..."

Li Fan couldn't help but furrow his brow.

Could it be that Senior Brother Zhang's purple core cannot be activated voluntarily?

Recalling the scene where Senior Brother Zhang's physical body was completely destroyed, only to reappear from the purple core afterward, Li Fan couldn't help but speculate, "Could it be that this special state can only be triggered by death?"

The subsequent battle seemed to confirm Li Fan's speculation.

Zhong Shentong's continuous onslaught with the seven-colored divine light lasted for more than twenty days.

Finally, the energy stored in Zhang Qianmo's purple core was depleted.

After Zhang Qianmo was disintegrated by countless divine lights, there was no scene of the purple core resurrecting him.

"Excuse my impoliteness!"

The old Daoist's face showed a faint smile again.

He bowed toward the direction where his opponent had been reduced to bones.

Then, his figure gradually disappeared.

"So, it was resolved in this way. It's really..."

Li Fan couldn't help but feel speechless.

He didn't expect that Zhang Qianmo would be slowly drained to death.

Senior Brother Zhang's cultivation in the purple core state was almost invincible against Foundation Establishment cultivators.

Thus, it was fine as long as he wasn't allowed to enter the purple core state.

Looking back, the principle was simple.

However, upon careful consideration, Li Fan felt that achieving this was easier said than done.

In Zhang Qianmo's ordinary state, his combat power was already at the peak of Foundation Establishment cultivators.

To suppress him for such a long time without killing him was extremely difficult.

An ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator could never achieve it.

Even an ordinary Golden Core cultivator couldn't easily accomplish this.

Li Fan, at present, naturally couldn't replicate it.

However, he had at least discovered a way to restrain Senior Brother Zhang.

The key was one word: "exhaust."

With a solution in mind, the following tasks would be more manageable.

Li Fan had formidable combat strength not below Senior Brother Zhang's regular state.

He only needed to find a way to engage in prolonged combat and exhaust Zhang Qianmo's spiritual energy in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

The only concern was that each time he entered the Fallen Immortal Realm, there was a time limit.

However, Li Fan already had a solution for this, and only hadn't implemented it out of caution.

This was a good opportunity to see if it worked.

Before entering the Fallen Immortal Realm again, Li Fan first investigated who this Zhong Shentong was.

The result surprised him.

He initially thought this person might be an exceptional genius, gifted with extraordinary talents.

The white hair and childish demeanor might just be a disguise.

Unexpectedly, Zhong Shentong was just an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator.

He was even a bit of a late bloomer.

This person was an ordinary mortal until he was over sixty years old, and only then did he start thinking about cultivation.

Finally, before reaching the end of his life, he successfully stepped into Qi Condensation.

He spent dozens of years in the Qi Condensation stage.

And just as he was about to run out of lifespan, he entered the Foundation Establishment stage.

Normally, such a person, even after becoming a Foundation Establishment cultivator, would have been a nameless existence.

However, this person, surprisingly, comprehended his own innate talent not long ago.

He could summon seven-colored divine light to attack enemies.

The light was as sharp as a blade and was near-unstoppable.

Moreover, he could travel by turning into light, allowing him to escape extremely quickly.

Even Nascent Soul cultivators couldn't compare with his speed.

It was precisely because of the existence of this seven-colored divine light that Zhong Shentong's name gradually became well-known.

"Interesting..."

"According to the current information, Zhong Shentong seems to have comprehended this seven-colored divine light last year, in the middle of the 23rd year."

"Perhaps there is a chance to see how he achieved this."

It was no surprise Li Fan had this idea.

After all, Zhong Shentong's aptitude wasn't particularly high.

If there was an opportunity to snatch this fortuitous encounter, Li Fan wouldn't let it slip by.

After all, the power of this seven-colored divine light was indeed quite formidable.

With this matter in mind, Li Fan began to prepare.

He searched for a method of prolonged combat and found several options.

One was special techniques, and the second was unique Foundation Treasures.

The third was relying on some special spiritual treasures.

The fourth was taking pills.

Naturally, Li Fan chose the cheapest and most effective solution.

"Upper grade Human Treasure: Endless Hatred Branch."

With the Heavenly Treasure in tow, Li Fan quietly left Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

In his usual manner, he found a secluded area beneath the deep sea, and Li Fan began closed-door cultivation.

First, he absorbed the Endless Hatred Branch.

Then, [Truth] transformed into the appearance of the Canghai Pearl and the Endless Hatred Branch at the same time.

Li Fan tried the consumption of spiritual energy.

To his pleasant surprise, with the combined enhancement of these two Foundation Treasures, the recovery speed of spiritual energy within his body was astonishingly fast.

It was as if the water of the sea and the hatred of mankind were inexhaustible and limitless.

With the capital for a prolonged battle, Li Fan was confident.

After contemplating for a moment, he summoned the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit and entered a state of absolute rationality devoid of emotional fluctuations.

Then, he held a ritual.

"Blessings bestowed by the Celestial Sovereign of Xuanhuang!"

After a moment, Li Fan finally entered the Fallen Immortal Realm once again.

"Junior Brother? Junior Brother?"

Amidst the familiar voice of Zhang Qianmo, Li Fan opened his eyes.

He locked eyes with Senior Brother Zhang.

In just a second, the kind and smiling Senior Brother suddenly turned serious, with a murderous intent in his gaze.

However, he didn't immediately take action. Instead, he appeared in the distance in a flash, locking onto Li Fan from afar.

"You're not Junior Brother?"

"Otherworldly Demon? Evil spirit? Or..."

In the state of absolute rationality, Li Fan was only focused on achieving his goal.

Without wasting words with Zhang Qianmo, the outer shell that belonged to Junior Brother Li Chen instantly dissolved, revealing Li Fan's original appearance.

Then, as the Canghai Pearl rotated, he struck out forcefully with a Cong Yun Sword.

Witnessing this horrifying scene, Zhang Qianmo was furious.

"Bold demon, daring to be presumptuous in front of me, Zhang Qianmo of the Purple Heaven Sect!"

Purple Heaven Royal Thunder descended from the sky, about to strike Li Fan.

However, it was met with a Heaven Overturning Palm, and the thunder dissipated to nothing instantly.

Before Zhang Qianmo could react, Li Fan's attacks continued to follow like a tidal wave.

Li Fan meticulously controlled the power of every move and style, minimizing the use of spiritual energy while constantly depleting Zhang Qianmo's strength.

The battle between the two fell into a protracted and tense state.

The fierce fight lasted for more than thirty days, destroying countless ordinary villages and cities along the way.

In the end, Zhang Qianmo was one step ahead of Li Fan but fell into a state of exhaustion.

He was killed by Li Fan with a single sword.

There was no resurrection from his purple core.

Zhang Qianmo was dead.

Li Fan had narrowly won the battle.

However, before he could explore the surrounding areas without the restriction of Zhang Qianmo's supervision, a familiar fluctuation descended.

The duration of the Fallen Immortal Realm had reached its limit.

"It seems that even with the use of the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit, I can't stay in the Fallen Immortal Realm without any limitations."

Thinking so, Li Fan returned to the real world.

Retracting the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit, a strong feeling of exhaustion surged over him.

Thirty-plus days of high-intensity combat was also a considerable mental test.

"Fortunately, the gains were plentiful this time."

"I finally solved the long-standing problem of Zhang Qianmo. Next time, when I enter the Fallen Immortal Realm, I shouldn't be trapped in Ningyuan City again, right?"

"And..."

Li Fan's expression became subtle as he examined the text that inexplicably appeared in his mind.

This should be what he gained from killing Zhang Qianmo.

Although it wasn't the complete "Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique," for Li Fan, it was extremely useful.

It compensated for a major weakness of Li Fan.

"Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Escape."

Similar to the Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique, it was also a secret technique attached to the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder True Technique.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 268: Hidden Danger of Azure Flame


T/N: term change from Venerable Heart Refinement Mantra > Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra

*****

"Intent rides the Purple Heaven, body akin to thunder..."

"What a great escaping technique!"

After thoroughly studying the secret technique "Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Escape," a hint of joy flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

But then he felt a bit regretful, "Unfortunately, without the complement of the Royal Thunder True Intent from the 'Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique,' the speed of the escape technique will be greatly reduced."

"If I use it alone, I estimate it will only reach half the speed of its full potential."

"Nevertheless, even so, it's much faster than the escape techniques commonly sold in the Tianxuan Mirror."

The acquisition of the secret technique after defeating Zhang Qianmo was an unexpected blessing.

According to common sense, there would be no gains from killing someone in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Otherwise, exploring the Fallen Immortal Realm would be too easy: just group up and slaughter.

Such a situation would only arise if the lingering obsession of the slain person was related to being defeated.

"Zhang Qianmo walks the path of undefeated victory?"

Li Fan couldn't help but think so.

"However, without the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit Technique, which allows me to greatly extend my time in the Fallen Immortal Realm..."

"I'm afraid it's almost impossible to exhaust Senior Brother Zhang to death."

Entering the state of absolute rationality with the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit could increase the duration of existence in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

This was inspired by Chen Ying from the Medicine Hall.

Chen Ying needed to refine the Ice Intent Heartless Pill using the Blue Blood Coral to enhance the efficiency of exploring the Fallen Immortal Realm.

After the Blue Blood Coral absorbed a hint of the chilling aura from the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit, the medicinal effect of the Ice Intent Heartless Pill created from it unexpectedly improved significantly.

At that time, Li Fan speculated that activating the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit's special state might replace or even surpass the effect of taking the Ice Intent Heartless Pill.

This trial turned out to be just as expected.

The reason why Li Fan didn't use the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit in his previous explorations of the Fallen Immortal Realm was due to a hidden concern in his heart.

Li Fan had practiced the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra as instinctively as breathing for countless lifetimes of arduous cultivation.

Although he hadn't made any substantial breakthroughs, Li Fan's understanding of his own state of mind far exceeded that of an ordinary cultivator.

This time, Li Fan remained in that special state in the Fallen Immortal Realm for nearly thirty days.

After leaving, amidst his exhaustion, Li Fan also keenly sensed the erosion of that frozen intent on himself.

Ever since he encountered the existence of the Heavenly Doctor and the unknown being lurking in Yuandao Province, Li Fan always held a sense of vigilance towards the powerhouses of this world.

This included the Azure Flame he inexplicably envisioned.

The "Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique," and the advanced version that followed, the "Unholy Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique," belonged to the special summoning series of techniques.

The coldly rational power didn't originate from the technique itself but from the illusionary spirit envisioned.

This was an essential difference.

Hence, this Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit might have a corresponding entity in the real world.

Li Fan naturally couldn't completely trust it.

It was natural that using the power of a Heavenly Spirit had corresponding negative effects.

When used occasionally, it was possible to dissipate the negative effects using the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra.

But if it were indiscriminately abused...

It might gradually alter the mind without one noticing.

This inexplicable erosion during this trial was the best proof.

Moreover, although the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit could significantly increase the duration of existence in the Fallen Immortal Realm, its drawbacks were also extremely obvious.

The Fallen Immortal Realm was a world derived from consciousness.

This method of suppressing consciousness fluctuations to an extremely low level was definitely considered terrifyingly abnormal in the eyes of the natives of the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Zhang Qianmo saw through Li Fan at a glance, clearly demonstrating this point.

It was only suitable for use after determining the final series of actions, and not for ordinary exploration.

Regardless, with the assistance of the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit, Li Fan ultimately managed to deal with the roadblock, Zhang Qianmo.

This made Li Fan, who had been trapped in Ningyuan City, eagerly anticipate his next encounter after re-entering the Fallen Immortal Realm.

After all, the vastness of the Fallen Immortal Realm far surpassed that of the Xuanhuang Realm. If one were constantly trapped in one place and unable to fully explore its mysteries and wonders, wouldn't that be too regrettable?

With the resolution of the event that had been weighing on his mind, Li Fan couldn't help but feel relieved.

Destroying the traces of his retreat under the sea, Li Fan was about to return to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island when he suddenly received a transmission from Zhang Zhiliang.

He was summoned to the Formation Hall.

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan did not delay.

Transforming the "Endless Hatred Branch" in his dantian into the "Seven Apertures Exquisite Heart," he headed straight for the Formation Hall.

Entering the slanted metallic structure, Li Fan, who was familiar with the route, arrived at Zhang Zhiliang's location.

His figure stood tall, seemingly unchanged from before.

However, there was a sense of impending crisis Li Fan had never experienced when facing Zhang Zhiliang before.

"It seems..."

As soon as the thought emerged in his mind, Li Fan suppressed it using the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra.

"Greetings, Master!"

He bowed respectfully, his mind free from distractions.

Zhang Zhiliang looked Li Fan up and down, nodded, and said, "It seems your progress is good. As soon as the opportunity arises, you'll be able to break through to the Golden Core stage."

Changing the subject, he suddenly asked, "You've already received the 'Soul Separation Jade Slip' from me three times."

"How did your recent study go with the last 'Soul Separation Jade Slip'?"

Li Fan truthfully reported the situation.

Zhang Zhiliang then threw a Testing Ball over, indicating for Li Fan to take the test.

As Li Fan's consciousness entered it, a series of difficult formation problems came rushing towards him.

Li Fan answered each one.

Compared to the Testing Ball test given by Zhang Zhiliang in the previous life, the difficulty of this test was clearly much higher.

However, after nearly ten years of uninterrupted formation study, Li Fan was no longer the ignorant person he once was.

After the test ended, Zhang Zhiliang looked at the bright spots on the Testing Ball and finally showed a hint of satisfaction.

"Not bad."

"Although there's room for improvement, your foundation is very solid."

"It's evident that you've put in a lot of effort in the study of formations."

Li Fan replied humbly, "Master, you're too kind. I know I am stupid, so in order not to fall behind, I can only work harder to make up for it."

Zhang Zhiliang smiled and said, "In just a few short years, you've been able to study the art of formations that I have taught to such an extent. Your talent is not bad!"

"There is no need to belittle yourself!"

Zhang Zhiliang concluded.

Of course, if he knew the actual amount of time Li Fan had spent studying, he would definitely think differently.

But fortunately, he didn't know.

"Good talent, diligent, and selfless."

Zhang Zhiliang looked at Li Fan again and said, "Two years later, there will be a closed training session in Tianyu Province for young formation talents from various provinces of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"Our Cong Yun Sea has three spots."

"I intend to give one of them to you."

"Are you willing to go?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 269: Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation


Li Fan didn't hesitate at all, showing an extremely surprised expression on his face and eagerly saying, "Junior is willing to go!"

Li Fan's reaction did not exceed Zhang Zhiliang's expectations.

He nodded and explained, "The purpose of this training is to allow the younger generation to quickly master the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation."

"The goal is to cover every area of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance within the range of the Spirit Lock Formation by 30 years."

Li Fan's expression changed slightly, "Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation? Is that the formation in the Jiushan Province which was capable of marking all the Five Elders Association cultivators with pillars of light?"

Zhang Zhiliang was quite satisfied with Li Fan's quick response and nodded, "Exactly. The Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was jointly developed by many formation masters after the battle in Tianling Province, by studying the captured cultivators of the Five Elders Association."

"The Five Elders Association's cultivators?" Li Fan was somewhat puzzled.

"May I ask, Master, why does this formation research require a study on cultivators?"

Zhang Zhiliang was quite patient with Li Fan and explained, "Do you know the difference between the Five Elders Association and our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?"

Li Fan replied, "Our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is a free alliance. With their own efforts, by accumulating contribution points, cultivators can redeem cultivation techniques."

"While the Five Elders Association..."

"Although they can obtain martial arts techniques for free, they need to sign a contract of servitude."

"A lifetime of being subject to others. It's not as good as our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's freedom."

"To be honest, Master, when I was a wanderer before, I once considered which side to join."

"After comparing the conditions of both sides, I chose to join our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance without hesitation."

Li Fan spoke with great righteousness.

Zhang Zhiliang smiled slightly, not commenting on Li Fan's loyal statement.

Continuing, he said, "Yes, every cultivator who joins the Five Elders Association will sign a 'Soul Contract.'"

"Their soul is naturally different from ordinary cultivators."

"A long time ago, we had the idea of distinguishing between enemies and ourselves based on this difference."

"However, due to insufficient research specimens, it has never succeeded."

"In the recent battle at Tianling Province, although overall we were at a disadvantage, we didn't come away empty-handed either."

"This Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is one of the results of the war."

Zhang Zhiliang seemed to recall something; his expression became inexplicable, and his tone also became somewhat desolate.

However, he quickly returned to normal and continued, "Within the coverage of the formation, it can detect the soul anomalies caused by the 'Soul Contract' and thus distinguish between enemies and ourselves."

"The marking goes straight to the soul and cannot be unraveled by non-Dao Integration cultivators."

"The successful development of this formation is of great significance."

"At the very least, once it is popularized, ordinary spies will no longer be able to hide."

"And those pillars of light that pierce through the heavens and earth also eliminate the possibility of sneak attacks by the Five Elders Association."

Zhang Zhiliang spoke confidently, with a hint of pride on his face.

"However, this formation involves the souls of cultivators, making it difficult and obscure."

"Ordinary formation masters are completely incapable of constructing it."

"In order to quickly deploy the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, it is necessary to train a group of experts in this field."

"The purpose of the training in Tianyu Province two years later is for this reason."

"The reason for the two-year delay is also because of the involvement of souls."

"Not only do the organizers need to collect various materials, but the young talents participating also need to be adequately prepared."

As he spoke, Zhang Zhiliang threw over a storage ring.

Li Fan took the ring and looked inside, his brows furrowing slightly.

Because inside the storage ring lay a corpse.

Apart from the corpse, there was nothing else.

What was even more peculiar was that the body of the corpse was no different from an ordinary cultivator.

Even the attire was identical to that of a normal cultivator.

The only chilling and astonishing aspect was that the head of the corpse belonged not to a human, but to a horse!

"This is..."

"This is the legendary 'Intent Horse.' It's quite precious, and I haven't received much, so be sure not to lose it." Zhang Zhiliang's voice came slowly.

"Intent Horse?" Li Fan's heart moved.

"I know about the 'Heart Monkey,' which can enhance and quickly replenish spiritual energy. I wonder what use this 'Intent Horse' has?" Li Fan asked in confusion.

"The Heart Monkey strengthens the spiritual energy, while the Intent Horse strengthens the soul," Zhang Zhiliang said slowly.

"As for how it strengthens..."

A mysterious smile suddenly appeared on Zhang Zhiliang's face.

"You'll know once you try it yourself."

Li Fan nodded, indicating his understanding.

"At the beginning of the closed training, there will be an assessment of the talents from the various provinces. You need to work harder in these two years."

"When the time comes, don't disgrace our Cong Yun Sea."

Zhang Zhiliang admonished, then handed three Soul Separation Jade Slips to Li Fan.

"You have a total of six Soul Separation Jade Slips. If you can read them all, it means you can graduate."

"I don't expect you to achieve that in these two years. But I'll give them to you first as an encouragement."

Li Fan bowed and thanked him, accepting the jade slips.

"You may go now. Prepare well! I will notify you again before the training officially begins."

Zhang Zhiliang waved his hand.

Back in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan first searched for information on the 'Intent Horse.'

There were very few results, and no useful information was found.

It seems like something that ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivators wouldn't be able to know about.

After all, even Zhang Zhiliang said it was precious, indicating its high value.

"It seems I must try it myself..."

Li Fan's eyes flickered as he released the horse-faced corpse from the ring.

"How do I try it?"

Li Fan first observed quietly for a moment, but nothing unusual happened.

After pondering for a moment, he then touched it with his hand.

...

After a long time, it seemed that nothing had changed.

It was as if the figure in front of him was just an ordinary, albeit strangely shaped, corpse.

"Strange..."

After a while, Li Fan still couldn't figure out how to use the 'Intent Horse.'

With doubts in his mind, he couldn't help but subconsciously touch his chin.

When Li Fan's hand touched his own chin, his body suddenly stiffened.

His heart stopped.

"Could it be..."

Li Fan summoned a mirror to observe his own face.

"..."

"As expected."

Although he was mentally prepared, when he saw his horse-faced self in the mirror, Li Fan still felt a chill.

"Could it be that this 'Intent Horse' in front of me came about like this?"

In an instant, an uncontrollable thought emerged in Li Fan's mind.

"So, how did it die?"

Li Fan's gaze involuntarily fell on the Intent Horse corpse lying quietly on the ground.

There was not a single scratch on its body.

As he looked at it, a sudden chill arose in Li Fan's heart.

Because he suddenly noticed that this Intent Horse corpse lying on the ground had undergone an inexplicable change at some point.

Its attire became unmistakably identical to Li Fan in every way.

"No... Not just the clothing."

Li Fan's heart sank.

The entire Intent Horse corpse, silently and imperceptibly, became identical to Li Fan.

"Is this corpse... my fate soon?"

A thought suddenly emerged.

"Will I... die?"

Fear descended in an instant.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 270: Intent Horse’s Danger


"Thump! Thump!"

Li Fan's heart began to beat uncontrollably as if he had witnessed his own tragic death moments away.

Instinctively, Li Fan was about to silently chant [Truth] in his heart to return to the anchor point.

However, in the blink of an eye, he felt something was amiss and forcibly stopped himself.

The Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra slowly shattered the fear that continuously surged in his heart, turning it into mental nourishment while also providing Li Fan with a precious moment of calm reflection.

"Could it be that Zhang Zhiliang has discovered something and intends to harm me through this method?"

"No... he should have already advanced to the Soul Transformation stage. There's no need for such elaborate schemes against a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator like me."

"He could have just attacked directly."

"So, the reason for this strange premonition is the effect of the Intent Horse itself?"

As he thought so, Li Fan suddenly felt a trance-like sensation.

His hair stood on end as if someone was staring at him.

Startled, Li Fan immediately turned around.

He saw Zhang Zhiliang gazing at him, wearing an indescribable smile.

Li Fan instinctively retreated, his spiritual energy surged, and the Cong Yun Sword was about to be unleashed.

But in the blink of an eye, Zhang Zhiliang's figure disappeared.

Li Fan was momentarily stunned, then realized he was still inside the Tianxuan Mirror.

Even beings like the Heavenly Doctor would cause quite a stir if they tried to intrude forcefully.

How could Zhang Zhiliang sneak in so quietly?

"An illusion?"

Li Fan turned to look at the Intent Horse corpse on the ground and immediately noticed something unusual, furrowing his brows.

The Intent Horse corpse had inexplicably changed its posture without him noticing.

"Is it dead or alive?" Li Fan couldn't help but question.

Fear surged in his heart once again, echoing for a long time.

His body felt chilly.

"This Intent Horse is a bit strange."

"However, I have [Truth]. No matter how dangerous it is, it can't harm my life..."

Thinking of this, Li Fan felt slightly relieved.

Strangely enough, when he thought so, the inexplicable sense of fear in his heart suddenly receded like a tide.

"Interesting..."

Li Fan's eyes flickered.

However, he still possessed a horse face, indicating that the situation was not over yet.

Seizing this opportunity, Li Fan's mind raced as he considered countermeasures.

However, before Li Fan could think of anything, the situation changed once again.

The sound of an arrow piercing through the air suddenly came.

This was followed by the dull sound of it piercing flesh.

Li Fan followed the sound and saw an arrow coming from nowhere.

It hit the left arm of the Intent Horse corpse directly.

Just as Li Fan was about to pull out the arrow to see if it was real or not, a sudden intense pain struck.

Coincidentally, the pain also came from his left arm.

Li Fan scanned with his spiritual consciousness, his face immediately darkening.

The same position, the same wound!

Even when Li Fan tried to use his spiritual energy, he couldn't heal the wound.

He bought a healing pill from the Tianxuan Mirror and swallowed it, but it still had no effect.

The wound remained.

"This..."

"Is it real or fake?"

Li Fan sensed the burning pain on his arm, which felt undoubtedly real.

"So, does everything that happens on the Intent Horse reflect on me?"

"If..."

Li Fan's thoughts didn't continue, and he forcefully activated the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra to clear his mind.

Ignoring the pain in his body, he continued to think about countermeasures.

"In theory, Zhang Zhiliang has no reason to toy with me. This Intent Horse is indeed a treasure that can enhance the soul."

"So, I can deduce that the strange scenes that just happened felt so real because they bypassed my senses and directly affected my soul?"

"It's beyond ordinary illusions, and directly targets the soul..."

As Li Fan contemplated, a sharp sword suddenly appeared.

With a cold gleam, it severed the index finger of the Intent Horse's right hand.

The intense pain made Li Fan involuntarily suck in a breath of cold air.

Looking at his right hand, the index finger was indeed missing.

It was continuously bleeding.

Li Fan placed his mutilated right hand in front of his eyes, carefully observing.

"Is it real..."

"Or fake?"

Logic told Li Fan that everything happening to him was just the effect of the Intent Horse on his soul. It was all illusory.

But the constant burning pain made Li Fan doubt his own judgment.

"If all of this is just an illusion, then it doesn't matter."

"But what if I'm wrong, and these wounds are real?"

"If I continue to sit back and watch it happen, am I waiting to die?"

A thought emerged involuntarily.

"To determine if it's real or fake, why not ask others to verify?"

With that thought, Li Fan left the Tianxuan Mirror.

When he, with a horse face, wandered in front of other cultivators without attracting any strange looks, Li Fan finally confirmed that it was indeed an illusion brought about by the Intent Horse.

But...

"Hiss!"

Li Fan touched his chest, where another deep wound appeared.

While he was verifying the illusion outside, a total of eight wounds appeared on Li Fan's body.

"The speed of occurrence is getting faster, and the wounds are getting larger."

"Even if I know these are all illusions, at this intensity..."

"It doesn't matter whether they're real or fake anymore."

"If this continues to develop, could I really die?"

Before transmigrating, Li Fan had heard of a certain punishment.

A prisoner would be blindfolded and his arms would be slashed with a knife.

Then, mimic the sound of blood dripping with water drops while continuously whispering about blood loss to them.

Although the wound on the arm had long since coagulated and wouldn't lose much blood, under constant psychological suggestion from oneself and others, some prisoners would truly believe that they were losing too much blood and eventually die.

When they believed they were dead, they would die.

Li Fan guessed that the effect of the Intent Horse was similar because the illusion had reached a point where it was almost indistinguishable from reality.

If he didn't do anything and just waited for the situation to continue to develop, when the Intent Horse's body received fatal injuries such as an exploding head, Li Fan would also likely be affected by the synchronous injuries and truly believe that he was severely wounded.

Then, he would inexplicably die.

This was the influence of self-cognition on the body.

And to avoid this...

Li Fan opened the [Truth] panel.

He stared closely at the charging progress.

"As long as the automatic protection of [Truth] is not triggered, no matter how real the sensation is, there is no danger to my life."

With that thought, Li Fan felt much more at ease.

The fear in his heart gradually dissipated.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 271: Treasure to Enhance the Soul


The automatic protection of [Truth] was like a heavy anchor, firmly anchoring Li Fan above the ocean of his thoughts.

This prevented him from being swayed by the extremely realistic illusions, preventing them from affecting his physical body through his thoughts.

However, Li Fan did not relax his vigilance.

He stared fixedly at the recharge progress of [Truth].

Once the progress dropped, Li Fan planned to activate [Truth] immediately and return to his anchor point.

In this way, Li Fan, who was mentally prepared, quietly awaited the changes that the Intent Horse would bring next.

The speed at which the wounds appeared became faster and faster.

But Li Fan remained steadfast.

Regardless of how many wounds appeared on his body, even as he grew weaker due to severe injuries, he simply watched the charging progress in front of him without any reaction.

After a long time, seemingly because these injuries couldn't intimidate Li Fan, a new change occurred.

A flame ignited from the Intent Horse's corpse.

At the same time, Li Fan felt an unbearable heat descending upon him.

"Ah..."

He couldn't help but let out a low groan.

He even saw his body slowly turning to ashes in the flames.

"It's fake, all fake..."

The charging progress of [Truth] remained unmoved.

This indicated that there was no mortal danger.

Everything was just an extremely realistic illusion.

Li Fan firmly believed in his heart.

The blazing flames continued to flicker.

Li Fan struggled in unbearable pain and torment.

After an unknown period, the long agony gradually subsided.

After the Intent Horse's corpse on the ground was completely burned to ashes, the illusions entwining Li Fan finally disappeared.

As he reassessed himself in the mirror, he had returned to his original human appearance.

Furthermore, Li Fan felt that he seemed to have become stronger.

Not in terms of physical body or cultivation level, but in terms of soul.

Li Fan carefully pondered his own changes.

"If spiritual consciousness is compared to a person's muscles, then spiritual consciousness can be continuously strengthened through training. and cultivation techniques"

"However, the soul is like a person's skeleton and is predetermined from birth. Only special methods, such as breakthroughs in cultivation realms and the effects of certain Heavenly Treasures, can strengthen it."

"Ordinary methods simply cannot affect it."

"And now, I feel like my 'skeleton' has visibly grown larger."

Li Fan hadn't felt this sense of becoming stronger in a long time.

Even the feeling brought about by advancing one small realm in cultivation couldn't compare.

If there was a comparison to be made, it would only be comparable to the feeling of successfully entering the Qi Condensation or Foundation Establishment stage, a major realm advancement.

After some experimentation, Li Fan found that although his cultivation level hadn't improved, the intensity of his spiritual consciousness had been affected, experiencing a significant increase.

Furthermore, his thought processing speed seemed to have become smoother.

"The Intent Horse is indeed a good treasure!"

"Although the way it achieves its effects is a bit strange, the results are really good."

The fear in his heart had disappeared, replaced by an inevitable greed.

"Heart Monkey, Intent Horse."

"If the Heart Monkey is transformed from a cultivator, then it seems that this Intent Horse should also be formed by a cultivator."

Recalling the completely identical Intent Horse corpse from earlier, a guess surged in Li Fan's mind.

"I have [Truth] to help me cheat, so I was able to pass through the effects of the Intent Horse so easily."

"But if one's will is not so firm, and they truly die..."

"I'm afraid the previous Intent Horse met its end this way."

"So, Zhang Zhiliang's intention is also very clear."

"It's both a reward and a test."

"If one can't even pass the test of the Intent Horse, it means they're not qualified to represent the Cong Yun Sea in Tianyu Province, nor inherit his, unique skills. If you die, then so be it."

"Tsk tsk, after advancing to the Soul Transformation stage, Zhang Zhiliang's mindset is really quite different from before."

"Back then, even when I was just at the Qi Condensation stage, I received his special care and was granted the Infinite Formation."

"Now..."

Thinking of this, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a bit emotional.

He then sent a report message to Zhang Zhiliang.

Zhang Zhiliang was a bit surprised that Li Fan was able to digest the Intent Horse so quickly.

"Hmm? It seems your willpower is even stronger than I imagined."

"Very well! Among the three, you are the first to achieve it."

"Here's your reward!"

With that, Zhang Zhiliang sent an object through the Tianxuan Mirror.

This object was a white glowing cube: the formation crown that Li Fan had coveted for a long time.

Upon receiving it, Li Fan couldn't help but feel pleasantly surprised.

He exclaimed repeatedly, "Many thanks for your kindness, Master."

"This formation crown is for you. Inside, there are a total of over a hundred different formations superimposed. In your spare time, you can disassemble and study it."

"If you can construct a thirty-layer formation crown on your own, you can be considered a Formation Master."

Zhang Zhiliang instructed.

"The enhancement effect of the Intent Horse on the soul is not just temporary. For a long time, it will have a certain nourishing effect on the soul."

"During this time, it's best for you to cultivate diligently and avoid conflicts with others."

"Maximize its effect."

"Hehe, perhaps you've also realized that the Intent Horse was once a cultivator in its lifetime."

"And the one I gave you was a Golden Core cultivator in life."

"If you can fully absorb its effects, doubling the strength of your soul shouldn't be a problem."

Li Fan hadn't expected this additional benefit and quickly expressed his gratitude to Zhang Zhiliang again.

Zhang Zhiliang, however, hung up the communication without any further response.

"A Golden Core cultivator..."

"One can't escape the fate of becoming someone else's nourishment even after dying." Li Fan shook his head inwardly.

Li Fan suddenly remembered the human-faced Taian Fruits he had seen on Taian Island.

"At that time, the human-faced fruits seemed to only affect mortals on the island. If a cultivator were turned into a human-faced fruit, would a fruit with a stronger effect appear?"

"Whether it's Taian Fruits, Heart Monkeys, or Intent Horses..."

"I wonder if there's any connection between them."

Li Fan felt that there seemed to be some kind of secret hidden in all of this, giving him a strange feeling.

It felt out of place, yet somewhat familiar.

After pondering for a while, the blue crystal in his mind continuously flickered, and scenes of past experiences appeared before his eyes.

Li Fan finally realized where this sense of familiarity came from.

"Sect ruins, anomalies?"

Li Fan pondered for a moment, somewhat uncertain.

However, this contradicted the current rules of cultivation, was completely unreasonable, and seemed to have its own system of laws, yet was all connected.

"It is said that anomalies only exist within ancient sect ruins."

"If the two are really related, what does that imply?"

Li Fan was suddenly reminded of the time after the ox had pulled the Master to the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

He was summoned to the Heavenly Secrets Hall for investigation.

In front of the huge map of the Cong Yun Sea, the frail cultivator had said.

"One more case?"

Li Fan vaguely guessed something.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 272: A Startling Change


"Anomalies likely exist outside ancient sect ruins as well."

Li Fan made the most reasonable inference.

"Throughout the Xuanhuang Realm, there have been scattered incidents of anomalous attacks on people."

"The human-faced fruits, Heart Monkeys, and Intent Horses may all be products of these anomalies."

Judging by the Heavenly Secrets Hall's behavior, it seemed that anomalies were kept under strict surveillance at all times.

Presumably, the same was true for the Five Elders Association.

...

Li Fan thought for a moment, shaking his head inwardly, "It's good to know about this, but it's not my concern as a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator."

"Compared to anomalies, the powerful figures of the Xuanhuang Realm are even more frightening."

The association of the Intent Horse to the possible existence of anomalies in the Xuanhuang Realm was just a minor incident.

Soon, Li Fan put it behind him.

Following Zhang Zhiliang's instructions, while cultivating quietly in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan absorbed the power of the Intent Horse, strengthening his own soul.

Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, half a year had passed.

At the bottom of the Cong Yun Sea, Ye Feipeng, who had been sleeping all this time, finally began to slowly awaken.

A loud and distant whale cry echoed from the depths of the sea.

It continuously spread to the surrounding sea areas.

Countless marine creatures, upon hearing this sound, trembled as if they had encountered a natural enemy, shivering and unable to move, instantly losing their resistance.

Above Ye Feipeng's head, the phantom of a whale monster appeared along with the sound.

The monster opened its huge mouth, as if starving for a long time, and suddenly sucked in.

A huge vortex was thus created.

The surging seawater, along with countless unfortunate marine creatures, was swallowed into the monster's mouth.

After a long time like this, the whale finally felt full after swallowing a vast amount of seawater.

Letting out a satisfied high-pitched cry, it raised its huge tail high and suddenly slapped downwards.

The giant whale then re-entered Ye Feipeng's body.

After that, Ye Feipeng's eyes twitched slightly, gradually waking up.

First, he froze in place, looking around at the environment he was in, feeling a bit bewildered.

Gradually, scenes flashed in his mind one after another.

He gradually became aware of what had happened to him before he fell into a coma and during the coma.

Subconsciously, Ye Feipeng touched his belly and muttered to himself, "I'm truly a fortuitous man with a heavenly destiny. Not only did I survive a great calamity, but I also awakened the bloodline of the ancient beast Kun Peng."

His gaze flashed, looking towards a huge rock not far away on the seabed.

With a slight movement, he appeared next to the huge rock in an instant.

Without mobilizing the spiritual power within his body, relying solely on the strength of his physical body, he casually threw out a punch.

"Boom!"

Cracks appeared on the giant rock, and after a moment, the rock shattered.

"The power of Kun, the speed of Peng..."

Ye Feipeng stared at his own fist in amazement, seemingly unable to believe it.

"The power of the ancient beast is truly terrifying. Now, with just the power I can erupt from my own body, I should be able to compete evenly with my past self before my coma..."

Immediately after, Ye Feipeng frowned, "But I am a direct descendant of the Ye family. How could there be this so-called power of ancient beasts within my body?"

"Could it be that my family's ancestors were not human?"

Even though the power hidden within this bloodline brought him unspeakable benefits, Ye Feipeng found it difficult to accept for a while.

A hint of blue light suddenly appeared in his eyes as Ye Feipeng examined some vague memories that came along with the power of the bloodline.

"Rescuing a severely injured Kun Peng and escaping..."

"So that's how it is."

After a long time, Ye Feipeng breathed a sigh of relief.

According to the memories passed down by the bloodline, many, many years ago, his ancestors had coincidentally saved a severely injured Kun Peng.

At that time, for some reason, all the demonic beasts in the world were fleeing in panic.

Out of kindness, his ancestors concealed the Kun Peng from everyone and chose to take good care of it.

After the Kun Peng recovered from its injuries, before leaving, it gave a drop of Kun Peng Essence Blood to his ancestors as a token of gratitude.

"No wonder most of my family ancestors were robust and powerful, endowed with immense strength. It turns out to be the effect of this Kun Peng Essence Blood."

"Unfortunately, they were only passively borrowing the power of the blood essence. They failed to truly tap into its potential."

"Finally, with the help of the Canghai Pearl, I can fully unleash its effects."

After experiencing a life-and-death calamity, Ye Feipeng became much calmer.

If he had suddenly gained such good fortune before, he would certainly have been overjoyed.

Now, he had a calm expression, testing the inheritance of the Kun Peng Essence Blood.

"At present, the inheritance I have mainly consists of three aspects."

"Kun Devouring, Peng Soaring, and Kun Peng Transformation."

"Kun Devouring can swallow all substances between heaven and earth, transforming them into nourishment to strengthen me."

"Peng Soaring allows me to soar upwards thousands of miles in an instant. Its speed is as fast as any escape technique."

"Kun Peng Transformation bestows the power of the bloodline upon my body. My human form will revert to its ancestral form, and Kun Peng will reappear."

A glint of brilliance flashed in Ye Feipeng's eyes.

With a single thought, his originally somewhat obese body swelled another round.

Behind him were two bulging masses on his back, rising high.

With the initial transformation, Ye Feipeng seemed to be in some pain.

His face twisted in agony, veins like gnarled dragons constantly roaming beneath his skin.

"Ah!"

With a furious roar, two brown feathered wings extended from behind Ye Feipeng.

At the center of his eyebrows, a soaring Kun Peng image simultaneously appeared.

The transformation consumed a tremendous amount of energy, and the fatty gasped heavily as he recovered.

After resting for a moment, he stood up proudly.

The wings on his back flickered slightly.

His figure turned into a thin line, and in the blink of an eye, Ye Feipeng appeared more than ten miles away.

It was several times faster than the speed he had always been proud of!

"Kun Peng rides the wind and swims ten thousand miles in a day."

"I can still be faster!"

Ye Feipeng's heart moved, and the Green Wind True Intent within his dantian surged instantly.

Around the brown wings, faint traces of green light appeared.

After another test, Ye Feipeng found that the Green Wind and Kun Peng transformation synergized: their combined effect was greater than the sum of its parts.

His flight speed doubled more than twice!

"Speed is strength! With my speed and the strengthened flesh enhanced by the Kun Peng Essence Blood, ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivators wouldn't be able to withstand my blows..."

Thinking like this, Ye Feipeng erupted with all his speed and rushed towards an underwater mountain range below.

A streak of light flashed by, and the mountains collapsed.

He stirred up turbid seawater currents.

Unsatisfied, Ye Feipeng continued his momentum and rushed towards the distance.

A deep and long trench was carved out on the seabed.

Only after his strength was exhausted did he finally stop his destructive behavior.

Opening his large mouth wide, he swallowed the surrounding seawater once again.

Not long after, Ye Feipeng became lively and energetic again.

"If I had this speed back then, I wouldn't have been caught by Zhang Zhiliang."

He sighed inwardly.

Recalling the scene back then, the fatty's complexion couldn't help but darken.

*****

T/N: a Kun Peng is basically a whale that can transform into a bird. Roughly, Kun translates to whale, and Peng translates to bird, except their corresponding Chinese mythical variants.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 273: Feipeng’s First Wings


"Hmph, Zhang Zhiliang."

"I'll settle the score with you sooner or later."

A hint of ferocity and scorn flashed in Ye Feipeng's eyes.

"In this world, there are many variables, and there might be some differences from my past life."

"But I'm certain that Zhang Zhiliang will never give up the opportunity to hunt the Heavenly Spirit."

"After advancing to Soul Transformation and gaining the strength to officially participate in the competition, his desire to integrate the Dao should be even stronger."

The fatty secretly analyzed.

"If in the past life, he was merely an auxiliary support as a Formation Master."

"Then in this life, Zhang Zhiliang has become part of the main combat force."

"Hmm... if possible, he might even hide his strength secretly. He'll wait and watch as the Soul Transformation cultivators and Crimson Flame fight."

"After waiting until both sides are weakened, he'll strike and reap the benefits."

"He might even reserve some strength to guard against me since I escaped from his grasp..."

Ye Feipeng's expression changed.

To be honest, he was still somewhat hesitant about whether to participate in the upcoming appearance of the Crimson Flame.

After all, now that he had awakened the Kun Peng heritage and possessed both the Canghai Pearl and the Green Wind True Intent, he was far stronger than most cultivators.

Even if he gave up the opportunity to reach Dao Integration through the Crimson Flame and only relied on his own cultivation, there was a high probability that he could still cultivate to Nascent Soul or Soul Transformation.

Why take such a big risk and choose to snatch food from the tiger's mouth in front of a group of Soul Transformation cultivators??

If he succeeded, it would be fine, but if he failed...

Ye Feipeng's face twitched.

"But... it's Dao Integration after all."

"If I miss this opportunity, there might never be such a good chance again."

He couldn't help but think so.

The scene of Zhang Haobo's overwhelming presence, overlooking all beings after he integrated with the Dao in his previous life, appeared in his mind again.

Ye Feipeng couldn't help but feel tempted again.

"The Canghai Pearl..."

Subconsciously touching his belly, the fatty's face was tangled.

"Let's see, let's see..."

"Let's go back to the deserted island first and see how Xiao Heng and the others are doing."

Retracting his wings behind him, Ye Feipeng quietly returned to where the others were.

The fatty, who had been missing for several years, appeared again, much to the delight of Xiao Heng and the others.

After some inquiries, they learned that it was indeed the work of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and everyone cursed angrily.

Su Changyu, however, frowned and asked, "Feipeng, did you expose your identity as part of the Immortal Revival Organization? Otherwise, why would others bother a casual cultivator like you for no reason?"

Ye Feipeng was first stunned, then immediately complained, "It's just that the Formation Master of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was too domineering. I just took a glance at him when he was advancing, and he immediately wanted to kill me without saying a word."

"If I hadn't run fast, I would never have seen you again."

Su Changyu glanced at the fatty, nodded, and didn't say much more.

"It seems that Senior Skull was right. The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is indeed arrogant and overbearing. They won't even allow others to watch from a distance."

The fatty's words matched Xiao Heng's impression of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, so he believed Ye Feipeng's words.

The childish Su Xiaomei didn't have much goodwill towards Ye Feipeng.

She chuckled and said, "It's okay, fatty. You just obediently call me big sister, and I'll avenge you in the future!"

"You've been sleeping for so long, you may not know that I've already reached the Foundation Establishment stage and will soon form my Golden Core."

Su Xiaomei put her hands on her hips and looked up at Ye Feipeng, full of pride.

Yin Yueting and Yin Yuzhen stood behind her, nodding incessantly, looking like a pair of loyal followers.

As for Zhang Haobo, he stood aside, silently watching everyone without saying a word.

"Big sister?"

Ye Feipeng sneered, "Su Xiaomei, do you think you're the only one who has made progress in these years?"

"Shall we spar?"

Su Xiaomei, who had a hot temper, was instantly enraged by Ye Feipeng's disdainful attitude.

"Let's fight! Who's afraid of whom!"

Before the words fell, a petite but explosively powerful fist whistled towards Ye Feipeng's face.

"Bang!"

To everyone's surprise, Ye Feipeng calmly extended his arms and firmly intercepted the fist.

Seeing this, everyone was shocked.

Their impression of Ye Feipeng still lingered from years ago when he relied on his speed and agile movements to win.

But in just a few short years, he was actually able to go head-to-head with Su Xiaomei!

Seeing her attack easily blocked, Su Xiaomei suddenly became enraged.

Her fists and feet were like the wind, continuously assaulting Ye Feipeng.

With her innate talent, as her anger accumulated, the power of each move continued to grow.

However, her face remained unusually calm.

On the other hand, Ye Feipeng, while entangled with Su Xiaomei, occasionally remembered scenes from the past that made him feel humiliated.

Anger surged in his heart.

Although he knew this was the effect of Su Xiaomei's cultivated technique, "Six Desires without Form," Ye Feipeng didn't mind at the moment.

He planned to teach this little brat a lesson.

Amidst the exclamations of the onlookers, Ye Feipeng activated "Kun Peng Transformation."

Two brown wings suddenly spread out, and his body instantly expanded by a circle.

His speed and strength nearly doubled. Su Xiaomei was taken by surprise, and blown away by a punch and sent flying, crashing heavily into the sea.

"Xiaomei!"

Xiao Heng exclaimed.

However, before he could rush into the sea to find Su Xiaomei...

A red fire parted the seawater.

In an instant, it struck Ye Feipeng again.

The extremely hot energy erupted, distorting even the air.

The onlookers involuntarily stepped back.

"Looks like Xiaomei even used her Foundation Establishment wonder, 'Fury Spirit Fire.' She's really angry." Yin Yuzhen stuck out her tongue and whispered softly.

Amidst the sea of fire, explosions continued to erupt.

Faintly, the crowd could see strands of green light blocking the red flames.

The battle between the two lasted for half a day.

Their cultivations were evenly matched.

One had extraordinary talent, becoming stronger with anger. With a maximum eightfold power increase, she was extremely formidable.

The other had encountered numerous fortuitous encounters, possessing the dual Foundation Treasures Green Wind True Intent and the Canghai Pearl. With the Kun Peng bloodline inheritance and its techniques, his speed and strength were no less than Su Xiaomei's.

For a while, the two fought fiercely, neither able to gain the upper hand.

It wasn't until nightfall that, under the persuasion of the onlookers, they stopped fighting.

Both were still dissatisfied, agreeing to fight again another day.

Xiao Heng also approached, full of curiosity, asking Ye Feipeng what had happened and how he had suddenly become so strong.

Surrounded by everyone's astonished and envious eyes, Ye Feipeng couldn't help but feel a little proud.

"Indeed, returning home with wealth and honor brings great pride," he secretly thought.

The manifestation of his bloodline power was so obvious that there was nothing to hide.

So, he immediately revealed the fact that he had awakened and inherited the Kun Peng Essence Blood.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 274: Ningyuan’s Mysteries


After listening to Ye Feipeng's story, everyone couldn't help but marvel.

From time to time, they glanced at the deep brown wings behind him, with a hint of envy in their eyes.

Meanwhile, thousands of miles away, Li Fan, who witnessed everything, had a thoughtful expression on his face.

"Kun Peng Essence Blood?"

"Just a drop of essence blood passed down through the bloodline, can still cause such earth-shaking changes in a person's body, even after thousands of years have passed."

Li Fan, who had already achieved a small degree of success in Creation Forge Art, understood very well what kind of great power this was.

"How powerful were the Kun Pengs at their peak?"

"Not to mention, there are many other demonic beasts that were as fierce or even more fierce than the Kun Peng."

"Nowadays, not a single one can be seen."

"What exactly happened back then..."

Li Fan couldn't help but feel a pang of emotion.

"I wonder how the blood of demonic beasts strengthens the physical body. How is it different from the 'Creation Forge Art' that mobilizes the body's hidden potential?"

"Perhaps there is a chance to learn."

Thinking back to Ye Feipeng's astonishing speed and strength just now, Li Fan couldn't help but ponder.

"It seems that the little fatty seems to have not given up on the idea of competing for the Heavenly Spirit. I wonder who will succeed between him and Zhang Zhiliang. Although Zhang Zhiliang's cultivation level is far above Ye Feipeng's, I have a faint feeling that the fatty has a slightly greater chance..."

"Let's see what surprises he will bring when he forms his Golden Core."

With a flickering gaze, Li Fan's thoughts gradually calmed down.

He then played with the white glowing cube in his hand.

This object was the formation crown given to him by Zhang Zhiliang earlier.

In the past six months of continuous exploration, Li Fan had completely mastered the initial twenty formations.

After failing dozens of times, he finally succeeded in building a miniature formation crown based on these twenty formations.

Although he wasted many precious materials, and the power of this formation crown was not comparable to Zhang Zhiliang's formation crown with a hundred layers of formations, it was still a good start.

It meant that Li Fan's proficiency in formations had officially ascended.

This achievement was hard-earned, and Li Fan was naturally elated.

This made him allocate more energy to formation research during this period.

...

The sea of knowledge was boundless.

When immersed in deep thought and concentration, time always passed exceptionally quickly.

Unknowingly, the twenty-fifth year arrived.

On this day, Li Fan suddenly felt a tremor in his heart.

After a brief perception, he knew that the restrictions on entering the "Fallen Immortal Realm" had disappeared, and he could enter again for exploration.

"I wonder where I will appear this time when I enter?"

With some excitement and anticipation, Li Fan suspended all processes.

Holding his breath, he performed the ritual.

"Blessings bestowed by the Celestial Sovereign of Xuanhuang."

After completing the ritual, his consciousness blurred for a moment, and Li Fan once again entered the Fallen Immortal Realm.

...

"Junior Brother? Junior Brother?"

The familiar voice sounded again.

Li Fan was startled, staring blankly at the appearance of Zhang Qianmo waving his hand in front of him.

"What's going on?"

"Why am I still here?"

"I clearly defeated him, resolved his obsession, and even obtained a secret technique."

"Where did it go wrong?"

Countless doubts surged in Li Fan's heart for a moment.

This area of space-time around Ningyuan City should be an existence similar to Tianyang's Eternal Remembrance.

Li Fan was trapped here, and without resolving the obsession that maintained the existence of the space-time, he couldn't leave.

But now...

Forcing down the disappointment in his heart, Li Fan's thoughts quickly turned, calmly analyzing the situation.

The current situation could only be explained by a few possibilities.

First, Li Fan's understanding of this space-time region could be completely wrong.

For unknown reasons, he might be permanently trapped here.

No matter what method he tried, he couldn't leave.

Second, Li Fan's understanding was not wrong.

But he hadn't formally resolved Zhang Qianmo's obsession.

Whether it was to soar together with Chixia or to seek defeat, neither was what he truly sought.

There might also be a third possibility...

Thinking of this, Li Fan narrowed his eyes and looked around in all directions.

The one maintaining this space-time wasn't Senior Brother Zhang's obsession at all.

Zhang Qianmo was just an outstanding supporting character.

The real protagonist was another person!

Which guess was correct?

Li Fan wasn't sure right now.

Fortunately, he had enough time to systematically eliminate the wrong options.

By then, he would know the correct answer.

Crushing his impatient and hasty emotions, Li Fan gradually calmed down again.

At this moment, Zhang Qianmo, who had been observing the changing expressions on Li Fan's face, finally spoke up, "Junior Brother, what's wrong with you?"

"Could it be that you had a nightmare in broad daylight?"

Li Fan smiled faintly, "Senior Brother, you're truly insightful. I did indeed have a vague nightmare, so I'm a little unsettled."

At this point, Zhang Qianmo couldn't help but be curious, "Oh? What did you dream about?"

"I dreamt that Senior Brother was surrounded by hordes of demonic beasts rushing in like a tide, outnumbered and exhausted to death." Li Fan shook his head and sighed.

"It's really ominous. I don't know why such a dream would come to me out of nowhere."

Zhang Qianmo's expression changed slightly, furrowing his brows.

"As cultivators, our minds are already far from ordinary people's, and we shouldn't have random nightmares."

"Now that a nightmare suddenly arises, could it be that you have subconsciously sensed something, and your mind warned yourself?"

Zhang Qianmo rubbed his chin, pondering.

Li Fan felt somewhat speechless.

He didn't expect that just a casual remark would lead Zhang Qianmo to think so much.

But he also inadvertently hit the mark. There was indeed minor danger ahead in Ningyuan City.

Following his lead, Li Fan continued, "Could it be that this trip to obtain the Longevity Fruit will have some twists and turns and won't be so smooth?"

Zhang Qianmo was slightly stunned, but he didn't immediately refute.

After a moment of thought, he said, "Junior Brother, your worries are not unfounded."

"When I overheard Master and another senior chatting, they mentioned that the cultivation world hasn't been very peaceful lately."

"For safety's sake, why don't we secretly sneak into Ningyuan City first and investigate?"

"Let's see if there's anything strange in the city."

Li Fan agreed without hesitation.

Immediately, the two put away the Purple Heaven Flying Cloud, concealed their breath, and quietly flew towards Ningyuan City.

"Senior Brother, I wonder what your greatest wish in life is?"

As they flew, Li Fan suddenly spoke up.

"Huh? Why do you ask, Junior Brother?" Zhang Qianmo was somewhat surprised.

"Hehe, forgive me for being blunt. Just now, in my dream, I saw Senior Brother die tragically, your eyes fixed on me as if there were unresolved regrets."

"Your gaze was too real. Even though I woke up now, it was unforgettable. It is difficult to calm my heart, so I asked."

Li Fan said slowly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 275: Zhang Qianmo’s Three Grand Wishes


Zhang Qianmo chuckled upon hearing this, "It's just a nightmare, Junior Brother, there's no need to take it seriously."

However, seeing Li Fan's intense gaze, Zhang Qianmo pondered for a moment and said, "My lifelong wishes..."

"I won't hide it from you. Since I entered the Purple Heaven Sect and embarked on the path of cultivation, I've always had three major goals."

"But I've kept them deeply buried in my heart and never mentioned them to anyone."

"Now that Junior Brother insists on asking, I don't mind sharing them with you."

"Consider them as jokes, don't take them too seriously!"

With a solemn expression, Zhang Qianmo slowly said, "I have three wishes."

"First, demons and monsters are causing havoc, and countless lives are suffering. I want to exterminate all demons in the world, bringing peace to the land."

"Second, the Ten Great Immortal Sects are becoming old and feeble. With power but no virtue, it's difficult to win over the masses. I want to see the Purple Heaven Sect replace them."

"Third, among the various sects in the world, everyone cherishes their own treasures. There are countless profound techniques in the world, but each sect keeps them for themselves. Ordinary cultivators, even if they possess a treasured technique from a sect, cannot fully understand it in their lifetime. Not to mention the countless other sects' techniques."

"Life has its limits, but techniques are boundless. It's a great pity! If I were to govern the world, I would collect all the techniques and share them with everyone."

"Everyone can choose the most suitable technique for cultivation, and eventually, we can recreate the golden age of ancient cultivation."

Zhang Qianmo spoke eloquently and relentlessly, revealing his lifelong three wishes.

Each one was more astonishing than the last.

Li Fan listened and couldn't help but fall into deep silence.

After a long time, he couldn't help but let out a sigh and said, "Senior Brother, your ambitions are grand, and I admire you!"

Zhang Qianmo laughed heartily upon hearing this, "They're just idle thoughts about various injustices I've encountered in my cultivation journey! Junior Brother, just take it as a joke, don't take it seriously!"

"Let's go!"

With that, he accelerated towards Ningyuan City.

Li Fan followed closely behind, thinking to himself, "I can only pray that this place isn't being maintained by Zhang Qianmo's obsession. This Senior Brother of mine is really extraordinary. His wishes are a bit outrageous."

"I wonder what his true ending will be in history."

The two of them remained silent along the way and soon arrived at Ningyuan City.

Concealing their aura and disguising themselves as ordinary people, the two brothers swaggered through the city gates.

"Junior Brother, let's split up and investigate the city for anything suspicious," Zhang Qianmo communicated through voice transmission.

"Senior Brother, you're not going to meet your old lover Chixia, right?" Li Fan exposed his intentions with a single sentence.

Upon hearing this, Zhang Qianmo felt somewhat embarrassed.

Just as he was about to explain, Li Fan suddenly said, "If my spiritual intuition is correct, the danger in this city is aimed at the two of us."

"It's likely that there's already an ambush set up around Chixia. If Senior Brother rashly meets her, he might fall into their trap."

"Senior Brother's cultivation is formidable and is not afraid of them. But I'm afraid that Chixia might be harmed."

When Zhang Qianmo heard this, he felt that it made perfect sense.

After a moment of contemplation, he communicated through voice transmission, "Junior Brother's approach is prudent. In that case, let's first gather information about the city, and then make plans after reuniting."

Li Fan nodded in agreement.

Zhang Qianmo's figure gradually disappeared into the crowd.

Having already known the personnel arrangement for the ambush in Ningyuan City, Li Fan naturally didn't need to bother with reconnaissance again.

The reason he guided Zhang Qianmo to act this way was to delay the outbreak of the battle.

Before that, he wanted to re-examine Ningyuan City.

To look for the true protagonist.

By now, Li Fan had gone through more than ten cycles in Ningyuan City.

After Zhang Qianmo's speech, although he was somewhat reluctant to believe it, Li Fan was very clear that he had likely been mistaken all along.

The protagonist of this stage play was someone else, not Zhang Qianmo.

This was because Zhang Qianmo's obsession was too grand.

The stage of Ningyuan City was too small.

The mere incident of "ambush while obtaining the Longevity Fruit" could not match Senior Brother Zhang's ambitions.

"So, who is the master of this space-time?"

Li Fan scanned the bustling mortals in Ningyuan City.

"Could it be among these people?"

With this question in mind, Li Fan began to wander around Ningyuan City.

It was a bustling and lively city.

The mortals lived and worked here, completely unaware of the impending disaster.

Following the crowded flow of people, Li Fan arrived at a road called "Yongqing Street."

The roadside was filled with various stalls, and many excited mortals were playing.

Walking among them, Li Fan felt as if he had returned to Grand Xuan.

That long-lost mortal realm.

Suddenly, Li Fan's footsteps halted slightly.

His spiritual consciousness sensed the surroundings, and a faint smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.

Then, he deliberately walked towards a nearby dead end.

Several small figures hurriedly followed behind him.

They walked to the depths of the alley but found that the person they were following had disappeared, which surprised them.

Just as they were about to retreat, they found a figure blocking the exit.

It was Li Fan.

Li Fan looked at the five figures tracking him, tilting his head.

Five mortals.

They were all extremely thin and frail children.

The oldest looked no more than six or seven years old, thin and weak.

"What are you little kids following me for?" Li Fan asked with some amusement.

The five children were caught off guard and looked nervous.

But in the face of Li Fan's question, none of them answered, only staring at him intently.

Just as Li Fan was about to say something, one of them suddenly shouted, "Dog!"

At the same time, a fierce dog's roar resounded behind Li Fan.

The vicious dog appeared in an instant, about to pounce on Li Fan.

Li Fan intended to crush it directly, but when he saw the face of the "vicious dog," he couldn't help but stop.

With a slight force, he grabbed it.

Ignoring its fierce roar, he carefully examined it in front of his eyes.

Indeed, its limbs were those of a dog...

But its torso and head were human.

"What is this?"

"A demonic beast?"

A mysterious light flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

Spiritual energy surged out from his body and circulated within its body.

Its roaring gradually weakened, and it fell into a deep sleep.

"Dog!"

Thinking that the dog had died, the five children behind shouted in despair.

Ignoring the absolute difference in strength, they all rushed towards Li Fan.

With a gentle flick from Li Fan, they all fell to the ground.

"It's not dead yet."

Li Fan said lightly.

"If you want to save its life, answer a few questions for me."

The few children looked at each other and had to nod in agreement.

"This dog..."

Li Fan paused and corrected himself.

"This child, what's going on?"

Li Fan asked.

Yes, after just inspecting it, Li Fan found that the creature in front of him, with the body of a human and the claws of a dog, was not a demonic beast.

But a human.

It's just that it had been "grafted" with the limbs of a dog.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 276: The Flawless Mr. Bai


The five children looked at each other.

In the end, a small boy with slightly yellowed hair stepped forward timidly and said, "The dog was made like this by bad people."

"The wealthy families in the city all keep these 'human dogs.'"

"Human dogs are more obedient, smarter, and stronger than ordinary dogs."

"So, they are very popular."

"To transform into a human dog, they must undergo immortal techniques, which is extremely painful."

"If they can't bear it, they will lose their sanity and become crazy."

"Then, they will be abandoned to fend for themselves."

Although the boy was young, he spoke clearly and logically.

"Immortal techniques..." Li Fan snorted coldly.

He couldn't detect any traces of spiritual energy at work on this dog.

The dog's limbs and human torso were just crudely sewn together.

The so-called "immortal techniques" were nothing more than excuses to fool mortals.

If Senior Brother Zhang saw this, he would surely angrily denounce, "Devils and heretics, they must be eradicated."

"The dog is just a discarded defective product. If it weren't for Xiao Bai..."

The yellow-haired boy was speaking, but he was fiercely kicked from behind by someone.

Brushing off his buttocks, he looked somewhat embarrassed.

The boy quickly changed his tone and said, "If it weren't for Mr. Bai's intervention, I'm afraid the dog would have died long ago."

Li Fan's expression changed.

Mr. Bai?

It seemed like he had heard of this person before in the Fallen Immortal Realm?

The blue crystal light in his sea of consciousness flowed, and in an instant, the relevant information was retrieved from deep within his memory.

While obtaining Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique, there was a fierce battle between Senior Brother Zhang and Song Hesong that left Ningyuan City in ruins.

Afterwards, there suddenly appeared a group of beggar children around ten years old, shouting amidst everyone's despair.

They stirred up hope for survival among the people and organized rescues in an orderly manner.

And they obeyed the orders of this "Mr. Bai."

Li Fan couldn't help but become interested and immediately asked, "Who is Mr. Bai?"

As soon as Mr. Bai was mentioned, the yellow-haired boy became somewhat excited.

He opened up and praised endlessly, "Mr. Bai is the best person in the world!"

"He's also the most skilled doctor in the world!"

"And he's also the most handsome person in the world!"

The children behind him also echoed one after another, "Mr. Bai is the gentlest person in the world!"

"He's also the smartest person in the world!"

...

Listening to the children's overflowing praises, Li Fan couldn't help but find it a bit amusing.

In the eyes of these children, perhaps this small Ningyuan City was the entire world.

However, it could also be seen that this Mr. Bai seemed to be truly extraordinary, and he treated the children extremely well.

Could such a person be the origin of this remnant space-time?

Li Fan became interested.

"This Mr. Bai is truly remarkable! Can you introduce me to him?" Li Fan asked with a smile.

For a moment, all five children fell silent.

They subconsciously took a step back, eyeing Li Fan with cautious eyes.

It was as if Li Fan were a scheming villain plotting against them.

Li Fan chuckled, "Don't be afraid of me. I am also a good person just like your Mr. Bai."

"I just want to meet him."

The children exchanged glances again, and in the end, it was the yellow-haired boy who spoke up.

"To be honest, we don't know where Mr. Bai lives."

"We live in a small temple east of the city, and Mr. Bai often comes to see us."

"If you want to meet Mr. Bai, you can wait at the temple."

Li Fan narrowed his eyes and made a judgment.

The yellow-haired boy wasn't lying.

"Lead the way!" Throwing over the still sleeping dog to a few people, Li Fan said in a deep voice.

The yellow-haired boy took the dog and saw that he really was just asleep, breathing a deep sigh of relief.

Having confirmed that Li Fan wasn't a big villain, he was truly relieved.

So, under their guidance, Li Fan arrived at a small temple in the east of Ningyuan City.

It seemed to be an abandoned temple.

The stone statue enshrined inside was already broken and only a small remnant remained.

There were more than ten children, both boys and girls, similarly dragged in rags in the temple.

Although they were all relatively thin and weak, each of them seemed spirited, with a glint in their eyes.

Seeing the yellow-haired boy and the other four return, they surrounded them.

Everyone was talking at once: "Lu Ya, who is this uncle?"

"Why did you come back empty-handed? Didn't you get any food this time?"

"The dog! What happened to the dog?"

The yellow-haired Lu Ya then explained to everyone.

Li Fan also understood why Lu Ya and the other four were inexplicably following him.

It was simply because they found him unfamiliar and thought he was an outsider who could give them some money for food.

There were more than one group like Lu Ya's.

Some of them hadn't returned yet.

The children in the temple eyed Li Fan with vigilance and curiosity, but none of them came forward to strike up a conversation.

Li Fan couldn't be bothered to argue with a group of kids, so he just stayed inside, waiting for Mr. Bai.

If things went as expected, when Senior Brother Zhang started to act and Ningyuan City turned into ruins under the hands of the two cultivators, Mr. Bai would appear.

After half a day passed, Li Fan saw that the time was about right, so he sent a message to Senior Brother Zhang.

"Be careful of Steward Song..."

Then he waited quietly for what would follow.

Sure enough, not long after, Senior Brother Zhang's thunderous shout echoed over Ningyuan City.

"Evil demons! You're seeking death!"

Purple thunder, representing majestic divine might, resounded in the sky.

"Fellow Daoists, hurry and take action!" This was Chu Liang's voice.

The battle erupted once again.

Knowing Senior Brother Zhang's strength, Li Fan didn't pay too much attention this time.

Instead, he watched the performance of the children in the temple with interest.

"Quick! Quick! Hide in the cellar!"

Seeing the strange scene in the sky, Lu Ya's face turned pale as he commanded repeatedly.

The children seemed extremely skilled at seeking refuge.

They pushed aside the half-broken stone statue, revealing an opening.

In an orderly manner, they hurriedly entered.

"Uncle, you should come and hide too!"

When only Lu Ya was left in the temple, he turned back and looked at Li Fan, saying, "There are immortals fighting outside, it's too dangerous!"

Li Fan smiled faintly, "Don't worry about me, you should go and take shelter yourself first."

After hesitating for a moment, Lu Ya nodded, and then his small figure disappeared into the hole.

The stone statue slowly returned to its original position, covering the opening.

Only then did Li Fan slowly walk up to the stone statue, showing a strange expression.

When the group of children pushed aside the stone statue and revealed the hidden chamber below, Li Fan was suddenly surprised.

"Interesting, this seemingly ordinary stone statue can actually block my divine sense."

Slowly touching the somewhat aged stone statue, spiritual energy surged within him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 277: Xuantian Temple


However, the spiritual energy that left his body seemed to encounter a dam, and it was all blocked outside the stone statue.

Like an insulator for spiritual energy and spiritual consciousness, all of Li Fan's conventional means couldn't probe the stone statue.

"Interesting, I wonder what kind of material it is."

Li Fan summoned a water blade and controlled it to swiftly cut towards the stone statue.

Let alone an ordinary stone, even if it was refined steel, it would be split in half by this water blade.

But on the contrary, the water blade couldn't affect this damaged stone statue in the slightest.

The moment it touched it, the spiritual energy maintaining the power of the water blade scattered.

Apart from washing the stone statue, it didn't cause any damage.

"What a precious treasure! It's a pity there are too few pieces, and I can't take them back to reality."

"Otherwise, it could be used to create an absolutely safe secret chamber."

Li Fan imagined the various wonderful uses of this unknown stone material and couldn't help but feel a bit regretful.

Suddenly, Li Fan's heart stirred, and he found a piece of stone on the ground nearby.

Using it as a tool, he forcibly knocked off another fragment from the stone statue.

Then, he fiercely stabbed this fragment into his arm.

Blood immediately flowed out.

Li Fan frowned slightly.

The spiritual energy circulating to the wound caused by the fragment couldn't operate freely.

It needed to detour around it, greatly reducing efficiency.

The fragment was still stuck in his body, and if not removed, the wound couldn't be healed with spiritual energy.

After contemplating for a moment, Li Fan reluctantly extracted the fragment.

He held it in his hand and examined it.

"Perhaps, I can defeat Senior Brother Zhang without resorting to slowly exhausting him to death."

He contemplated inwardly.

While Li Fan was studying this mysterious stone statue, the battle in the sky had reached a fierce stage.

Song Hesong revealed his true colors, besieging Zhang Qianmo along with Chu Liang and the others.

The aftermath of the battle between them brought destruction to Ningyuan City below.

Houses collapsed, and countless mortals died inexplicably.

However, on the side of the small temple, with Li Fan's intervention, no danger occurred.

"Even if it weren't for me, with the existence of this dilapidated stone statue, these children should be fine."

"No wonder after the great battle ended, they were still lively enough to come out and organize relief efforts."

Li Fan thought to himself.

The battle continued according to the predetermined script.

Song Hesong was at a disadvantage, and he slammed their hands towards Ningyuan City.

In an instant, countless mortals were injured or killed.

Their surging blood-colored aura formed the "Sentient Soul Refinement Formation," imprisoning Zhang Qianmo.

Song Hesong, unrelenting, followed with several consecutive strikes.

As Golden Core cultivators, each strike took the lives of tens of thousands of mortals.

One of the strikes happened to be aimed in the direction of the small temple.

Li Fan's eyes flickered slightly as he withdrew his protection and swiftly dodged behind the remaining stone statue.

When the strike hit the stone statue, it had no effect and dissipated into nothingness.

Except for the area blocked by the stone statue, everything else turned into ruins.

It was as if there was a vacuum of spiritual energy, and it didn't arouse any suspicion from Song Hesong.

Li Fan stood up from behind the stone statue and casually cleaned up the surrounding ruins.

He continued to watch the battle in the sky.

When Zhang Qianmo broke through and entered the purple core state...

Li Fan thought for a moment, then pushed aside the stone statue and entered the underground chamber.

The children in the secret chamber were initially nervous when someone entered.

But after seeing it was Li Fan, the "good person," they breathed a sigh of relief.

"It's better to come in and take shelter. It's too scary outside," Li Fan shook his head and sighed.

Lu Ya grinned and didn't say much, just greeting Li Fan and gesturing for him to sit down.

The underground chamber wasn't large, but it was enough for everyone to take shelter.

Inside, there were also some water and food supplies; apparently, it was often used as a refuge.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Li Fan chatted casually with the yellow-haired Lu Ya.

He learned that this temple was originally called the "Xuantian Temple."

The underground chamber was also discovered by them by chance.

As for who was worshipped there, they had no idea because it had been abandoned for many years.

Lu Ya was even less clear about where the missing half of the stone statue had gone.

Just then, a little girl nearby interjected, "I know, I know! It's at Mr. Bai's house! When Mr. Bai took me back to cure my illness last time, I saw it."

"There's half of a body stuck there with no face, it's really scary!"

Lu Ya was taken aback, "You know where Mr. Bai's house is? Then why did you say you didn't know when I asked you last time?"

The little girl blushed and gave Lu Ya a look, "I've been there, but I was sick and confused, so I didn't remember how to get there!"

"Mr. Bai..."

Listening to the conversation between the two children, Li Fan pondered.

...

Above Ningyuan City, Zhang Qianmo, who had killed all his assailants, hurriedly searched for the whereabouts of his junior brother, who had issued a warning for him.

However, despite searching Ningyuan City multiple times with his spiritual consciousness, he couldn't find his junior brother.

Thinking that his junior brother had met a tragic fate, Zhang Qianmo felt remorse in his heart.

Undeterred, he searched several more times, hoping to at least find his junior brother's body.

However, he still found nothing.

Zhang Qianmo had no choice but to take a Longevity Fruit alone and leave Ningyuan City in deep sorrow.

Shortly after he left, a petite figure cautiously emerged from the ruins of the small temple.

After observing carefully for a long time, she finally shouted boldly, "It's safe now, come out!"

Immediately after, Li Fan followed a group of children as they emerged from the underground chamber.

The children looked at Ningyuan City, now a wasteland with corpses strewn about, feeling somewhat lost.

However, being orphans who survived alone outside, their psychological endurance was quite strong.

Surprisingly, Li Fan didn't see fear or apprehension in their eyes.

They were just a little lost and didn't know what to do for a moment.

"This Mr. Bai should be coming soon."

At this point, there were no more cultivators left in the city except for him, so Li Fan had no reservations.

He immediately used his spiritual consciousness to search for the trace of "Mr. Bai" among the survivors.

He should be easy to find by following the description given by the children.

A young, gentle, extremely handsome, and weak scholar.

But...

Li Fan's expression changed slightly.

He didn't find a matching individual.

Li Fan searched several more times, but the result remained the same.

"Could it be that the children's description of 'extremely handsome' is just their glorification?"

Li Fan couldn't help but speculate.

With no other choice, he could only wait for Mr. Bai to arrive at the small temple.

However, what surprised Li Fan was that even after waiting until the duration of this Immortal Falling Realm ended, he still hadn't seen this "Mr. Bai."

As the surroundings became hazy, when Li Fan was about to leave the Immortal Falling Realm...

He faintly heard the excited shouts of the children: "Xiao Bai! Xiao Bai is here!"

"Mr. Bai! Mr. Bai!"

Li Fan suddenly turned his head to look, but he only vaguely saw a blurry figure.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 278: Chaoyuan Sect Mutations


Just as Li Fan managed to see the excited children surrounding a slender figure in green clothes, he was forced to leave the Fallen Immortal Realm.

After a moment of dizziness, Li Fan returned to the real world.

"Mr. Bai..."

"Are you the owner of this space-time?"

Although this expedition yielded no practical results, Li Fan at least confirmed one thing.

This Mr. Bai was peculiar.

In the remnant space-time, if there was no interference from Li Fan, events should unfold in a fixed manner each time.

Based on previous experiences, Mr. Bai should have visited the small temple shortly after the end of the great battle to see the children.

But this time...

"He coincidentally arrived just as I was about to leave?"

Li Fan didn't believe this was a simple coincidence.

This Mr. Bai was deliberately avoiding him.

Or perhaps, for some special reason, Li Fan couldn't see him.

Just like how Li Fan couldn't leave Ningyuan City.

It seemed to be a specific rule of the entire space-time of Ningyuan City.

Setting aside the reasons for such rules, based on this analysis, there was a high probability that Mr. Bai was the owner of the space-time.

So, the question arose: what was Mr. Bai's obsession?

Li Fan thought of the children's praise for him as the best person in the world.

Furthermore, he actively organized rescues and treated the wounded.

...

After the great battle, the scene of Ningyuan City, which resembled a post-apocalyptic world with corpses everywhere, involuntarily appeared before Li Fan's eyes.

"His homeland was almost turned into a dead zone due to the cultivators' battle."

"If this cruel scene had never occurred, it would have been much better."

"Is this your obsession?"

Li Fan pondered.

Although there might be other possibilities, based on the character profile of Mr. Bai established from the current known clues, this was the most probable one.

"Attempting to resolve the event of Ningyuan City by obtaining Longevity Fruits without harming mortals? It's a bit challenging."

Having speculated on the outcome, the next step was to figure out a way to verify it.

However, achieving this goal seemed more difficult than simply defeating Senior Brother Zhang.

Not to mention Senior Brother Zhang's invincible might, just capturing Song Hesong, who was in the mid Golden Core stage, without involving mortals was not an easy task.

"It's fortunate that I have the Insect Binding Technique as a backup. Let's try a few methods first."

"If it doesn't work out, I'll deal with this matter after reaching the Golden Core stage."

In any case, seeing hope of escaping from Ningyuan City, the slight delay in time didn't matter much to Li Fan.

After silently formulating the action plan for the next entry into the Fallen Immortal Realm in his mind, Li Fan recalled the extraordinary stone in the small temple.

He immediately searched for it in the Tianxuan Mirror.

It wasn't something too secretive, so he easily found relevant information.

"Absolute Immortal Stone" was the term used by cultivators for this type of stone.

Its effects were the same as those Li Fan had discovered; it could isolate all spiritual power and consciousness probes.

In ancient times, it was commonly used to build secret chambers, carve stone statues, or make stone nails to imprison prisoners.

The Absolute Immortal Stone nails were paired with a method called "Immortal Spirit Sealing."

By piercing dozens of fixed acupoints in the body with Absolute Immortal Stone nails, it could block the circulation of spiritual energy within the body and seal all cultivation realms.

However, as time passed, the number of Absolute Immortal Stones in existence decreased, and it was now rare to come across them.

"There's still some remaining Absolute Immortal Stone in the small temple, just enough to make a set of stone nails."

Li Fan immediately spent contribution points to purchase the "Immortal Spirit Sealing" technique and kept it in mind.

...

In the 25th year, shortly after Li Fan entered seclusion again, news spread from Jiushan Prefecture, once again attracting the attention of cultivators across the world.

The mysterious Chaoyuan Sect ruins, which had never been thoroughly explored, had recently undergone strange changes.

At first, within the empty ruins of the sect, occasional shadowy figures would appear, moving back and forth. When the cultivators arrived to investigate, the figures would suddenly disappear.

Gradually, the frequency of these appearances increased, and the duration of their stay also lengthened. Eventually, cultivators could even hear the voices of these figures conversing with each other.

Apart from being intangible and without physical presence, these shadowy figures were almost indistinguishable from real people.

They seemed unaware of the presence of real cultivators and behaved as if living in their own time and space, undisturbed.

What caused a sensation, however, was when a cultivator happened to encounter an image of a disciple of the Chaoyuan Sect reciting the "Heavenly Light Building Yang Technique."

Overjoyed, the cultivator memorized the entire technique. Although it was only a Qi Condensation technique, the significance of this event was extraordinary because it implied the possibility of obtaining other higher-level techniques.

Even if there were no techniques, observing the ancient Chaoyuan Sect disciples refining pills and crafting weapons was akin to having free teachers for guidance.

As a result, the Chaoyuan Sect ruins, which had almost been deserted, became lively once again. Of course, the excitement belonged to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and the Five Elders Association was not involved.

The several Soul Transformation cultivators responsible for guarding the borders did not return for unknown reasons and remained stationed within Jiushan Prefecture.

The Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was activated as a permanent measure.

Any Five Elders Association cultivator who entered would be immediately killed.

The previously chaotic Jiushan Prefecture, under such circumstances, gradually became peaceful.

Meanwhile, on the deserted island in the Cong Yun Sea, the people of Dali had a rare dispute.

The cause of this dispute was the emergence of the changes in the Chaoyuan Sect ruins.

When the fatty Ye Feipeng went out, he learned of this from the conversations of passing cultivators.

Upon returning to the deserted island, he casually mentioned the incident during conversations with others. Unexpectedly, Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo felt a mutual resonance upon hearing this.

They both felt that their opportunity to form the Golden Core was likely within the Chaoyuan Sect!

Both of them had been stuck at the late Foundation Establishment stage for some time. The bottleneck was holding them back from advancing further.

Additionally, they hadn't decided on which law to use to form their core.

Now, with the opportunity seemingly within reach, they immediately entertained the idea of going to Jiushan Prefecture.

The journey there was long and fraught with danger.

Xiao Heng, the nominal successor of the "Immortal Revival Organization," naturally opposed this idea.

Xiao Heng believed that with their aptitude, the bottleneck would only hinder them temporarily, not permanently.

If they missed out on the opportunity of the Chaoyuan Sect, there would be other chances to make up for it.

However, venturing out with only a late Foundation Establishment cultivation level would be too dangerous, despite their exceptional talents and considerable combat strength.

The gap between cultivation realms was too significant.

It would be better to continue to lay low for a while longer, waiting until everyone had broken through to the Golden Core realm, and their abilities to protect themselves were greatly enhanced before going out together to seek opportunities.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 279: Feipeng’s Fortune


Xiao Heng's words were not without reason.

However, it was impossible for Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo, who had finally sensed where their opportunities lay, to easily give up.

Su Xiaomei, with her explosive temper, would not listen to anyone once she got worked up.

And Zhang Haobo had even more reason.

He had not embarked on the path of cultivation early; he was over ten years older than the others from Dali and had fallen significantly behind.

Now, making him wait longer, who knew when the next opportunity would arise?

It was known that on the path of cultivation, each step taken opened more directions.

Zhang Haobo had fallen far behind in this aspect and didn't want to delay any longer.

With a determined gaze, Zhang Haobo had obviously made up his mind.

Xiao Heng was dumbfounded by his words and couldn't find a reason to refute them.

He could only turn to Su Changyu, Ye Feipeng, and the others for help in persuading them.

Ye Feipeng, with his carefree attitude, didn't care at all. "Xiao Heng, don't worry about it."

"Think about it, I managed to escape from a Nascent Soul cultivator of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance back then. With their good fortune and cultivation level not inferior to mine, as long as they're cautious, what danger could they face?"

Su Changyu remained silent, not trying to block Su Xiaomei's journey.

With her brother backing her up, Su Xiaomei became even more pleased with herself.

She couldn't wait to set off immediately.

Anxious, Xiao Heng hurriedly stopped her and persuaded her with all his might to hold off.

He urged them to prepare thoroughly before heading to Jiushan Province.

Looking at Su Xiaomei, who was glaring at him fiercely, Xiao Heng sighed inwardly, feeling helpless.

He knew Su Xiaomei's temper well.

It was almost certain that Su Xiaomei would get into conflicts the moment they encountered outsiders.

If possible, Xiao Heng also wanted to go with them to protect them.

However, after Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo left, the only ones left on the deserted island with some combat power were Xiao Heng and Ye Feipeng.

Ye Feipeng was often secretive and unreliable, frequently going out. He couldn't be relied upon.

If he also went with them, there would be no resistance left on the deserted island.

Bringing Su Changyu and the others along for the adventure was even more unreliable.

Even if they wanted to go, Xiao Heng couldn't agree to it.

After some thought, Xiao Heng initiated a ritual and entered the White Bone Realm.

He planned to seek help from Senior Skull and see if he could obtain some assistance.

Li Fan was already aware of the situation on their side.

He was also very interested in the situation regarding the Chaoyuan Sect ruins in Jiushan Province.

He took advantage of this opportunity to explore the truth.

Through the altar, he sent over two random teleportation necklaces, a set of Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags, and two "talismans."

The teleportation necklaces and Ten Thousand Immortals Formation Flags were naturally for the two kids to use for survival.

When it was time to reap the benefits, if they were unfortunately killed, Li Fan would suffer significant losses.

As for the two so-called talismans, they were actually defensive artifacts engraved with the "Soul Shock Formation."

Defense was secondary.

The main purpose was to have Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo carry them as mediums to enhance Li Fan's perception.

These items had to be prepared because Li Fan's perception with the Formless Killing Intent had a distance limit.

With his current late Foundation Establishment cultivation level, if the distance to the target exceeded the range of a province, the precision of his perception would shrink drastically and be severely affected.

The Cong Yun Sea and Jiushan Province were very far apart.

When Li Fan and the others went to the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce to buy techniques previously, it took them almost half a year to arrive.

With such a long distance, if there were no formations acting as a medium, Li Fan would almost be unable to perceive any images and could only lock onto the location from afar.

Therefore, in order to know the situation of the two at any time, these talismans were necessary.

With the Formless Killing Intent monitoring in place, Li Fan could also intervene when necessary.

Besides these few items, Li Fan also imparted the Establish Dao Anew technique to Xiao Heng.

After all, the more Su Xiaomei and the others broke through, the more Li Fan would gain.

After all, even He Zhenghao could achieve a Four Law Golden Core, although there was a certain element of luck involved.

Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo should also form their core with at least three laws.

Li Fan's calculations were quite accurate.

With so much assistance suddenly received, Xiao Heng's blood surged, and he became somewhat excited.

He repeatedly kowtowed in the direction where Senior Skull slept.

"Senior, by providing so many precious treasures this time, you must have foreseen the dangers ahead."

"I must also carefully instruct Xiaomei and the others."

Xiao Heng contemplated silently, collected the items, exited the White Bone Realm, and distributed them to Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo.

Then, he painstakingly reminded them again and again.

Su Xiaomei shrugged and nodded in agreement.

But her attention was focused on the newly acquired treasures, and she was somewhat pleased, quietly playing with them.

Zhang Haobo put away the items first, then solemnly assured Xiao Heng.

After all the preparations were made, another round of farewells ensued.

The two of them, holding a map that Ye Feipeng had somehow obtained, set off in the direction of Jiushan Province.

Two companions embarked on an unknown fate in pursuit of Golden Core.

The remaining people, amidst reluctance and worry, were also inspired.

"I also need to hurry up and achieve Golden Core. When Xiaomei returns, she will surely be surprised," Xiao Heng resolved silently.

The Yin sisters glanced at each other, then returned to the depths of the deserted island to practice diligently.

Su Changyu looked towards the direction Su Xiaomei had left, his expression becoming more determined.

Ye Feipeng didn't show much sadness.

Instead, when he saw Xiao Heng return from the White Bone Realm with so many treasures, his eyes rolled around in excitement.

After everyone had left, he followed suit and went to the White Bone Realm to plead.

He tried to get some benefits from Senior Skull.

Li Fan, who witnessed this scene, couldn't help but feel a bit amused and exasperated.

Seeing the pitiful appearance of the fatty, if Li Fan hadn't been monitoring him all along, he would almost have been deceived by his excellent performance.

In light of his earnest performance, Li Fan didn't ignore him this time.

After some thought, Li Fan inscribed the "Creation Forge Art" onto a jade slip and sent it to Ye Feipeng.

A flash of white light appeared.

Seeing the unexpected gain this time, Ye Feipeng was overjoyed. He jumped up and held the jade slip, eager to read it.

"The Creation Forge Art?"

The domineering words that first appeared stunned him.

His pupils contracted suddenly, and he instinctively put away the jade slip, looking around.

After confirming that he was the only one in the White Bone Realm, Ye Feipeng eagerly examined the contents of the technique.

After a while, he showed a strange expression.

"Just this?"

Feeling something was amiss, Ye Feipeng read through the technique several times again.

"No, no. The Creation Forge Art sounds so mysterious, how can it be so rudimentary?"

"Could it be that it's too profound, and I am not qualified enough to comprehend it?"

For a moment, the fatty fell into deep self-doubt.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 280: Demonic Beast Creation Forge Art


After feeling lost, Ye Feipeng once again flipped through the "Creation Forge Art" several times.

Finally, he stared at the poem at the end of the technique, deep in thought.

"The Great Dao is inherently simple, creation is always impartial."

"When true techniques are passed down to the world, only the fated will comprehend."

...

Murmuring the verses to himself, Ye Feipeng's eyes gradually brightened.

"I see, the so-called simplicity of the Great Dao."

"This Creation Forge Art looks so rudimentary, but if one underestimates it, that would be a grave mistake!"

The fatty regained his confidence.

"The Immortal Revival Organization has existed since ancient times. Although it has declined nowadays, its foundation is still profound."

"How could its treasures be comparable to ordinary goods?!"

"Creation, creation. Obtaining this technique is truly my good fortune!"

With excitement in his heart, the fatty crushed the jade slip, exited the White Bone Realm, and hurriedly rushed into a trench near the deserted island to practice according to the method in the "Creation Forge Art."

"Activating the hidden potential within the body..."

Ye Feipeng closed his eyes, silently sensing the potential hidden within his body.

In an instant, he seemed to fall into a state of slumber, and the fluctuations of his breath subsided.

In this way, more than a month passed.

One day, a faint blush suddenly appeared on Ye Feipeng's face.

Above his head, the shadow of a Kun Peng also appeared at the same time, emitting a loud cry.

"Pffft!"

A mouthful of blood was spurted out, and brown wings suddenly spread out behind him.

It was as if a tremendous energy had suddenly appeared within his body.

It surged continuously, and wherever it passed, huge bulges appeared on the surface of his skin.

It looked as if a tumor was constantly moving around on his body.

But Ye Feipeng's face showed not shock but joy.

"This hidden potential is truly extraordinary! I thought I had already fully developed all the potential of the Kun Peng bloodline."

"I didn't expect that there's still a long way to go!"

Just as Ye Feipeng was caught up in excitement, a vast and boundless force suddenly surged within his body.

As if he was hit hard, the fatty spat out another mouthful of blood.

"Calling too much potential at once is a bit hard to bear."

His body had been deformed by the impact of this huge force, and Ye Feipeng's face suddenly became serious.

"I need to quickly refine this power."

"The body is a furnace of creation, hidden potential is charcoal, and all things are copper!"

Recalling the key points of the technique, a gleam of light flashed in Ye Feipeng's eyes.

His fat and somewhat deformed body suddenly heated up visibly.

"Boom!"

A rumble like a giant hammer echoed faintly from within his body.

The moment the sound rang out, Ye Feipeng's body couldn't help but tremble violently.

However, the bulges that had been constantly moving around his body seemed to diminish slightly because of this violent strike.

Although it was not very obvious, Ye Feipeng could clearly feel the changes in his body.

"Good!"

"Again!"

A look of confirmation flashed in his eyes.

Another strike.

...

Under the continuous pounding, the masses of power were gradually absorbed by Ye Feipeng's body.

The strength of his physical body was once again enhanced.

In a short period of time, it had increased by about ten percent.

Just as Ye Feipeng was ecstatic about this change, his body emitted a scorching light like a furnace.

However, due to overload, fine cracks began appearing on it.

It seemed as if his body was about to collapse at any moment.

Ye Feipeng's face changed suddenly.

However, before he could react, a hint of blue light suddenly burst from his dantian.

The deep blue color traversed through the crimson light, seemingly having its own consciousness, continuously repairing Ye Feipeng's injuries.

At the same time, countless small blue particles surged from the sea area near the trench, rushing towards Ye Feipeng one after another.

This support wasn't only water attribute spiritual energy.

It also contained pure life energy.

Nourished by this, the fatty's furnace body stabilized once again.

"Wonderful!"

"The technique once said that the process of tempering the body cannot be rushed. Otherwise, it will harm oneself."

"It seems that because I called upon too much hidden potential, my first cultivation was too hasty."

"My body is overworked, and feels a bit depleted."

"But I didn't expect the Canghai Pearl to actually repair my physical injuries."

"If that's the case, does it mean..."

The more he thought about it, the more excited he became.

The sound of the hammer's tempering resurfaced.

Having tasted success, Ye Feipeng couldn't wait to continue practicing.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan, who watched the entire process from beginning to end, couldn't help but sigh.

"So, this is the potential of the Kun Peng bloodline?"

"The physical strength of ancient demonic beasts is indeed beyond comparison to humans."

Li Fan gave Ye Feipeng the "Creation Forge Art" with a bit of an experimental mindset.

He wanted to see if any changes would occur when combining the method of harnessing the body's hidden potential with the demonic beast bloodline.

The result was somewhat unexpected even to Li Fan.

Perhaps because the physique of demonic beasts inherently exceeded that of ordinary humans, Ye Feipeng's tolerance for the tempering of the "Creation Forge Art" was much stronger than Li Fan's clone.

When the clone cultivated the Creation Forge Art, it had to cautiously mobilize a small amount of hidden potential to strengthen the physical body.

Only after the body reached a certain level of strength could the tempering begin.

But for Ye Feipeng, this step of strengthening was directly omitted.

Or rather, he was simultaneously strengthening his body while tempering it.

The risk was great, but the effect was much stronger.

However, Li Fan couldn't imitate it.

If he forcibly did so, the result would be that his body would be unable to withstand the tempering and would directly break apart, leading to his death.

Ye Feipeng could do this only through both the powerful physique brought by the demonic beast bloodline and the help of the Canghai Pearl.

That pure life energy was also a great supplement for the Kun Peng.

"I didn't expect you to also have healing capabilities. You're treating him like your own son."

Li Fan snorted coldly in his heart.

When he built the foundation with the Canghai Pearl back then, he never enjoyed such treatment.

...

Regardless of what Li Fan thought, it didn't affect Ye Feipeng's cultivation progress.

Without worrying about injuring his body, he could recklessly conduct physical tempering.

After another month, Ye Feipeng completely absorbed the hidden potential he had previously called upon.

His originally obese body, under the repeated tempering, gradually became lean.

When he became as thin as a rake, several strands of hidden potential surged forth once again.

His body inflated like a balloon.

Hammering sounded out once again, and Ye Feipeng's strength soared rapidly during this cycle.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 281: I Am Invincible


What puzzled Li Fan was that, according to the information he had previously researched, the method of cultivating hidden potential should be restricted by the rules of heaven and earth once reaching a level equivalent to Golden Core.

Cultivation should only become slower and slower.

However, Li Fan did not see any restrictions taking effect on Ye Feipeng, at least not yet.

"Is it because of his demonic beast bloodline? Or perhaps because of the Canghai Pearl?"

Li Fan was somewhat puzzled.

"Perhaps I can find an opportunity to experiment."

Rubbing his chin, Li Fan began to calculate.

...

During the two months when Ye Feipeng's strength surged, Zhang Haobo and Su Xiaomei had already left the Cong Yun Sea and arrived within the territory of the Jiushan Province, near the border with Shilin Province.

The two of them witnessed the vast expanse of the White Mist Barrier that stretched across the heavens and the earth, deeply shocked.

It was their first time seeing such a spectacle.

They stopped and watched for a long time before continuing towards the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect in the Jiushan Province.

Impressed by this magnificent scene of nature, Su Xiaomei felt her own insignificance for the first time.

Along the way, she became much more restrained, acting low-key and only hurrying along the road.

This also relieved Zhang Haobo.

This little miss was not easy to take care of, with her irritable temper often causing headaches.

It was her first time going far from home, and she liked to get involved in everything that happened along the way.

When others saw her childish appearance, some couldn't help but tease her.

She couldn't tolerate this at all.

She would get into a fight with others within seconds.

Such incidents had happened several times along the way.

Fortunately, Su Xiaomei was only short-tempered and not foolish.

She only acted when she was sure she could handle the opponent.

If Su Xiaomei got into a fight, Zhang Haobo couldn't just stand by and watch.

He had to join forces to teach the other party a lesson before hastily leaving.

"I hope she can stay calm for a bit longer this time."

Watching Su Xiaomei, who had rarely calmed down, Zhang Haobo sighed inwardly.

However, things rarely went as planned.

After traveling through the Jiushan Province for some time and reaching the first mountain range, Su Xiaomei started to show signs of agitation and reverted to her old ways.

This was because before the first mountain pass through Mount Xixi, there was a barrier set up.

Any cultivator who wanted to pass through had to pay a toll to be allowed passage.

According to the information marked on the map given by Ye Feipeng, each of the nine mountains in the Jiushan Province possessed special properties, and cultivators were unable to fly over them.

Therefore, if they wanted to cross Mount Xixi, they had no choice but to either laboriously climb over the mountains, risking unknown dangers, or take these mountain passes.

The two of them had prepared some spirit stones before setting out.

Furthermore, they had also won some when they fought with others before.

So, they weren't lacking.

However, Su Xiaomei was staring intently at the person ahead who was collecting spirit stones, seemingly plotting something dangerous.

Zhang Haobo's heart suddenly tensed up.

Who would dare to set up tollbooths and collect fees in such a place without some backing?

These people were obviously not easy to mess with.

He quickly pulled her clothes and signaled to Su Xiaomei with his eyes not to cause trouble.

Su Xiaomei gave him a disdainful look and transmitted her voice, "Am I that stupid? Even those Golden Core cultivators are choosing to pay obediently."

"It's just a few spirit stones, why would I rashly cause trouble?"

Zhang Haobo couldn't help but be stunned and asked, "Then what are you planning?"

"Hehe, if I don't take the lead, someone else will."

"Look at that person!" Su Xiaomei discreetly pointed towards a certain cultivator ahead.

Zhang Haobo followed her gaze and saw that the person was almost at the point where he had to pay spirit stones.

However...

Zhang Haobo noticed that the person had been wearing a mocking expression on his face.

He was seemingly disdainful of the cultivators who had obediently paid spirit stones before.

"This is going to be interesting."

Excited by the prospect of chaos, Su Xiaomei exclaimed.

Zhang Haobo also became interested.

He knew that Xiaomei's cultivation technique was very sensitive to changes in emotions.

When she said this, it meant that the cultivator would almost certainly come into conflict with the fee-collecting organization.

But what made Zhang Haobo curious was, this person clearly only had Foundation Establishment cultivation, so where did his confidence come from?

Could it be that he was a big shot hiding his cultivation?

Fortunately, Zhang Haobo didn't have to wait long to see.

"One hundred lower grade spirit stones."

The person stood proudly in front of the passageway, not moving for a long time.

The black-robed cultivator in charge of collecting the fees became a little impatient and opened his mouth to urge him.

"No!"

The man snorted coldly and looked disdainfully.

"No? Why are you bothering if you're broke? Get lost!" The black-robed cultivator's eyes narrowed, ready to drive the man away.

However, after seeing the disdainful look in the other's eyes, he couldn't help feeling a little panicked and hesitated.

In the cultivation world, having a keen insight was crucial.

In this chaotic Jiushan Province, who knows how many cultivators have provoked the wrong people and ended up dead.

Looking at the attitude of the person in front of him, if he wasn't brainless...

Then he was probably hiding his cultivation and deliberately causing trouble.

After thinking for a moment, the black-robed cultivator didn't rush to take action.

Instead, he slightly stepped back, creating some distance.

Then, he began to call for backup.

After all, he was just a hired hand.

It wasn't worth fighting desperately for a small reward.

If he couldn't handle it himself, someone else would.

"Wait for me!"

He issued a fierce warning before retreating into the protective formation within the passage.

Soon, four or five cultivators rushed over from inside the passage.

Leading them was a long-haired, sinister-faced Nascent Soul cultivator.

He came to the troublemaker and looked at him with interest.

"You're quite interesting. Since you have no spirit stones, you may leave. What's the point of blocking here? Do you look down on our Spirit Element Sect and think it's easy to bully?"

The sinister-faced man said with a smile, but his eyes were full of killing intent.

Above his head, a peach blossom Dharma Domain suddenly appeared.

Pink petals floated in the wind, and the powerful pressure belonging to a Nascent Soul cultivator instantly permeated the surroundings.

Many Foundation Establishment and Golden Core cultivators turned pale and trembled under the pressure of the Nascent Soul aura.

But what surprised all the cultivators present was that the Nascent Soul aura seemed to have no effect on the troublemaker.

Instead, he smiled faintly and directly exposed the sinister-faced man's identity, "Shen Yurou, you're still so effeminate."

Shen Yurou's face changed drastically at the words, and the peach blossom paradise above his head suddenly disappeared.

With a solemn expression, he stared at the troublemaker in front of him with vigilance.

"Who are you?"

The troublemaker patted his clothes casually and said somewhat casually, "After changing clothes, you don't recognize me anymore?"

As he spoke, a golden light suddenly appeared on the blue cloth on the man's body.

His clothes turned into shiny golden armor.

Shen Yurou was first stunned, then seemed to remember something and said with horror, "I Am Invincible?"

In an instant, he retreated violently.

After pulling away a considerable distance, he suddenly stopped.

Turning back, he looked back at "I Am Invincible" with a puzzled expression and asked, "Didn't you break through to the Soul Transformation stage? Why are you back to Foundation Establishment?"

"I Am Invincible" shrugged, looking indifferent. "I felt like I made a mistake in my cultivation, so I just started over."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 282: Second Generation


"I Am Invincible" said this phrase lightly, but to the cultivators present, it was like a thunderclap.

Each one of them was dumbfounded and filled with astonishment.

As they looked at the man confronting Shen Yurou from afar, their minds fell into turmoil.

After all the effort to cultivate to the Soul Transformation realm, to casually disperse and restart cultivation?

Could it be that breakthroughs in cultivation were as easy as eating and drinking?

"I Am Invincible" didn't care about the astonishment of others at all.

Instead, he stared aggressively at Shen Yurou and asked, "What? Do you think just because I'm at the Foundation Establishment stage now, I can't beat you?"

This statement caused an uproar.

The difference between Foundation Establishment and Nascent Soul was like heaven and earth.

A Nascent Soul True Lord killing an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator was no different from crushing an ant.

However, from the words of "I Am Invincible," although he was at the Foundation Establishment stage, he could defeat a Nascent Soul cultivator?

How could this be possible?

What shocked everyone even more was that Shen Yurou, with his long flowing hair and ambiguous appearance, didn't react aggressively to "I Am Invincible's" provocation.

He just looked at the other party with fear, snorted coldly, and didn't retort.

This was equivalent to directly admitting "I Am Invincible's" statement!

This Nascent Soul cultivator Shen Yurou might really not be a match for the Foundation Establishment cultivator "I Am Invincible"!

The gazes of the various cultivators towards the man in golden armor also changed.

At this moment, Shen Yurou, who lost face, suddenly smiled and said, "Anyone even slightly well-informed in the Jiushan Province knows that you are the beloved child of the mighty Scarlet Snow Immortal Sage. Let alone the Foundation Establishment stage, even if you were at the Qi Condensation stage and stood still for me to attack, I wouldn't dare!"

"If I accidentally injured you, when that person comes looking for our Spirit Element Sect, we wouldn't be able to handle it!"

With this statement, the gazes of the onlookers towards "I Am Invincible" changed again.

They all showed expressions of realization.

Shen Yurou's words seemed to hit "I Am Invincible's" sore spot.

His face immediately darkened, staring at Shen Yurou with intensity.

However, Shen Yurou had no intention of entangling further with him.

Instead, he reached out his hand with a smile, gesturing in a "please" manner.

"I Am Invincible" glanced coldly at the other party, inexplicably choosing not to continue picking a fight.

Instead, he turned and entered the passage.

Just then, a crisp and tender voice suddenly sounded from the crowd, "Wait, wait! I'm with him, let me through!"

Everyone was surprised and looked towards the source of the voice.

They saw a girl in red clothes, only seven or eight years old, shouting as she ran quickly towards "I Am Invincible."

Behind her was a middle-aged man with bronze-colored skin, looking somewhat helpless.

The little girl was naturally Su Xiaomei, and the middle-aged man was Zhang Haobo.

Su Xiaomei ran up to "I Am Invincible" and patted his arm, looking as if she had just made it in time.

"Let's go, let's go!"

She urged "I Am Invincible" with her innocent big eyes.

"I Am Invincible" was a little puzzled at first, looking at this little girl who appeared out of nowhere. He was about to say something.

But his expression changed slightly, and the words he was about to say suddenly changed, "Alright! Let's go!"

He revealed a somewhat playful smile and entered the passage.

Zhang Haobo's expression was solemn as he closely followed.

As they watched them leave, the onlookers speculated about the identity of this little girl.

Shen Yurou's expression also changed constantly, lost in thought.

The mountain pass through Mount Xixi was about seven or eight miles long.

It seemed to have been forcibly carved out of the center of the mountain, and every once in a while, there were Spirit Element Sect cultivators stationed along the way.

"I Am Invincible" didn't ask about Su Xiaomei's origin or intentions, and instead just hurried along silently.

At this moment, Zhang Haobo transmitted his voice to Su Xiaomei, "Xiaomei, what are you trying to do? This person is not easy to provoke. Why do you insist on establishing a relationship with him? Are you really trying to save those two hundred spirit stones?"

Su Xiaomei's footsteps paused, "What spirit stones! Am I so petty? Don't always treat me like a child!"

"Moreover, you're already an adult, why are you so timid?"

"What not easy to provoke... he's at the Foundation Establishment stage, I'm also at the Foundation Establishment stage. What am I afraid of?"

Zhang Haobo felt somewhat speechless at this retort.

Is your Foundation Establishment stage the same as his Foundation Establishment?

However, the rebellious Su Xiaomei not only didn't restrain herself but instead approached and started asking questions.

"Is your name really 'I Am Invincible'? Why is your name so strange?"

"Did you really used to be a Soul Transformation cultivator and then disperse and restart your cultivation?"

"What is it like to become a Soul Transformation cultivator?"

"That armor you were wearing just now was pretty good, is it some kind of treasure?"

...

Zhang Haobo, who was listening from behind, turned a bit pale, afraid that Su Xiaomei might annoy "I Am Invincible" and provoke him into attacking.

However, although "I Am Invincible" didn't answer Su Xiaomei's questions, he didn't get angry either.

There was even a faint trace of a smile on his face.

Zhang Haobo suddenly understood.

He knew that Su Xiaomei's cultivation technique allowed her to perceive the subtlest changes in the emotions of those around her.

Her actions seemed reckless, but in reality, there was no risk involved.

"It seems that Xiaomei has another purpose? Indeed, I shouldn't underestimate her just because of her young age," Zhang Haobo thought to himself.

The three of them continued on their way, with Su Xiaomei constantly chattering.

Soon, they crossed the mountain pass and left the range of Mount Xixi.

At this moment, "I Am Invincible," who had been silent all this time, suddenly stopped.

He turned to look at Su Xiaomei with interest and asked, "Little girl you are quite interesting. We don't know each other, so why do you say we're together?"

Su Xiaomei tilted her head, looking innocent, and said, "We're traveling together now, isn't that considered being together?"

Her mischievous eyes glanced around and she demanded, "You still haven't answered my question!"

"I Am Invincible" chuckled lightly and didn't get angry, "Alright, let me introduce myself first. I am Shuo Feng. 'I Am Invincible' is just a nickname I use when I travel around. What about you, little girl?"

"I'm Su Xiaomei, and the one next to me is Zhang Haobo!" Su Xiaomei answered quickly.

"Su Xiaomei..." repeated Shuo Feng.

Looking at her seriously, he asked, "Su Xiaomei, why are you following me?"

With this statement, Zhang Haobo suddenly became somewhat nervous.

Su Xiaomei, however, remained fearless, her eyes sparkling, and she replied straightforwardly, "Your name is too arrogant!"

"You are invincible?"

"I'm not convinced! I want to fight you!"

This answer was out of Shuo Feng's expectations.

He was stunned for a moment.

Then he burst into laughter.

"Alright! Interesting little girl!"

"Coincidentally, I've been itching for a fight along the way."

"This place is spacious and deserted, how about you and I have a battle here?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 283: Sword Chops Peach Blossoms


Su Xiaomei was excited and eager to try.

However, she didn't move directly.

With a slight turn of her big eyes, she said, "Please!" and then stood still in place.

Shuo Feng, for some reason, also chose not to act.

Instead, he stood still in place, delaying without making a move.

Zhang Haobo looked at the two of them suspiciously, not knowing what they were up to.

After a while, a hint of embarrassment appeared on Shuo Feng's face. "Xiaomei, didn't you say you wanted to fight me? Why aren't you making a move?"

Su Xiaomei replied earnestly, "My brother often teaches me that when traveling outside, one should respect elders and love the young. You are much older than me, so I must let you make the first move and then counterattack!"

Shuo Feng seemed stunned by Su Xiaomei's words for a moment, then solemnly said, "I understand your intentions. But I can barely be considered half an elder to you, so of course, I should yield to the younger generation."

"It's better for you to make the first move!"

"No no no, you should go first..."

"You first!"

...

Zhang Haobo watched the strange scene of the two of them yielding to each other, and his expression couldn't help but become peculiar.

"This Shuo Feng..."

Thinking back to how the other party had constantly provoked Shen Yurou before and became disappointed when Shen Yurou didn't make a move, Zhang Haobo couldn't help but be enlightened.

"Well, it seems that you've figured it out, Xiaomei. The cultivation technique I practice is somewhat special." After a while, seeing that the two of them were still deadlocked, Shuo Feng didn't hide it anymore.

He confessed, "If I'm not being attacked by others, I can't make the first move. So, please go ahead, Xiaomei!"

Su Xiaomei looked somewhat smug as if she had expected this.

But then, she became serious.

A faint red flame appeared on her body, which turned out to be her innate magic treasure, the Fury Spirit Fire.

The air distorted, and Su Xiaomei disappeared from where she stood.

Meanwhile, next to Shuo Feng, at the same time, six identical figures appeared.

They all looked like Su Xiaomei, but each had a different expression on their faces.

Joy, anger, sorrow, fear, thought, and worry.

Furthermore, the flames on their bodies were of different colors.

The six doppelgangers surrounded Shuo Feng, using various close combat techniques and striking with their fists, palms, fingers, legs, elbows, and shoulders.

Surrounded by colorful flames, they were about to strike Shuo Feng.

"Fancy!"

Shuo Feng's voice rang out at this moment.

A white light flashed.

It cut through the air several times.

"Boom!"

In an instant, all six of Su Xiaomei's doppelgangers were instantly hit.

They lingered in the air for a moment, then burst out with air and were sent flying at a terrifying speed.

"That's all..."

Before Shuo Feng finished his sentence, the six flying doppelgangers suddenly disappeared.

They then reappeared next to Shuo Feng.

Furthermore, their speed remained the same.

The only thing that changed was that their direction was now towards Shuo Feng.

Another white light flashed.

The six doppelgangers were once again sent flying.

This time, they were even a step faster than before.

But it was useless.

Just a moment later, Su Xiaomei's doppelgangers, surrounded by intense flames, returned to Shuo Feng at an even faster speed.

What greeted them was still a dazzling white light.

Once again, they were sent flying.

...

The battle continued in a cycle like this.

The speed at which Su Xiaomei's doppelgangers attacked became faster and faster.

The frequency of Shuo Feng's white light also increased.

At this moment, Zhang Haobo, who had been watching for a long time, finally saw through it.

That white light was a sword.

A wooden sword.

Every time the white light appeared, it was the wooden sword.

Using the sword, Shuo Feng lightly tapped the doppelgangers.

"This speed..." Zhang Haobo was deeply shocked.

Seeing Shuo Feng's effortless appearance, it was obvious he hadn't exerted his full strength.

Even so, the displayed strength was still terrifying.

Zhang Haobo imagined himself in Su Xiaomei's position at this moment and thought that he would be defeated in just a few moves.

"However, it seems that Xiaomei hasn't fully exerted her strength either..."

In the center of the battlefield, Shuo Feng seemed to have grown tired of this back-and-forth game.

"Not bad. But it ends here!"

With a serious expression, he switched to using the sword edge this time.

The white light flashed, instantly passing through the six doppelgangers in succession.

Countless silver threads burst open from within the doppelgangers.

In an instant, the doppelgangers were cut into countless pieces.

Scattered all over the ground.

However, neither Zhang Haobo nor Shuo Feng showed any change in expression.

"Hehe!"

"Oooh!"

"Ah!"

...

Various sounds emitted from the fragments.

As if they had their own consciousness, they kept wriggling on the ground, inching towards each other.

After a moment, they reformed into six doppelgangers.

After "resurrecting," their respective expressions seemed to be a bit richer.

"Interesting." Shuo Feng, who was besieged again, finally showed a more serious expression on his face.

Six identical wooden swords suddenly appeared beside him.

They respectively confronted the six doppelgangers of Su Xiaomei.

While blocking the doppelgangers, Shuo Feng swept around as if looking for something.

After a moment, a smile appeared on his face.

In the next moment, Shuo Feng appeared six feet to the left, by a seemingly empty space.

Another wooden sword appeared in his hand, and he lightly flicked it forward.

A hidden figure was suddenly knocked out by Shuo Feng.

However, the smile on Shuo Feng's face disappeared the next moment.

Because the expression on the face of this hidden figure was full of worry.

It wasn't the main body, but the worried doppelganger!

With a single sword, Shuo Feng shattered the doppelganger, then looked back at where the six doppelgangers had just been.

He saw Su Xiaomei, the real one, playfully wink at him.

Shuo Feng remained expressionless, and with six wooden swords, he instantly cut the six bodies in half.

"Where else do you think you can escape to?"

Shuo Feng looked at the seven sets of fragments scattered on the ground, his eyes narrowed.

"Escape? From the very beginning, I've been here."

As if responding to his words, Su Xiaomei's voice sounded behind Shuo Feng.

Her eyes turned crimson, and the fragments scattered across the battlefield suddenly disappeared, returning to her body.

Six different expressions quickly flashed across her face.

Finally, it settled on anger.

Then, her momentum surged, and her innate ability was activated.

The crimson color in her eyes spread, dyeing her hair red.

Eight times her original strength suddenly erupted.

Su Xiaomei fiercely punched Shuo Feng!

However...

A blue light flashed around Shuo Feng's body.

He remained motionless.

His clothes merely fluttered.

Shuo Feng's expression didn't change at all.

However, in his eyes, a sword shadow appeared.

At this moment, Su Xiaomei sighed repeatedly, "I give up! It's boring!"

Shuo Feng's movement paused slightly.

Then he turned around and looked in the direction of Mount Xixi.

For an instant, it seemed like the heavens and earth brightened up a bit.

A sword light flew towards the distance.

"Boom!"

The sound of it hitting something rang out.

A rumbling sound and a muffled groan came faintly.

Watching the few peach blossom petals slowly falling in the distance, Shuo Feng snorted coldly, closed his eyes, and sheathed his sword.

...

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan, who had witnessed the entire battle, couldn't help but praise.

"Good sword technique!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 284: The Secret Chamber of Ningyuan


Since Shen Yurou called out the name "I Am Invincible," Li Fan's attention shifted to Su Xiaomei.

He didn't expect to encounter "I Am Invincible," who had appeared in "Discussing Dao While Seated."

Naturally, Li Fan became interested.

Ever since he left a message about being able to defeat Zhang Qianmo soon, he had disappeared.

He didn't reappear before Zhang Qianmo was defeated by Zhong Shentong.

Li Fan originally thought he had perished.

But unexpectedly, he was alive and well.

"Why hasn't he challenged Zhang Qianmo since then?"

Li Fan checked the battle records of the "Discussing Dao While Seated," feeling somewhat puzzled.

He didn't seem like someone who would boast emptily.

Moreover.

Li Fan opened the battle records of "I Am Invincible" Shuo Feng's previous matches with Zhang Qianmo.

In his previous battles, Shuo Feng also used flying swords, but it was a set of eighty-one shiny golden swords.

It was a far cry from the wooden sword he was using now.

"Did he maintain his strength, or..."

"Did he... retrain?"

Having cultivated the Sea Fixing Sword Technique and mastered the Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords, Li Fan had some understanding of swordsmanship.

Comparing Shuo Feng's battles with Zhang Qianmo and Su Xiaomei, Li Fan concluded that the power of the wooden sword now far surpassed that of the previous set of golden light swords.

"This wooden sword seems to be a Heavenly Treasure?"

"And its grade..."

Without seeing the wooden sword fully unleash its power, Li Fan couldn't rashly conclude.

However, it should be certain that it exceeded the category of ordinary treasures.

"Earthly Treasure?"

Li Fan's heart stirred slightly.

Fortunately, Su Xiaomei was also very curious about this wooden sword.

She launched a continuous barrage of questions at Shuo Feng.

"Uncle, your wooden sword just now was quite powerful, can you lend me it so I can take a look at it?"

"Is it the same as that armor you're wearing on your body, some kind of magic treasure?"

"You're still wearing armor in a fight, that's too unfair."

"I went all out, and the armor didn't even break! You're really bullying me!"

...

Shuo Feng also had a bit of a headache with this mischievous child.

He pushed Su Xiaomei, who was about to cling to him, away and replied, "This is my Foundation Treasure, 'Sword.'"

"It is not to be shown to anyone except in battle."

"As for the golden armor on my body..." Shuo Feng patted his clothes and looked somewhat helpless.

"It was custom-made for me by my mother, the Scarlet Snow Immortal Sage. Let alone your Foundation Establishment cultivation, even that Nascent Soul cultivator, Shen Yurou, wouldn't necessarily be able to break through its defense."

Su Xiaomei widened her eyes at his words and reached out her little hand to touch Shuo Feng's blue clothes, full of envy.

Then she shook her head, "Wearing this, who would fight with you? It's so boring!"

Shuo Feng also sighed, "It's difficult to go against my mother's wishes. Along the way, only cultivators like you, who don't know my background, would spar with me."

"Someone like Shen Yurou, even if I provoke him with words, wouldn't take the initiative to attack."

Su Xiaomei couldn't help but ask, "What's the deal with your cultivation technique? Why is it so strange? You can't even take the initiative to attack? That's so meaningless!"

Shuo Feng wore a look of "you wouldn't understand" and smiled without answering.

Su Xiaomei continued to pester for a while, but seeing that Shuo Feng still didn't seem inclined to answer, she could only pout and give up.

"It's always you asking me questions. Now it's my turn to ask. Which family's descendant are you?" Shuo Feng asked with a smile.

"I'm not telling you!" Su Xiaomei gave him a disdainful look and coldly snorted.

Shuo Feng fell silent.

Zhang Haobo on the side also remained silent, appearing indifferent to the conversation.

Shuo Feng had no choice but to ask again, "Then let me guess. You two are definitely not locals of Jiushan Province, right? This time, you must be here for the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect?"

Su Xiaomei snorted again, this time tacitly agreeing.

Shuo Feng asked, "Coincidentally, my destination is also there. Shall we go together?"

Su Xiaomei looked up at Shuo Feng.

"Then let's go!" she said.

Then she flew ahead.

Shuo Feng smiled and shook his head inwardly.

Then he followed along at a leisurely pace.

Just like that, the team heading for the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect went from two people to three.

There were many squabbles along the way.

Occasionally, Xiaomei and Shuo Feng would spar again.

Jiushan Province was vast.

It would take some time to reach their destination.

Meanwhile, while Shuo Feng and his group were on the way, after several months, Li Fan felt a sensation in his heart, indicating that he could once again enter the Fallen Immortal Realm.

"Blessings bestowed by the Celestial Sovereign of Xuanhuang!"

With the ceremony activated, Li Fan once again arrived outside Ningyuan City.

This time, Li Fan chose to use the same excuse as last time.

He persuaded Zhang Qianmo to sneak into the city secretly and then act separately to gather information.

Li Fan's target this time was clear.

He casually borrowed some silver from a wealthy merchant in the city and began to inquire about "Mr. Bai."

It is said that money makes the devil work.

What puzzled Li Fan was that despite spending a lot of money, he couldn't get any useful information about "Mr. Bai."

It seemed that there was no such person in the city.

Li Fan had to change his approach and started asking about any exceptionally handsome young men in the city.

Under the strange gazes of the residents, Li Fan collected information about three candidates who fit the criteria.

The first two were ruled out by Li Fan after meeting with them.

They were just ordinary people who happened to be good-looking.

Only the last one remained.

Li Fan arrived at the target's door.

A secluded and dilapidated courtyard.

According to the descriptions of the residents, the owner of the courtyard was a young man who appeared somewhat frail.

This young man was not a local.

He arrived in Ningyuan two years ago with a group of refugees fleeing disaster.

He bought this courtyard with the little silver he had left and settled down here.

The young man usually kept a low profile and rarely showed himself.

It was said that he wrote excellent calligraphy and made a living by teaching in the city's wealthy households.

Despite his frail appearance, everyone who had seen him praised his handsome appearance.

...

Information about the young man flashed through Li Fan's mind.

Not sensing any signs of life inside, Li Fan flashed into the courtyard.

A cursory sweep of his spiritual consciousness found nothing unusual.

However, Li Fan knew that Mr. Bai's house had a stone statue made of Absolute Immortal Stone, which could shield against spiritual consciousness perception.

Without giving up, Li Fan pushed open each door one by one and carefully inspected the rooms.

When he came to a room on the west side of the courtyard, which seemed to be a storage room, Li Fan's footsteps paused slightly.

Pushing aside the miscellaneous items on the ground, Li Fan lifted a thin stone slab on the ground.

Beneath it was a dark hole.

"A slab made of Absolute Immortal Stone..."

"This must be it!"

A faint smile appeared on Li Fan's lips as he flew into the underground chamber.

Upon landing, a faint smell of blood wafted over him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 285: Capturing Zhang Qianmo


The underground chamber below was unlit and pitch black.

However, under Li Fan's spiritual consciousness, the interior was clear as day.

He flicked out a wisp of fire from his hand, igniting the candles that were already there.

As the candlelight flickered, Li Fan's expression gradually became serious.

In this small but not cramped space, a faceless stone statue stood against the wall.

In the middle was a long, dark brown wooden table.

On the table, faint traces of dried blood could be seen.

At the corner of the table, there was a wooden box.

Li Fan opened the box and found inside it hammers, knives, nails, needles, and other tools of unknown use.

Along the walls were many transparent earthen jars.

Inside the jars, various strange-shaped organs were soaking in an unknown liquid.

In one corner, Li Fan also saw several sets of skeletal remains of young humanoids.

"Mr. Bai..."

Li Fan's expression was inexplicable as he continued to search the chamber.

In another corner of the wall, he found traces on the ground that were a little different from the rest.

His spiritual consciousness delved deeper underground.

There lay buried one, two...

Twenty-eight sets of skeletons.

Judging from their appearance, they were all beings similar to the "dogs" in the small temple, half-human and half-beast.

Apart from this, there was nothing else of value in the chamber.

Without rushing into action, Li Fan began to contemplate on the spot.

From the various items found in this secret chamber, it seemed that Mr. Bai's image as the "kindest person in the world" was being challenged.

But...

It couldn't be completely overturned yet.

While he was still just an ordinary mortal in Grand Xuan, he had judged countless cases.

Some of the cases that seemed straightforward often had hidden secrets.

Take the scene before him, for example.

It was possible that Mr. Bai was disguising himself very well.

On the surface, he appeared very kind, but in reality, he was an extremely evil person.

The buried skeletons were all victims of his hand.

Even the existence of the human-beast hybrids in Ningyuan City was caused by his proficiency in medicine.

And rescuing the orphans in the small temple was also for the convenience of selecting research subjects.

But it was also possible that Mr. Bai was not disguising himself.

The specimens and skeletons in the secret chamber were only used by him for medical research.

As someone who had transmigrated, Li Fan found this acceptable.

But it might be too shocking for the people of Ningyuan City.

He might have hidden in this underground chamber because it would be difficult for ordinary people to understand.

Both of these possibilities existed.

To determine the truth, Li Fan needed to verify it himself.

At present, it was almost certain that the owner of this space-time was "Mr. Bai" whom he had never met before.

Li Fan decided not to change his previous plan and first attempted to resolve the Longevity Fruit harvesting incident without harming any mortals.

After making up his mind, Li Fan focused his gaze on the somewhat broken stone statue.

It seemed that a long time had passed since the stone statue was born.

It bore the marks of time, no longer possessing its past sanctity.

The faceless face quietly met Li Fan's gaze.

"Such a large piece of stone is enough to create two or three sets of Absolute Immortal Stone nails."

Li Fan thought to himself.

He glanced at the wooden box in the middle, feeling quite satisfied.

"Hmm, very good, even the tools are prepared for me."

Without hesitation, Li Fan used his spiritual consciousness to manipulate the hammers, nails, knives, and other tools.

Clang clang clang.

Before long, dozens of slender Absolute Immortal Stone nails were crafted and placed one by one on the long table in the underground chamber.

"Next, I need to try whether the 'Immortal Spirit Sealing' technique can restrain Senior Brother Zhang."

"If it works..."

"Chu Liang and the others are just small fry. I can easily capture them with my Insect Binding Technique."

"As for Song Hesong, I can also handle him in the same way, using Absolute Immortal Stone needles to subdue him."

"Ah, this Absolute Immortal Stone can't be stored in my storage ring. I'll need to lure them here."

After some thought, Li Fan returned to the surface and placed the Absolute Immortal Stone slab into the underground chamber.

Then, he sent a message to Senior Brother Zhang.

"Senior Brother, come quickly, I've made a major discovery!"

Li Fan then returned to the underground chamber, extinguished the candles, and waited quietly for Senior Brother Zhang to arrive.

After a while, Zhang Qianmo's voice came from above, "Huh? Junior Brother, what did you find in this secret chamber?"

"So many skeletons..."

"Huh? Beast skeletons!?"

Upon noticing the beast skeletons in the secret chamber, Zhang Qianmo's tone instantly became heavy.

A hint of anger was evident.

He descended into the underground chamber.

"Senior Brother, look, there are not only many strange-looking skeletons here but also a mysterious stone statue."

"I wonder what its origin is."

In the darkness, Li Fan approached Zhang Qianmo slowly and pointed to the dilapidated stone statue.

As his spiritual consciousness couldn't scan the scene, Zhang Qianmo only noticed the faceless stone statue not far away when a ray of light came in from above.

His mind shook violently, and he exclaimed, "Xuantian Statue?"

Right at that moment, behind him, Li Fan suddenly thrust a slender stone needle into the position on his back corresponding to the dantian.

It pierced right through his body.

Zhang Qianmo let out a muffled grunt.

He hadn't expected his junior brother to secretly attack him.

Zhang Qianmo seemed to realize something, his expression changing drastically, and he turned around to counterattack.

However, the spiritual energy in his dantian stagnated for a moment, and his attempt to unleash the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique was delayed.

In that instant, another stone needle fiercely pierced into his chest, through the danzhong acupoint.

Then, one after another.

A total of thirty-six Absolute Immortal Stone needles sealed all the vital acupoints around Zhang Qianmo's body.

His overall aura plummeted, and the Foundation Establishment cultivator now seemed as weak as an ordinary person.

"Immortal Spirit Sealing..."

"The remnants of the Xuantian Sect..."

Although captured, Zhang Qianmo's face showed little panic.

Instead, he stared at Li Fan and exclaimed with hatred, "You are not Junior Brother Li Chen!"

"What have you done to my junior brother?"

Li Fan hadn't expected the Absolute Immortal Stone needles to be so effective, easily subduing Senior Brother Zhang.

When he heard that he had been mistaken for some "remnant of the Xuantian Sect," Li Fan's heart was slightly moved.

Although he remained calm on the surface, he replied casually, "Senior brother, you seem confused. You can't even recognize me, your junior brother?"

Then, he recounted some memories from Li Chen that were only known to the two of them.

Zhang Qianmo's expression kept changing, filled with suspicion.

"Has my junior brother been soul searched? No, with the protection of the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder, he wouldn't fear soul-searching techniques..."

"Could it be..."

Zhang Qianmo's face darkened completely.

"I didn't expect you, my junior brother, to be a spy from the Xuantian Sect who infiltrated our Purple Heaven Sect from childhood?"

Li Fan was dumbfounded.

However, he noticed that Zhang Qianmo seemed confident and wasn't worried about his own situation.

Instead, he seemed to want to fish for information using this opportunity.

So, Li Fan decided to play along and cooperate with the act.

"Senior brother, you're kidding. I have no idea about any Xuantian Sect," Li Fan shrugged innocently.

"Have no idea?"

Zhang Qianmo sneered coldly.

"At this point, stop pretending."

"Hiding the Xuantian Statue, engaging in shady activities."

"Besides the remnants of the Xuantian Sect, who else could it be?"

"You've hidden yourself well over the years, Junior Brother."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 286: Purple Core Rebirth Technique


Facing Zhang Qianmo's questioning, Li Fan just smiled without answering.

"I never expected that the former number one sect in the world would now fall to the level of associating with demonic beasts."

A hint of disdain flashed across Zhang Qianmo's face. "It seems that the efforts of the Ten Great Immortal Sects over the years have not been in vain."

Li Fan's expression remained unchanged, speaking calmly, "Senior Brother Zhang, some things in this world are not as simple as they appear on the surface."

"If I were to say that I have no connection whatsoever with the so-called Xuantian Sect, would you believe me?"

Zhang Qianmo looked at Li Fan as if he were an idiot, with an expression that seemed to say, "Do you think I would believe that?" He snorted coldly but said nothing.

Li Fan smiled and didn't dwell on the question further.

Observing Zhang Qianmo and reviewing Li Chen's memories, he discovered some interesting details that he hadn't noticed before.

After pondering silently for a moment, he tentatively spoke, "The Xuantian Sect, huh? That's something from many years ago. The Ten Great Immortal Sects consider it taboo. Since I joined the Purple Heaven Sect all these years, I've never heard any news about the Xuantian Sect."

"Senior Brother, you're not much older than me. How do you know so much about these secrets?"

Zhang Qianmo's expression changed slightly, but he still didn't answer.

Seeing his speculation confirmed, Li Fan continued, "I've always felt that our Master and Senior Uncle's attitude toward you was a bit strange before."

"I used to think it was because your talent was exceptional."

"Now that I think about it..."

Li Fan smiled.

Zhang Qianmo's face gradually darkened.

"Moreover, although we are brothers, your mastery of techniques and spells far surpasses mine!"

"Especially your Purple Core Rebirth Technique..."

When Li Fan mentioned this, Zhang Qianmo's expression finally changed completely.

He stared deeply at Li Fan as if trying to remember him forever.

In an instant, the aura that had already weakened to that of an ordinary person was rapidly disappearing.

Li Fan was somewhat astonished and hurriedly approached to check, but it was already too late.

By the time he reached Zhang Qianmo's side, Senior Brother Zhang had completely lost his breath of life.

"False death?"

"Rebirth?"

Li Fan remained cautious as he investigated.

After a long time, Li Fan stood up and stroked his chin.

The result was somewhat unexpected.

Zhang Qianmo had actually died.

Moreover, unlike before, he didn't undergo rebirth from his purple core but instead completely perished.

If they were in the real world, there should have been signs of a death announcement above.

"A secret method that can still allow suicide even with the vital acupoints sealed... knowledge of ancient secrets, subtly different status within the sect..."

"Although only at the Foundation Establishment stage, he has ambitions that defy the heavens. His vision is terrifyingly broad..."

Li Fan pondered, sighing, "It seems that this Senior Brother Zhang has another identity."

"Unfortunately..."

As a precaution, instead of removing the Absolute Immortal Stone needles, he searched directly through Zhang Qianmo's corpse.

Apart from a storage ring, there were no other valuable items.

When he tried to probe into the ring with his spiritual consciousness, purple electricity flashed and blocked him from entry.

"It seems there's a restriction that can't be broken." Despite trying more than ten times, Li Fan couldn't succeed, feeling somewhat regretful.

"Well, it doesn't matter, since I can't take it back to reality anyway."

Li Fan decided to give up directly.

"Senior Brother Zhang has been taken care of. Next, it's that Steward Song's turn."

After some thought, Li Fan dug a hole in the secret chamber and buried Zhang Qianmo's body.

Then he used that Absolute Immortal Stone slab to cover it.

Afterward, he headed straight to the central area of the city towards the Tree of Everlasting Life.

As he was about to approach, he released his own aura.

"Which senior brother is coming?!" Song Hesong's surprised voice came.

Soon, a figure in a gray Daoist robe arrived in front of Li Fan.

"So it's Senior Brother Li in person!"

Li Fan didn't exchange pleasantries with him but directly said in a cold voice, "Steward Song, you're managing Ningyuan City quite well!"

Song Hesong was intimidated by Li Fan's aggressive attitude, thinking that his ambush had been exposed.

He instinctively wanted to take action.

But he held back and asked tentatively, "Senior Brother, what do you mean by this?"

Li Fan snorted, "Senior Brother Zhang and I found some taboo items in the city. If these things were exposed in the territory of our Purple Heaven Sect, let alone a mere steward like you, I'm afraid the sect would be implicated."

"Taboo items?" Song Hesong couldn't help but feel confused.

Wearing a panicked and ignorant look, Song Hesong asked, "What exactly are these things that violate such a taboo? Please enlighten me, Senior Brother!"

Li Fan turned and flew towards Mr. Bai's courtyard.

"Follow me!"

Watching Li Fan's departing figure, Song Hesong hesitated for a moment.

With a sweep of his spiritual consciousness, he confirmed that Chu Liang and the others were still waiting at the planned location, without any mishaps.

Relying on his Golden Core cultivation, Song Hesong followed without fear.

Soon, they arrived at the entrance of the underground chamber.

Li Fan's surprised voice came from below, "Huh? Where's Senior Brother Zhang?"

Song Hesong scanned with his spiritual consciousness, found no ambush, and followed suit into the chamber.

After seeing the broken and faceless stone statue standing in the secret chamber, he was slightly taken aback.

Because this stone statue was completely beyond the perception of his spiritual consciousness.

"Could it be that the taboo item Senior Brother mentioned is this stone statue?" Song Hesong couldn't help but ask.

Li Fan nodded and approached, "That's right, it's this Xuantian Statue!"

"Xuantian Statue..." Steward Song furrowed his brows slightly as if he had heard the name long ago.

After a moment, he seemed to recall something; his body trembled slightly, and his pupils contracted.

Suddenly, he looked back at the faceless stone statue.

At that moment...

"Pfft!"

A stone needle ruthlessly pierced from behind, piercing his dantian.

Filled with horror, as he was about to retaliate, his spiritual energy stagnated.

What awaited him next were thirty-five more Absolute Immortal Stone needles.

With all his vital acupoints sealed, Song Hesong collapsed to the ground.

A wave of regret surged in his mind, but there was still a glimmer of hope. He struggled to ask, "Senior Brother, what is the meaning of this? I truly didn't know about this Xuantian Statue hidden in the city."

"Although I am guilty of negligence, it doesn't warrant this..."

Li Fan's words mercilessly interrupted him, plunging his heart into despair.

"What if we add colluding with outsiders and plotting betrayal? A Golden Core cultivator disguised as a Qi Condensation cultivator, you've really been wronged!"

Song Hesong's face turned extremely pale.

He wanted to struggle one last time, but it was futile.

Step by step, Li Fan approached, "Let me see what you really know."

Seeing every subtle change in Song Hesong's expression, Li Fan's face revealed a somewhat eerie smile.

Song Hesong watched as Li Fan took out tools such as hammers, knives, and nails from the wooden box one by one, laying them out on the table in a leisurely manner.

Cold sweat dripped down his forehead.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 287: Mirror For Eternal Life


Half a day later, Li Fan similarly buried Song Hesong's body, recalling the information he obtained from him about the "Xuantian Sect."

Over two hundred years ago, Song Hesong joined the Purple Heaven Sect as a child.

At that time, an unexpected visitor arrived during the Purple Heaven Sect's centennial celebration.

The visitor's status was so noble that even the sect leader had to personally receive him.

He was an inspector from the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

This inspector didn't show much respect to the sect leader and bluntly stated that they had received reports of wanted criminals hiding within the Purple Heaven Sect and needed to thoroughly investigate.

Although the Purple Heaven Sect felt embarrassed, they had to cooperate with the investigation under the authority of the inspector representing the will of the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

Nobody knew who the criminals were at that time, but the intensity of the search was severe, with every disciple of the Purple Heaven Sect being interrogated one by one.

Even Song Hesong, who had just joined as a menial laborer, was not spared.

The final outcome was unclear to Song Hesong.

However, after the inspector left, rumors began to circulate within the sect.

A true disciple of the Purple Heaven Sect had inexplicably disappeared.

Many suspected that this true disciple was the wanted criminal.

Although there were rules within the sect prohibiting such groundless rumors, the truth eventually came to light.

As time passed, the secrecy surrounding the events of that year gradually diminished.

When Song Hesong took up the position of steward in Ningyuan City, his predecessor solemnly warned him to beware of remnants of the Xuantian Sect.

Curious, Song Hesong inquired and learned that the true disciple who had been taken away was a spy from the Xuantian Sect who had secretly infiltrated the Purple Heaven Sect.

"Xuantian Sect, the former number one sect in the world."

"Its dominance was unrivaled, and all other sects had to bow to it."

"Later, it was subverted by a coalition of the Ten Great Immortal Sects. It was in that battle of annihilation that the Ten Great Immortal Sects established their leadership."

"However, although the Xuantian Sect was destroyed overnight, there were still remnants hidden in the world."

"In order to prevent any possibility of the Xuantian Sect rising from the ashes, the Ten Great Immortal Sects issued a kill order. Anyone with even the slightest connection to the Xuantian Sect would be killed without mercy."

"Even though the coalition of the Ten Great Immortal Sects had already been established, they still feared the remnants of the Xuantian Sect. This was because..."

A strange light flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

"The whereabouts of the most precious treasure of the Xuantian Sect were unknown during the battle to destroy the sect."

"And this treasure is called..."

"Xuantian Mirror."

"Xuantian Mirror." Li Fan repeated silently once more in his mind.

"This mirror is the most precious treasure of heaven and earth, with infinite uses. The Ten Great Immortal Sects even offered a reward: anyone who possesses this mirror can exchange it for eternal life."

"..."

"Unfortunately, after so many years, the remnants of the Xuantian Sect have been almost wiped out."

"But the whereabouts of the Xuantian Mirror are still uncertain."

Li Fan slowly digested the information obtained from Song Hesong.

"Could Mr. Bai be a member of the Xuantian Sect?"

"Possibly, but it's not certain."

"But the Xuantian Mirror should be the Tianxuan Mirror in the present. I wonder why the order of the characters 'Xuan' and 'Tian' have been switched."

"Especially since the Ten Great Immortal Sects have already been destroyed, so there's no need to cover it up."

"Even if they wanted to conceal its origins, they could have completely changed the name to something new. There's no need to be so perfunctory."

"Could there be any deeper meaning behind this?"

"Was the founding of the New Law by the Immortal Ancestor intended to subvert the Ten Great Immortal Sects and avenge the destruction of the Xuantian Sect?"

Li Fan was not yet sure.

However, he had taken a step closer to the truth of the cultivation world.

After a long time, Li Fan suppressed his surging thoughts.

"The two key figures have been dealt with. Next up are some insignificant lackeys."

Without hesitation, Li Chen's body broke down, revealing Li Fan's original appearance.

Li Fan quietly approached Chu Liang and the others.

In a single glance, without a word, he unleashed the Insect Binding Technique.

Within the span of a cup of tea, Li Fan successfully captured all four of the ambushers.

At this point, apart from Li Fan, there were no more cultivators left in Ningyuan City.

The incident was finally resolved without any casualties among the mortals.

"I hope this is the last time I come here."

"Mr. Bai, don't let me down."

Li Fan thought secretly.

Without wandering around anymore, he quietly stood in the air above Ningyuan City, waiting for the time limit to arrive.

After a long time, the surrounding scenery slowly began to blur.

Li Fan's expression moved, and he looked downward.

He saw a slender figure in green standing on the street whose face could not be seen.

Beside him was a mortal woman, dressed in an elegant pink dress, whose face was also unclear.

"So that's how it is..."

As Li Fan was contemplating, the surroundings suddenly disappeared.

In its place, another scene emerged.

On a vast ruin, only a figure in green remained, standing there in confusion.

One could vaguely see his hands covered in bloodstains as if he had tried to excavate something from the ruins earlier.

"Is this the original history?"

The scene went black.

Li Fan felt a wave of dizziness, and the next moment, he returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

Feeling somewhat groggy, Li Fan carefully contemplated. Surprisingly, there were two gains from this experience.

One was the "Purple Heaven Profound Intent," a secret technique to cleanse the soul and purify the mind from the "Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique."

"Senior Brother Zhang, could it be that your suicide is also your obsession?"

Thinking of this, Li Fan's expression became somewhat strange.

"But it's just as well, and it saves me the effort of seeking another method for soul cleansing."

"I have already mastered three secret techniques of the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Technique: the Purple Heaven Soul Observation Technique, the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder Escape, and now the Purple Heaven Profound Intent. Unfortunately, I have no chance of obtaining the fundamental technique. It's unlikely that I'll have the opportunity to complete them in the future."

As for the second gain from this trip to the Fallen Immortal Realm...

Li Fan's mind settled.

In his sea of consciousness, three emerald-green, crystalline fruits lay quietly.

Just the aura emanating from them made Li Fan feel rejuvenated as if he had become much younger.

"Longevity Fruits."

"Each one extends life by three hundred years."

"This is the reward for resolving Mr. Bai's obsession."

Suppressing the urge to consume them himself, Li Fan looked away from the crystal-clear fruits.

"For me, three hundred years of lifespan is just one reincarnation."

"But for other cultivators, it's almost priceless."

"Instead of consuming them myself, it's better to maximize their value and exchange them for something more useful."

"However, what exactly to exchange them for will require further planning."

For now, he temporarily set aside this matter.

After hesitating for a moment, Li Fan ultimately gave up the idea of searching for information related to the Xuantian Sect and the Xuantian Mirror.

It was certain that there would be no results.

If he were to forcefully search and inadvertently attract the attention of certain entities, he would likely be forced to reincarnate.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 288: Yin Yin Island


"Judging by this harvest, Mr. Bai is undoubtedly the origin of the Ningyuan City space-time."

"With his obsession thoroughly resolved this time, the next time I enter the Fallen Immortal Realm, I'll likely be in a different place."

"I wonder what encounters await me next time."

Li Fan had realized that being trapped in the same spacetime in the Fallen Immortal Realm was actually a rare opportunity.

If there was only one attempt, without being able to repeatedly explore and uncover the various clues hidden in the timeline, it would be extremely difficult to gain such a wealth of rewards.

Of course, the prerequisite was that one was able to escape from the trap of endless reincarnation.

As for how to escape, one would only need to fully understand the spacetime to know.

Feeling a slight sensation in his heart, Li Fan frowned.

Perhaps due to having two gains this time, the time restriction for entering had almost doubled.

He felt that the restriction would not disappear until about a year later.

"Good things come to those who wait. I can only be patient." Li Fan sighed inwardly.

...

The deserted island.

Since Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo left, Xiao Heng seemed to have been stimulated somehow, and he became even more diligent in his cultivation.

The bottleneck that had troubled him for a long time finally dissipated not long ago, and he could advance to Golden Core at any time.

With an intuition in his heart, he went to the central area of the Cong Yun Sea to seek his own opportunities.

The Yin sisters also reached the Qi Condensation perfection stage at the same time. They obtained the Human Treasures "Gathering Treasure Cloth" and "Divine Escape Needle" from the White Bone Realm and began their secluded cultivation to establish their foundation.

Only Su Changyu had still not established his foundation.

He had only just broken through to late stage Qi Condensation.

Establishing the foundation seemed distant and unattainable.

For a while, even with Su Changyu's calm temperament, he couldn't help but become somewhat lost.

"When Xiaomei and Xiao Heng and the others come back, they should have all stepped into Golden Core."

"I'm still lingering in the Qi Condensation stage."

"As time goes on, the gap between me and them will only widen."

Su Changyu stood on the beach, watching the ebb and flow of the tide, feeling a bit bitter in his heart.

He was not a saint.

The people around him were all exceptionally talented individuals.

How could he not feel pressured when he was with them all day long?

In the past, he had always kept these frustrations to himself and never shared them with anyone.

Now that the familiar people around him had suddenly disappeared, and even the Yin sisters who joined the deserted island later than him were about to establish their foundation ahead of him.

Su Changyu finally couldn't help but let his guard down a bit.

After all, he was just an ordinary young man.

Feeling troubled, he couldn't even muster the energy to cultivate.

For the first time, Su Changyu flew away from the deserted island aimlessly.

Along the way, when he encountered other cultivators, he subconsciously avoided them.

In this way, he didn't know how long had passed.

When he came back to his senses, he had unknowingly arrived near another deserted island.

The island was not large, with no vegetation on it.

There was only a square black stone building towering over it.

Seeing that there seemed to be someone living on this island, in order to avoid misunderstanding, Su Changyu was prepared to avoid it from afar.

Just as he was about to move away, flames suddenly burst out from the black stone building on the island.

Furthermore, faint cries for help accompanied it.

After hesitating for a moment, Su Changyu ultimately landed and rushed into the square building.

Inside the building, there were transparent cages distributed all over.

Inside were strange and eerie creatures.

A two-headed giant python, a sheep-headed sea turtle, a giant disk of water maggots, a bizarre species composed of six heads and hands, and so on.

For some reason, all these creatures had lost their vitality.

Only their corpses lay quietly in the cages.

Su Changyu's expression turned solemn. He remained vigilant and continued to venture deeper.

As he went further inside, he arrived at a huge rectangular transparent cage.

There were four small cages on each side connected to this rectangular cage.

Each of these four cages contained several raggedly dressed mortals.

Some had already died, while others were still struggling to survive.

The raging fire began to spread from the central giant cage to the surrounding area.

The cries for help that Su Changyu just heard came from these mortals.

Seeing this, Su Changyu performed a water control technique, intending to extinguish the fire.

But this fire was not an ordinary fire.

Instead of extinguishing, it burned even more vigorously when it met water.

Su Changyu's expression changed. While manipulating the water, he also released his spiritual energy.

This temporarily restrained the surging flames, but he couldn't extinguish them completely.

Before long, Su Changyu began to struggle.

His output of spiritual energy became weaker and weaker, while the flames became stronger.

Seeing an immortal trying to save them, the mortals in the cages had hope and began to kowtow to Su Changyu.

Su Changyu gritted his teeth and persisted.

Just before his spiritual energy was depleted, two strange voices sounded at the same time.

"Why? Why would you, an immortal, want to save these mortals?"

"Why? Why would you, an immortal, want to save these mortals?"

...

Su Changyu was suddenly startled. Following the voices, he saw a white-haired, somewhat old-looking cultivator who had appeared behind him at some point.

Staring at Su Changyu somewhat deranged, he muttered.

Su Changyu didn't know how to respond for a moment.

He had left Dali only a little over ten years ago.

During this time, he had been living on the deserted island with his relatives and friends.

He hadn't thought much about the difference between immortals and mortals.

When he saw people in need of help, it was his instinct to lend a hand.

Seeing Su Changyu's embarrassed look, the man sneered.

With a wave of his hand, the blazing flames disappeared in an instant.

Su Changyu breathed a sigh of relief.

"Follow me."

"Follow me."

Two voices sounded simultaneously once again.

A door beside them suddenly opened, and Su Changyu followed him inside.

The chaotic scene inside surprised him.

It seemed as if it had been deliberately destroyed by someone, with broken bones and fragments scattered all over the floor.

There were human bones as well as those of some strange creatures.

Even in the middle of the corridor, there was a terrifying little dog with human limbs and eyes all over its belly.

The white-haired cultivator didn't seem to care about this.

He casually swept these things aside and cleared a path.

Su Changyu followed cautiously.

At the end of the passage was a staircase leading downward.

The man glanced back at Su Changyu and inexplicably smiled, as if indicating for Su Changyu to follow.

Then he descended slowly.

The atmosphere was eerie. Su Changyu took a deep breath and, after some thought, decided to walk down the stairs.

After his eyes adjusted to the darkness below, when he saw the surroundings clearly, a chill surged into Su Changyu's heart.

The place wasn't spacious, but it was densely packed with hundreds of corpses.

Most of these corpses were so broken that they resembled torn rag dolls.

Various body parts were scattered irregularly on the ground, creating a horrifying scene akin to hell.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 289: Obtaining a Foundation Establishment Technique


What frightened Su Changyu even more was that the faces of the corpses on the ground were exactly the same as that white-haired cultivator from before!

It was as if all these corpses were his own!

Despite considering himself more firm-minded than ordinary people, Su Changyu couldn't help but break out in a cold sweat at this eerie scene.

"Hee hee, don't be so nervous. They're just dead bodies, what is there to fear?"

"You should know, the living are much more terrifying than the dead."

The white-haired cultivator said sinisterly.

With a slight gesture, a set of tables and chairs rose from the ground.

"Sit down and enjoy the show."

"It's been many years since anyone has been here."

After the initial horror due to the strange double voice and the horrifying scenes around him, Su Changyu gradually adapted.

Calming his mind, he sat down steadily.

"I wonder how should I address you, senior?"

After sitting down and seeing the white-haired cultivator just staring blankly at his surroundings, Su Changyu couldn't help but ask.

"I am called Master Yin."

"Hehe, people call me Master Yin."

Master Yin chuckled self-deprecatingly.

"Nice to meet you, Master Yin. I am Su Changyu."

Su Changyu introduced himself calmly.

At this moment, Master Yin suddenly turned around and carefully examined Su Changyu.

After a long time, he looked away.

"Huh, it seems there's fate at work..."

Master Yin muttered under his breath.

Su Changyu listened but didn't understand.

After a while, Master Yin spoke again, "You encountered a bottleneck in cultivation and were guided here by the intuition in your heart, right?"

"A bottleneck?" Su Changyu was surprised. He had only just reached the late Qi Condensation stage.

Just as he was about to deny it, Master Yin continued, "Haha, I'm used to it. Every few years, a cultivator is guided here."

"Every time someone comes, I have to repeat the same thing. I'm tired of it."

"When immortals fight, mortals suffer. It's so annoying..."

Su Changyu frowned slightly. Master Yin seemed a bit crazy, and what he said was hard to understand.

"Anyway, I'll repeat it once more."

Master Yin sat down as well and said, "The so-called foundation establishment forms the foundation of cultivation. Do you know what this foundation is?"

...

"I used myself as a Heavenly Treasure to establish my foundation!"

His body split in two, revealing another face within his internal organs.

Two faces, inside and outside, spoke in unison.

The explanation ended with two eerie smiles

Su Changyu was first shocked by the horrifying scene before him, but then, watching Master Yin return to normal, he slowly sat back down.

"Establish my foundation with myself..." Su Changyu's eyes showed a strange expression.

"So? Are you interested?" Master Yin asked with a smile.

"Your foundation perfectly overlaps with yourself, and all spells and techniques are returned to oneself."

"From now on, no matter what techniques or secrets, you will master them instantly."

"Defeating peerless geniuses, stepping on hidden grandmasters..."

"Why not take action now?"

Master Yin looked at Su Changyu with a somewhat crazy look, full of temptation.

Su Changyu, however, kept his composure and remained calm. "Then, dare I ask senior, what is the price?"

"If everyone could easily 'establish their foundation with themselves', wouldn't geniuses be everywhere?"

"If everyone is a genius, then there's no distinction between mediocrity and genius."

Master Yin chuckled foolishly and pointed to the hundreds of corpses on the ground. "These are the price!"

Su Changyu didn't understand, so he remained silent.

"After dissecting hundreds of 'myself' and gaining enough confidence."

"Only then did I begin to 'establish the foundation with myself.'"

"Even so, I'm still a hair short of perfect success."

"Ordinary cultivators who attempt to 'establish their foundation with themselves' are just courting death."

Master Yin explained with a cold smile.

"The human body is so exquisite and complex."

"How could ordinary people fully understand themselves and establish their foundation with themselves?"

"Being able to achieve this without relying on external forces requires rare talent."

Upon hearing this, Su Changyu suddenly understood.

He couldn't help feeling a bit disheartened.

As the saying goes, one who knows others is wise, but the one who knows oneself is enlightened.

Su Changyu was very clear about his own cultivation talent.

He definitely couldn't be called a genius.

Not even close to average.

Even using "mediocre" to describe him wouldn't be an exaggeration.

Wanting to 'establish the foundation with himself' was even more impossible.

Master Yin noticed Su Changyu's change in expression and chuckled, "Child, don't be disheartened."

"At this moment, you've come before me, indicating that everything is predestined."

With that, he extended his index finger and lightly tapped Su Changyu's forehead.

In an instant, countless images and knowledge crazily flooded into Su Changyu's mind.

These were all the scenes and insights Master Yin gained from dissecting hundreds of Foundation Establishment corpses.

And even more precious, the process of 'establishing the foundation with oneself' and the experience of partial success.

...

Suddenly receiving such a huge amount of information, Su Changyu felt overwhelmed for a moment.

His temples throbbed incessantly, and it felt like his head was about to split open.

But he knew in his heart that this opportunity was probably the only chance to change his fate in this lifetime, so he gritted his teeth and persevered.

After a while, he slumped exhaustedly in the chair, drenched in sweat.

Master Yin shook his head repeatedly as he watched.

After a while, Su Changyu regained his spirits and respectfully bowed to Master Yin.

"Thank you, senior!"

"Hehe, no need to thank me."

Master Yin showed an impish smile. "Originally, you had no intention of 'establishing the foundation with yourself'."

"But now that I've passed on my experiences to you, you seem to have the intention to give it a try."

"Keep in mind that everyone is unique, and my situation may not necessarily apply to you."

"Maybe you'll fail because of this, and end up dead."

"In that case, I'd be the one to blame!"

Su Changyu's expression was solemn. "Life and death are fated, but wealth and honor are in the hands of myself."

The smile disappeared from Master Yin's face. "That's a good attitude."

Without hesitation, he said bluntly, "Our business here is done, you may leave!"

Being unexpectedly dismissed, Su Changyu was slightly stunned.

But since Master Yin had said so, he didn't insist on staying.

After bowing again, he prepared to leave.

Before leaving, looking at the corpses all over the ground, Su Changyu couldn't help but ask, "Master Yin, may I ask where these corpses came from?"

Master Yin glanced around, his eyes becoming somewhat unfocused.

"Yeah, where did these corpses come from?"

"Ah! I remember now!"

"There was a heavy rain! Countless corpses fell from the sky like rain, and I took the opportunity to scavenge some..."

Master Yin seemed a bit crazy as he muttered.

Upon hearing the answer, Su Changyu felt another chill in his heart.

Not daring to stay any longer on this eerie island, he hurriedly left.

Watching Su Changyu's departing figure, Master Yin slowly returned to normal.

He touched his chest, where there seemed to be a precious treasure hidden that he was reluctant to give up.

...

After a long time, the extinguished flames reignited once again, completely engulfing Yin Yin Island.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 290: Virtual Chaoyuan Sect


After leaving Yin Yin Island, Su Changyu's spirits were lifted, and it took him a while to calm down from the excitement.

"I didn't expect to have such a strange encounter on this trip."

Although he still had some distance to go before Foundation Establishment, unlike before, he was now filled with the motivation to cultivate, eager to reach Qi Condensation perfection and establish his foundation as soon as possible.

"After 'establishing my foundation with myself', my cultivation speed should be able to catch up with Xiao Heng and Xiaomei." Su Changyu thought to himself.

Without delaying any further, he discerned his bearings and flew straight towards the deserted island.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan reviewed the scenes he had just witnessed through Su Changyu, his brows furrowing slightly.

"I didn't expect Su Changyu to inexplicably run into Master Yin and come into contact with the secrets related to the Self Foundation. It seems that the intuition I had earlier is indeed true."

Li Fan was quite looking forward to whether Su Changyu in this world could successfully 'establish his foundation with himself'.

However, Li Fan was more concerned about Master Yin's condition now.

When Li Fan first met Master Yin in the thirteenth year after the anchor point, his hair was still both black and white.

Now, in just twelve years, he had become completely white-haired.

This kind of rapid aging was almost impossible for a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

It indicated that Master Yin's mental and spiritual depletion had been extremely severe over the years.

What concerned Li Fan even more was that all the test subjects on Yin Yin Island, as well as many treasures that Master Yin had treasured, had all been destroyed.

Yet, Master Yin seemed to be indifferent.

Or...

Those things should have been destroyed by him personally.

Thinking of the sudden burst of fire on the island, as well as Master Yin's increasingly crazy expression.

"Is he trying to commit suicide?"

Li Fan's heart stirred.

To confirm his speculation, Li Fan left the Tianxuan Mirror and hurried towards Yin Yin Island.

When he arrived at the destination, the square building had indeed turned into ruins.

The burning was quite thorough.

After searching around, Li Fan found nothing valuable.

Standing quietly above the ruins, Li Fan frowned.

"Why?"

"Master Yin should have been studying the secrets of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma over the years."

"What did he discover that made him want to take his own life?"

It's worth noting that the desire for survival among cultivators is far stronger than that of ordinary people.

It's rare to hear of cultivators committing suicide.

"Did he really commit suicide, or was he forced to?"

Master Yin's somewhat crazy words from before floated into Li Fan's mind: "Aren't you curious? Why can a plague from mere mortals infect cultivators? If we can figure out the source of this anomaly, perhaps we can solve the Immortal-Mortal Miasma from its root! By then, I will be remembered as a great figure in the entire cultivation world!"

Li Fan's expression became somewhat serious. "I used to think that he was just a Foundation Establishment cultivator and couldn't possibly discover anything. So I've always ignored him."

"I didn't expect him to really discover something."

"Perhaps, in the next life, I should focus on 'taking care' of him."

Li Fan contemplated silently.

Just as he was about to leave after surveying the ruins of Yin Yin Island, he suddenly froze.

A breeze blew by, and amidst the blackened ground, a shining white light suddenly appeared.

Li Fan flew closer and retrieved the glowing object.

It seemed somewhat familiar.

A white rib bone.

It seemed to be the most valued item of Master Yin, the rib bone of the first cultivator infected with the Immortal-Mortal Miasma.

While Master Yin himself turned into ashes in the raging flames, this rib bone miraculously remained intact.

It's said that this was something many people fought over, and it indeed seemed to have some significance.

Li Fan casually stuffed it into his storage ring.

Returning to Ten Thousand Immortals Island, he had the Tianxuan Mirror appraise it.

However, he only received the result: "Cultivator's remains, worth 1 contribution point."

"It seems that it's only valuable to a specific group of people." Li Fan shook his head and put away the rib bone again.

He sensed the situation of the various prodigies.

"Xiao Heng has arrived at the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace. However, instead of going in, he's been standing outside, looking up at the huge blue building suspended in the sky. I wonder what he's contemplating."

"Su Xiaomei and the others seem to be not far from the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect."

...

"It's almost time for a bountiful harvest."

At this moment, within Li Fan's dantian, two Karmic Bodies had already formed completely.

The third Karmic Body was gradually taking shape.

"This accumulated cultivation can be transformed once I break through to the Golden Core stage. If I accumulate enough Karmic Bodies, maybe I'll break through again as soon as I enter the Golden Core stage."

Li Fan couldn't help but reveal a joyful expression like that of an old farmer.

"As for He Zhenghao..."

"Why hasn't there been any feedback on his cultivation during this time?"

Due to the distance, Formless Killing Intent was unable to sense the situation on the other side.

After some thought, Li Fan sent him a message to inquire about his current situation.

But he received an automatic reply: "In closed training at the Garrison Academy, unable to reply, please forgive me."

"So, fellow Daoist He has already entered the Garrison Academy?"

Calculating the time, it had been almost three years since He Zhenghao took office.

"Jing Xuan is indeed reliable, and the contribution points were not wasted."

"After the formation training in Tianyu Province, the Cong Yun Sea should be finished. By then, I'll go directly to Tianyun Province to meet with fellow Daoist He."

...

Just as Li Fan was secretly planning for the future.

Su Xiaomei's group of three had already arrived at the Thousand Mile Swamp, the site of the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect.

Finally reaching their destination, Su Xiaomei looked excitedly at the spectacular buildings not far away, eager to rush into the ruins in the next moment.

Zhang Haobo, however, looked puzzled. "Wasn't it said that the ruins attracted many cultivators to come and explore? Why is it so deserted here? Where are the people?"

Shuo Feng also frowned. "It's indeed suspicious. But there's no need to think too much about it. Let's go forward and see what's going on."

At the entrance of the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect, it wasn't as lively as the rumors.

Some cultivators hesitated to move forward, neither daring to enter nor willing to leave.

After inquiring a bit, they learned why the ruins, which had been bustling just a few days ago, had now turned into this appearance.

It turned out that seven days ago, a Golden Core cultivator who had come seeking opportunities mysteriously disappeared.

When he reappeared, people found that he had become an existence similar to the phantoms that occasionally appeared in the ruins.

Moreover, they could hear and see him frantically searching through the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect, trying to find a way to return to his original form.

But this Golden Core cultivator seemed to have gone to another realm of existence and couldn't interact with the people in reality in any way.

Nor could he leave the range of the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 291: Teleportation to Tianyu Province


At first, there were still some cultivators who hoped to get lucky.

Thinking that this was just an occasional phenomenon, they chose to stay in the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect and refused to flee.

However, within just seven days, more than ten stubborn cultivators successively turned into phantoms.

Finally, everyone recognized reality and scattered in all directions.

The previous popularity of the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect was largely due to the lack of danger.

Now, with this inexplicable crisis, not many cultivators were willing to explore at the risk of their lives without understanding the danger.

After all, opportunities could come at any time, but there was only one life.

Only a handful of people still remained here.

"How about it? With such danger here, do you still dare to go in?" Shuo Feng looked at Su Xiaomei and smiled.

The three of them had been together for dozens of days, and the initial unfamiliarity was long gone.

Although Shuo Feng was a former Soul Transformation True Monarch who had dispersed his cultivation and started anew, he never put on airs and was easygoing.

Along the way, he would occasionally give pointers to Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo, benefiting them greatly.

He was as casual as his proclamation, "I've dispersed my cultivation and started anew, seeking the path of invincibility. Invincible in Qi Condensation, invincible in Foundation Establishment, invincible in Golden Core... until invincible in Longevity Immortal!"

"I am Shuo Feng. Pioneering new methods, I am the beginning of the world; undefeated in a hundred battles, I am the end of the world!"<sup data-mfn="1">T/N: He's doing wordplay with his name here that's difficult to translate

The air of disdain for the world he occasionally revealed in his speech also secretly impressed Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo.

At this moment, seeing him ask, they couldn't help but feel a surge of ambition in their hearts.

"If you dare, why wouldn't I?" Su Xiaomei raised her head proudly, showing no weakness.

Zhang Haobo also showed no fear. "I'll accompany you to the end!"

"Haha! Refreshing!" Shuo Feng laughed heartily like no one was around, and took the lead into the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect.

Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo exchanged glances and followed closely behind.

Just as they entered the boundaries of the Chaoyuan Sect, Li Fan lost his sense of them.

As if...

They had disappeared from this world in an instant and gone to another world.

"The Chaoyuan Sect..."

"With their fortune, Su Xiaomei and the others shouldn't be in mortal danger."

"As for what's really going on inside, I can only learn when they come out."

Li Fan's eyes flickered.

...

Time passed, and the 26th year arrived.

Both Yin sisters had successfully reached Foundation Establishment, giving Li Fan a significant boost in cultivation.

They were both contemplating returning to Night Island.

Since Su Changyu had been in seclusion all this time, no one was there to accompany them.

So, after leaving a message, the two quietly returned to their hometown.

The sisters settled scores with those who had bullied them on the island in their childhood.

There was no need to elaborate on this matter.

On this day, Li Fan finally received a transmission from Zhang Zhiliang.

Hurriedly rushing to Formation Hall, Li Fan met this Formation Master once again.

Zhang Zhiliang didn't exchange pleasantries and went straight to the point: "The closed training in Tianyu Province has already begun."

"Prepare yourself, you can set off in a few days."

"I've written down all the matters that need attention in this jade slip. Take a look and you'll understand."

A golden encrypted jade slip was handed over.

Li Fan didn't check it on the spot, but put it away and thanked Zhang Zhiliang.

Zhang Zhiliang remained indifferent.

A Testing Ball flew to Li Fan: "Let me see if you've neglected your formation practice during this time."

Li Fan took the Testing Ball and skillfully answered the questions inside.

After a while, Zhang Zhiliang looked at the lights on the Testing Ball, nodded in satisfaction, and then took out a small black box and handed it to Li Fan.

"There are some things prepared for you inside. Seals have been set, and they will automatically release when the time comes." Zhang Zhiliang looked at Li Fan deeply and said.

"Your journey to Tianyu Province will be long. I've applied for the use of a long-distance teleportation formation for you, which can take you directly to Tianyu Province."

"The teleportation token needs to be used within ten days, otherwise it will disappear on its own."

Zhang Zhiliang threw another jade token towards Li Fan.

Li Fan caught the jade token and saw that it was carved with the image of a high-crowned elderly man, exactly like the Immortal Ancestor statue on the Transmission Square.

"Off you go!"

"Remember, don't disgrace my name!"

With a wave of his hand, Zhang Zhiliang dismissed Li Fan.

Li Fan respectfully bowed and slowly retreated.

"It's about time to leave the Cong Yun Sea."

"Since there's still a clone staying here, it can still take care of things when necessary."

Li Fan carried all his belongings in his storage ring.

There was nothing worth lingering for, so Li Fan decided to leave directly and headed straight to the Transmission Square.

Unlike the island teleportation formations corresponding to each island in the Cong Yun Sea and located in front of different statues, the long-distance teleportation formation was set up inside the Immortal Ancestor statue.

Arriving at the foot of the statue, Li Fan presented the teleportation jade token to the cultivator stationed there.

After verifying the authenticity of the jade token, the cultivator formed a seal with his hands and pointed at Li Fan.

Li Fan's vision blurred, and the next moment, he found himself inside the statue.

It was only then that he realized, looking out from inside the statue, that the stone seemed as transparent as glass.

There was no obstruction, and the surrounding scenery was fully visible.

At this moment, Li Fan was located at the heart of the statue.

Overlooking the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, the busy cultivators appeared as small as ants.

"The scenery is quite good. With flight being prohibited on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, this is the first time I've seen such a view after so many cycles of reincarnation."

Li Fan thought to himself.

After a moment of appreciation, Li Fan followed the guidance and flew forward.

In a space filled with silver mist, brilliant stars sparkled.

The teleportation formation was located here.

Each activation consumed a large amount of energy, which was why the long-distance teleportation formation was rarely used.

At this moment, there was only Li Fan in this space.

Li Fan raised the teleportation jade token high.

In an instant, the jade token disintegrated into countless green lights, shooting towards the stars around.

Then, a holographic image of a glowing cloud mass appeared in front of Li Fan.

Within the cloud mass, miniature landscapes of landforms and mountains could be vaguely seen.

"Tianyu Province."

Li Fan's spiritual consciousness touched it and sensed it.

The image of the cloud mass quickly enlarged, focusing on the four central areas.

"Tianyu, Tianchen, Tianshu, Tianquan."

"These are the four major Provinces that guard the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

Li Fan pondered.

Choosing Tianyu Province as the destination, Li Fan activated the formation.

In an instant, the countless stars seemed to dim.

Space and time seemed to fall into stasis.

Pressure, thousands of times greater than that of an ordinary teleportation formation, came from all directions.

Caught off guard, Li Fan's blood surged, and his heartbeat accelerated.

Just as he was about to circulate his spiritual energy to adjust, he found that it was out of control, running rampant in his body.

The surrounding scenery also changed suddenly.

The colorful brilliance gathered and dispersed, and everything was distorted and elongated.

Li Fan couldn't even hear his own heartbeat; it was as if he had gone deaf.

After a long time, it seemed like only a moment had passed.

All the anomalies disappeared in an instant.

Dizzy and disoriented, Li Fan almost stumbled and fell to the ground after completing the teleportation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 292: Series of Formations


After the absolute silence, there was a murmur as harsh as scraping metal that continuously echoed in Li Fan's ears.

It gradually subsided, turning into a lazy remark.

"Move forward after exiting the teleportation formation, don't block the way!"

Li Fan took a deep breath, suppressing the discomfort in his body.

While surveying the surroundings, he proceeded according to the instructions.

This place looked almost the same as the long-distance teleportation space on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, except that the brilliance of the sea of stars was several times stronger.

Furthermore, it was extremely lively. During the time Li Fan adjusted, two or three more cultivators arrived through teleportation.

Li Fan walked up to the cultivator who spoke.

This person was dressed in the standard black and yellow Daoist robe of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and casually handed over a pill, saying, "Take this Dust Cleansing Pill to relieve discomfort. Keep moving forward and undergo inspection! Next!"

Li Fan observed the pill for a moment but didn't take it, instead storing it in his storage ring.

Moving forward, he encountered a mirror emitting a faint light, suspended high in the air.

It looked identical to the Tianxuan Mirror in appearance.

Li Fan walked beneath the mirror and stood still.

Light scanned over his body, and after a moment, the familiar yet inhuman voice of the Tianxuan Mirror sounded in his ears.

"Cultivator Li Fan, welcome to Tianyu Province."

In the blink of an eye, the scenery changed.

When Li Fan came to his senses, he had already left the interior of the Immortal Ancestor statue and arrived at the Transmission Square.

The number of teleportation formations in the Transmission Square of Tianyu Province was several times higher than that on Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Not only were they connected to various cities within Tianyu Province, but they could also directly reach cities in the Tianchen, Tianshu, and Tianquan Provinces.

These four major provinces that guarded the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance were interconnected.

What's more, as compared to other provinces, there were no mortals in these four provinces.

In each city, there were only cultivators residing.

Therefore, the total number of cultivators in these four Provinces far exceeded that of other regions.

After scanning through the information provided by Zhang Zhiliang's jade slip, Li Fan knew the destination of this trip.

It was the Huan Yu Courtyard in Tianyu City.

Unlike on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, where all the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance departments were crowded together, in Tianyu City, each department had its own separate residence.

Some of the more powerful ones, such as the Martial Hall, even had more than one location.

The Huan Yu Courtyard was a large courtyard belonging to the Formation Hall.

Li Fan navigated through Tianyu City according to the instructions in the jade slip.

It didn't take long for him to arrive at the entrance of the Huan Yu Courtyard.

The gate was wide open, with no one guarding it.

Li Fan stepped inside and entered.

In the next moment, the air suddenly became scorching hot.

There was an endless desert as far as the eye could see.

Even the sand underfoot seemed to flow like water, silently shifting.

"The Endless Flowing Sand Formation..."

Li Fan remained calm, knowing that this was the first test upon entering the Huan Yu Courtyard.

With narrowed eyes, he surveyed the surroundings.

In Li Fan's eyes, the scenery of the surrounding yellow sand turned into a series of formation patterns in an instant.

The azure light in his sea of consciousness flickered slightly, and Li Fan quickly calculated the weaknesses of this Endless Flowing Sand Formation.

Instead of standing still while breaking the formation, he carefully moved to another area every period of time.

Shortly after he left each spot, sand vortexes appeared, engulfing everything.

After about the time it took an incense stick to burn, Li Fan finally found a way out of the formation.

After some more intermittent flying and stopping, he finally escaped from the Endless Flowing Sand Formation.

However, he still had not entered the Huan Yu Courtyard; what greeted Li Fan was another entirely new formation.

The Blackstone Flowing Fire Formation.

Compared to the previous Endless Flowing Sand Formation, it was a bit more dangerous.

Li Fan wasn't sure if being trapped in this formation would lead to his death or if someone would come to rescue him.

At this moment, he mustered all his energy and proceeded with caution.

After nearly half a day, he finally broke out of the formation.

Following that, there were the Eight Gates Energy Sealing Formation, the Rain of Immortal Mist Formation, the Ethereal Soul-Capturing Formation...

These were all formations that had been mentioned and introduced in the jade slip that Zhang Zhiliang had provided.

Although he had studied them systematically before, Li Fan only realized the vast difference between theory and practice when he was truly trapped in these formations.

Fortunately, it seemed that these formations were not fully activated, and were used purely for testing purposes.

Although there were some challenges, Li Fan managed to break through each one.

After the last Ten Square Hope-Erasing Formation was broken, Li Fan finally arrived in a safe space.

This place was very similar to where Zhang Zhiliang had taught him before, and there was a young cultivator dressed in white waiting there.

"Li Fan, from the Cong Yun Sea."

"Total time spent breaking the formations, one day and six hours."

"Slightly below average performance."

"No rest during the process of breaking the formations, and no signs of fatigue after completion."

"Resilient mental state, can be rated as superior."

"Hmm..."

"In general, above average!"

The cultivator in white muttered to himself, and as he spoke, a silver token appeared out of thin air in front of Li Fan.

"This token will serve as your identification during your time in the Huan Yu Courtyard. Keep it safe and don't lose it."

"Notifications and distribution of related materials are all done through this token."

"You can rest for now. When all the trainees have gathered, you will be notified!"

The cultivator in white instructed.

Li Fan put away the silver token and thanked the cultivator in white before asking, "May I know how to address you, senior?"

The cultivator in white smiled and said, "Ji Hongdao of Tianyu Province. You may go now!"

With that, he waved his hand, and a burst of light emanated from the silver token, enveloping Li Fan.

When the silver light disappeared, Li Fan had already appeared in a small courtyard.

The courtyard was not large but exquisitely decorated.

In the center was a lake, but it could be transformed into different scenes such as mountain peaks, desolate deserts, or vast oceans at will through the token.

After adjusting it, Li Fan found that this was not just an illusion but a tangible existence that he could physically enter.

It was as if another space had been embedded within.

Li Fan couldn't help but marvel at the extravagance of the Huan Yu Courtyard.

Not only was the scenery beautiful, but the concentration of spiritual energy in the small courtyard was also astonishingly high.

Following the flow of spiritual energy, Li Fan found a small Tianxuan Mirror in the room of the source.

It was not much different from the ones commonly seen in cities in various provinces, providing basic functions such as inquiries and transactions, and assisting in cultivation.

What astonished and excited Li Fan the most was that, in this courtyard, the use of assisted cultivation was completely free.

Although he didn't lack contribution points at the moment, who could resist the joy of free benefits?

Without hesitation, Li Fan entered the state of enlightenment.

"It's a pity that it's only special treatment during this training period, and is not permanent. Otherwise, I could squat here for a lifetime."

"The center of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is indeed luxurious. It is far beyond the Cong Yun Sea."

"No wonder countless cultivators are fighting just to come here."

"By taking advantage of public resources for private ends, I can save a considerable amount without even realizing it."

Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 293: Tianyu Province’s People


Adhering to the principle of absolute efficiency, Li Fan's Dao Transformation Stone in his sea of consciousness operated at full capacity, and the multi-threaded mode was reactivated.

On the surface, it seemed like Li Fan was not practicing cultivation.

In reality, he had long divided his mind into studying formations, reading through the "Heavenly Doctor's Immortal Sutra," accumulating cultivation base for his Karmic Bodies, and so on...

Doing many things at once, everything proceeded in an orderly manner.

...

Holding the silver token in his hand and playing with it, Li Fan's consciousness entered it, and many pieces of information suddenly appeared in his mind.

Its name was the "Huan Yu Token," a tool that was created together with this Huan Yu Courtyard.

In addition to basic functions such as communication and storage, its greatest use was to manipulate the residences in the courtyard.

The residences in the courtyard were divided into three different grades: upper, middle, and lower.

Different grades of treatment corresponded to different grades of residences.

What Li Fan had received belonged to the upper grade.

"It should be based on the results of the previous test," Li Fan thought to himself.

Putting away the token, Li Fan opened the Tianxuan Mirror.

He checked the information on recent events.

In addition to some major events that affected the entire Xuanhuang Realm, there was more information about hotspots in the surrounding areas.

Both the density of information and the number of people exchanging it far exceeded those in the Cong Yun Sea.

This made Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sense of "prosperity."

His spiritual consciousness swept through the various pieces of information.

"The remnant of the Chaoyuan Sect has reappeared, and this time, even Soul Transformation cultivators have perished inside. It's better for fellow Daoists not to take any risks!"

"Immortal Sage Jicheng has resigned from the position of Supreme Commander of the Garrison Court. It is rumored that he was unfortunate enough to be hit by evil spells from the Five Elders Association's infiltrated Dao Integration cultivators previously during the trap prepared for them. His lifespan has greatly decreased, and he is unable to manage the overall situation anymore."

"In front of the Mortal Transcendence Wall in Tianyun Province, another cultivator has achieved enlightenment this year. He reached the realm of the Five Law Golden Core!"

"Wu Zhi'er has been recently wandering near Tianquan Province. Fellow Daoists, be cautious!"

"The old fisherman appeared in Xiaoxiang City, Tianchu Province, yesterday. It is expected that he will stay for about seven days. Those seeking opportunities should hurry!"

...

"The old fisherman..." Li Fan's face showed interest as he clicked on it.

It turned out that this old fisherman was a crazy cultivator

Dressed as a fisherman, it was unknown what cultivation level he was at.

He kept muttering to himself, saying that he couldn't find his things.

His whereabouts were erratic, and there were records of his appearance in various provinces.

The so-called opportunity was to try one's luck.

Show the old fisherman your own items and see if they are the ones he lost.

Generally, the old fisherman would shake his head repeatedly, saying that these were not his things.

However, occasionally, he would also be interested in certain items and propose an exchange.

The old fisherman was generous in his actions, and the value of the techniques and treasures he brought out was almost always far superior to what the cultivators offered.

So, many cultivators wanted to bring some unknown items and take a chance.

Of course, there were also foolish cultivators who had the idea of forcibly robbing him.

However, anyone who did so did not survive.

"Quite interesting..."

"Unfortunately, once you enter this Huan Yu Courtyard, you cannot leave until the closed training ends. Otherwise, you could go out and join in the fun."

As he looked at this information, Li Fan couldn't help but feel regretful.

...

After several days of cultivation in the courtyard, Li Fan finally received a message from the Huan Yu Token.

The personnel had all arrived, and formal training would begin tomorrow.

At the same time, a set of white clothes and a shiny golden sphere appeared in the Huan Yu Token.

The sphere was made of an unknown material and was extremely hard to the touch.

However, spiritual consciousness couldn't penetrate it.

Upon careful observation, golden light flowed inside the sphere, as if some kind of liquid existed within.

Li Fan changed into the white clothes and waited quietly for tomorrow.

The next day, ripples appeared on the Huan Yu Token, followed by a burst of light.

Wrapped in the silver light, Li Fan arrived on a vast plain.

In the sky, there were unexpectedly over a thousand people wearing the same clothes.

"According to what Zhang Zhiliang said before, there are three spots available for the Cong Yun Sea."

"Then in the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, there are over three hundred provinces?"

"No, perhaps the quotas for some provinces are several times more than those in the Cong Yun Sea."

"But even so, it also shows how vast the Xuanhuang Realm is."

While Li Fan was pondering, the white-robed Ji Hongdao, whom he had seen before, quietly appeared above the crowd.

He scanned the crowd and said loudly, "I'm sure you all already know the purpose of this training."

"It's to accelerate the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation within our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance so that all enemies of the Five Elders Association will have nowhere to hide before us."

"You must have heard the name Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation countless times. But there are probably not many who have truly seen it."

"Today, first of all, I will let you all observe it."

With Ji Hongdao's words, images of a mirror suddenly flashed above everyone's heads.

Then, three towering beams of light descended from the sky, locking onto three different positions on the plain below.

Witnessing this scene, everyone was stunned at first, then focused their minds and sensed towards the positions locked by the beams of light.

Li Fan furrowed his brows slightly because no matter how he sensed, there was nothing there.

Looking at the expressions of those around him, almost all of them were the same.

At this moment, Ji Hongdao spoke again, "Isn't it surprising? Clearly, there's nothing there in our perception, but the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation still marks it..."

His voice suddenly rose, "This is the Five Elders Association's 'Dao Self Unity' stealth technique. It is precisely by relying on this technique that they can repeatedly trespass into our territory as if casually strolling."

"But now, with the birth of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, this is a thing of the past!"

Ji Hongdao lightly pointed, and the three beams of light suddenly became brighter.

The air distorted for a moment, and in the locked positions, three figures appeared, each of them looking disheveled and bound by shackles.

These three cultivators glared at Li Fan and the others in the sky with resentment.

But they couldn't move or speak.

They could only become teaching materials for the demonstration.

"The basic principle of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is the 'Soul Contract' every Five Elders Association cultivator signs..."

Ji Hongdao explained to the talented formation students from various provinces present.

To demonstrate the uniqueness of the Five Elders Association's cultivators' souls, he even used a secret method to forcibly extract the soul of one of them.

The beams of light in the sky followed the faint golden light of the soul as it moved along.

The extraction of the soul required a torturous pain that was difficult to describe in words.

Many young cultivators showed signs of intolerance when they saw this scene.

Ji Hongdao sneered without saying a word, only keeping their reactions in mind.

...

Time passed slowly during the lecture.

After explaining the basic structure of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, Ji Hongdao continued, "The key to building the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is to construct a formation core that can distinguish the differences in souls."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 294: Hundred Attempts Yet No Gains


"The formation core can be mass-produced on a large scale."

"However, due to the special nature of the soul, each activation of the formation core in the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation requires a Formation Master to personally guide it. Moreover, to ensure the accuracy of the formation, it needs to be debugged and calibrated by the Formation Master periodically."

"And this is also the reason why you are here for this training."

Suddenly, Ji Hongdao produced a golden sphere in his hand, which was the item distributed along with the clothing to everyone earlier.

"This is the Soul Gathering Pearl, made of Yin Soul Jade. As the name suggests, it has the effect of collecting and imprisoning souls."

"Do you see the golden light inside?"

"Those are the souls of the Five Elders Association's cultivators that we have captured!"

As Ji Hongdao spoke, the faces of the cultivators present changed color one after another.

Through the live demonstration of soul extraction just now, everyone learned that the golden light in the souls of the Five Elders Association's cultivators was a trace of the 'Soul Contract.'

But in the soul of each cultivator, the percentage of golden light was only a tiny fraction.

How many souls would it take to condense such a solid golden light?

Thousands? Or tens of thousands?

The more they thought about it, the more horrified they felt.

Some of the talented formation cultivators had been immersed in the study of formations since they started cultivation and rarely encountered such a cruel side of the cultivation world.

At this moment, they couldn't help but look pale and panicked.

Ji Hongdao said in a deep voice, "What? Scared? Do you think we are too cruel?"

"But you should know that just in the battle of Tianling Province, the number of fallen cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was a hundred or even a thousand times more than the number of souls in your Soul Gathering Pearls!"

"Not to mention the wars of various sizes that have occurred sporadically over thousands of years."

"Being merciful to the enemy is true cruelty."

Ji Hongdao looked deeply at the many young cultivators present and nodded his head, no longer continuing to delve into this topic.

He continued to introduce the Soul Gathering Pearl.

"What you need to do is to constantly observe and interact with these souls up close, and comprehend the traces of the Soul Contract."

"In the end, you need to reach a level where you can distinguish the differences without relying on external forces."

"This way, when you are building the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, you will have the ability to debug and calibrate the formation core."

"The process of this comprehension consumes souls, so it would be best to achieve this before the souls in the Soul Gathering Pearls are depleted."

"Otherwise..."

Ji Hongdao's tone turned cold, "We will deem that you are not capable of building the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation. Not only will you be expelled from this Huan Yu Courtyard, but we will also charge the training fee to your recommender."

With these words, the faces of the cultivators all looked grim.

If they couldn't meet the requirements and were expelled like this, it was not just a matter of losing face.

They were afraid that their future would be completely ruined, and they would have no chance with the path of formations from then on.

The talented youths who were recommended here couldn't help but feel immense pressure.

"But rest assured. To reduce your difficulty, we have already processed the souls of the Five Elders Association's cultivators with special methods."

"The vast majority of memories in the souls have been completely erased."

"A pure soul without memories and emotions is much easier to comprehend."

"As long as you're not useless trash who came here just to waste time, there shouldn't be any problem."

With a change in tone, Ji Hongdao encouraged the young talents once again.

Finally, he set the learning schedule for everyone for the next period of time.

During the day, the cultivators would follow Ji Hongdao to learn how to construct the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation.

At night, they would return to their respective courtyards to comprehend the Soul Contract.

Every month, there would be an assessment to check everyone's learning progress.

...

In this way, Li Fan began his training schedule in Huan Yu Courtyard.

The Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was worthy of being a formation that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had placed high hopes on and were hoping to turn the tide with.

It was extraordinarily complex and intricate.

Just the outer structure of the formation consisted of 36 million minor formations.

Each minor formation was composed of various different subunits.

Even the simplest minor formation comprised over ten thousand different subunits.

To fully grasp the structure of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was no easy task, even for these talented individuals selected from various provinces.

However, Li Fan had the assistance of the 'Divine Transformation Dao' secret technique.

Everything he learned, saw, and even thought was meticulously recorded in the blue Dao Transformation Stone in his sea of consciousness.

He could access and review it at any time, corroborating any knowledge.

Li Fan's mastery of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation advanced by leaps and bounds.

Among the talented individuals, he was at the forefront.

In stark contrast, Li Fan's ability to sense the Soul Contract was lacking.

When about a quarter of the golden color in the Soul Gathering Pearl was depleted, Li Fan had made almost no progress compared to the beginning.

However, Li Fan remained relaxed, without any pressure.

Threats like being expelled from the Tianyu Province and demanding fees from his recommender didn't faze him.

If nothing unexpected happened, Zhang Zhiliang would have already returned to the heavens by then.

So Li Fan remained calm and continued to comprehend at his own pace.

Time passed slowly like this.

On this day, Li Fan once again extracted a soul from the Soul Gathering Pearl and was about to comprehend it.

Two vast streams of cultivation suddenly surged from within him.

Like rushing rivers, they flowed endlessly.

In just a moment, they had filled half of the third Karmic Body.

Furthermore, the cultivation feedback continued to increase.

Li Fan felt delighted and faintly sensed, "Did Ye Feipeng and Xiao Heng both break through to the Golden Core realm?"

Subconsciously, he wanted to unleash the Formless Killing Intent to check the situation over there.

But it was too far away to know what had happened to the two of them.

This made Li Fan feel somewhat uncomfortable and uneasy.

"From the quantity of feedback cultivation, both of them are at least Three Law Golden Core cultivators."

"Such a wonderful scene, yet I cannot witness it. It's a bit regrettable."

"It seems I need to find a way to upgrade my Formless Killing Intent."

Calming down the faint joy in his heart, Li Fan's spiritual consciousness skillfully entered the blank soul in his hand.

It felt like entering a vast space that stretched endlessly in all directions.

Li Fan traversed here, trying to find the traces of the golden Soul Contract.

But just like before, he found nothing.

The Soul Contract was deeply hidden within the soul, like a drop of water blending into the ocean, extremely difficult to detect.

Forcibly extracting the soul to observe it was akin to boiling the ocean, forcing the Soul Contract to appear.

Violently extracting a soul was no different from killing.

It was impossible to use this method to identify on a large scale.

The only way was to enter the soul with spiritual consciousness and make close contact to comprehend the existence of the Soul Contract.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 295: Charmed Even as a Soul


Li Fan's consciousness wandered within the blank soul.

As time passed, the soul gradually dissipated, and the size of this blank space continued to shrink.

But even when the space became extremely small, with everything seemingly within Li Fan's reach, he still couldn't perceive the existence of the Soul Contract.

"This is what they call seeing but not perceiving, hearing but not understanding!"

With a sigh, the soul completely disappeared.

However, Li Fan didn't feel discouraged. He immediately extracted another soul and tried again.

...

Days passed by, and in the blink of an eye, it was already halfway through the 26th year.

After five assessments, Li Fan's theoretical tests on the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation were always excellent.

But unfortunately, he consistently performed poorly in identifying the Soul Contract.

This made Ji Hongdao look at Li Fan with a hint of regret.

However, Li Fan remained as composed as ever.

On this day, Li Fan examined the Soul Gathering Pearl in his hand.

Only about one-third of the golden color remained.

"Three hundred and twelve souls..."

"It's not as many as I imagined. The substantial golden light on the outside should be an illusion caused by all of them clustering together."

Three hundred and twelve was the number of souls Li Fan had already consumed.

Although not particularly numerous, it was definitely not few.

Yet, Li Fan's progress remained slow.

In the tests, his accuracy in identifying the Soul Contract was only around one in ten thousand.

It was basically no different from guessing blindly.

Furthermore, it was said that some cultivators could achieve an astonishing accuracy rate of ninety-nine percent.

"The disparity between individuals is really too great."

Shaking his head silently, Li Fan skillfully extracted a soul and plunged into it.

"Hmm?"

Having observed the souls of over three hundred Five Elders Association cultivators, Li Fan immediately sensed a difference upon entering this particular soul.

Unlike other souls, which were completely blank and empty, this one still retained the memories of the cultivator's life.

These memories had resisted the cleansing process and turned into a cluster of red reefs, standing tall within the soul.

Approaching slowly, Li Fan observed the red cluster before him.

Within the red light, the scenes kept changing, making it difficult to discern specific content.

However, it could vaguely be seen that it was just a short segment of memory, repeating endlessly.

Li Fan recalled Ji Hongdao's explanation earlier.

"The emotions and memories of the cultivators' souls in this batch of Soul Gathering Pearls were cleansed simultaneously."

"Some cultivators have naturally tenacious souls. If there's something they find hard to forget even in death, it's normal for it not to be completely erased."

"If you occasionally encounter some fish slipping through the net, don't panic."

"Although the memories still remain, after being cleansed, their aggressiveness is already close to zero. You can boldly explore these memories."

"So for you, it's actually a rare opportunity."

"Obtaining some techniques, secrets, or even confidential information from the Five Elders Association through these memories is possible."

"You don't need to report these memory fragments you obtain. Consider them your own fortune, so don't feel any psychological pressure."

...

"The risk should be minimal, but precautions should still be taken to prevent accidents."

After some consideration, Li Fan severed the connection between this strand of spiritual consciousness and his main body.

This way, even if something unexpected happened, he would only lose this strand of spiritual consciousness at most.

On the other hand, if there was no danger, he could bring back the information from the memories to his main body.

Prepared, Li Fan's consciousness began to try to make contact with the red cocoon in front of him.

It felt like entering another person's body, unable to move or speak.

He could only observe the surrounding events from the other person's perspective.

Several fragmented images quickly flashed before him.

These were the result of incomplete memories due to the cleansing process.

"This fellow Daoist... are you looking to purchase forbidden books?"

A secretive cultivator pulled out a peculiar jade slip and handed it over.

"Get lost!" The possessed cultivator impatiently exclaimed.

...

"Fellow Daoist, interested in forbidden books? Absolutely thrilling, you won't regret it," another cultivator asked quietly.

After much thought, the possessed cultivator still refused.

...

"Fellow Daoist, interested in this forbidden book? You won't regret it if you take a look," another cultivator whispered.

"The collaboration of two renowned authors, an immersive and absolutely authentic experience..."

After much hesitation, the possessed cultivator asked quietly, "What's the price?"

...

The following memories began to become clear and coherent.

This seemed to be the most profound and unforgettable memory of this cultivator's life.

"What shocking content could be in this forbidden book that made it unforgettable even after death?"

Li Fan's spirit couldn't help but stir with anticipation.

...

In a dark cave, the campfire flickered incessantly.

He leaned against the wall to rest.

It seemed like he was seriously injured, with his blood and spiritual energy churning violently within.

Outside the cave, there seemed to be a corpse.

A graceful maiden's body pressed closely against him.

Their long thighs rubbed against each other, and the maiden's jade hands constantly groped her own body, trying to undress herself.

"Goodness, is it going to be so intense from the start?"

"This must be the content of the forbidden book? It seems the dealers weren't exaggerating; it's truly immersive and authentic."

"It's almost like an Eternal Remembrance, the only difference being that here, it seems impossible to move freely. I can only passively experience the information through this body."

Just as Li Fan's consciousness was pondering, a voice suddenly appeared.

"[Qin Shou pursued Senior Sister Zhao multiple times, only to be rejected each time. In a fit of anger and shame, he harbored malicious intentions.]"

"[Not long after, while Senior Sister Zhao was out on a mission, he secretly followed her. They ended up in a remote mountainous area, where he attacked her while she was unprepared.]"

"[Senior Sister Zhao was caught off guard and seriously injured. Furthermore, she was poisoned by Qin Shou's Yin Yang Harmony Powder, gradually losing her sanity...]"

"[Just at this critical moment, you happened to arrive.]"

"[You rebuked Qin Shou for his despicable actions and engaged him in battle.]"

"[Unfortunately, you were no match for Qin Shou, and instead, you were seriously injured. During the crisis, you successfully repelled Qin Shou with a talismanic sword you obtained from a previous adventure, and escaped to this cave with Senior Sister Zhao.]"

"[You thought you were safe, but you didn't expect Qin Shou to follow you using some method.]"

"[Qin Shou relentlessly pursued you, and you looked desperate.]"

"[Just then, Senior Sister Zhao suddenly woke up, and with her last bit of strength, she killed Qin Shou. Then she completely passed out.]"

...

The voiceover narrated the causes and consequences of the incident.

However, before Li Fan could contemplate further, he was stunned by the continuous echoing thoughts in the memory.

"Senior Sister Zhao?"

"Senior Sister Zhao!"

"Is it her?"

"How is this possible?!"

These were the thoughts of the owner of the soul, echoing continuously in the memory like thunder.

Unable to bear the torment, the body began to move slowly.

He lifted the maiden's hair beside him, revealing an unparalleled beauty.

With a slight frown on her face, her cheeks flushed.

"Senior Sister Zhao... it's her... how... dare..."

The cultivator's remaining consciousness kept echoing.

The memory space also trembled incessantly.

"The Master of the Great Dao Sect, one of the five Longevity Immortals of the Five Elders Association..."

"Who dares... no wonder it's a forbidden book..."

"It's worth dying..."

The protagonist in the book slowly removed Senior Sister Zhao's clothes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 296: The Eccentricity of a Heavenly Sovereign


Perhaps it was because the possessed cultivator's emotions were too excited, or perhaps due to some other mysterious factors, but the memory space continued to shake and tremble and was extremely unstable.

The various events that followed between the protagonist and Senior Sister Zhao in the book also became increasingly blurred.

It was like trying to see through fog, unable to glimpse the details, causing an unbearable itch in the heart.

The tremor in Li Fan's heart was no less than that of the deceased Five Elders Association cultivator. The information in the remaining memory fragments of the soul truly surprised him.

"Senior Sister Zhao is actually one of the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns of the Five Elders Association?"

When he learned that the Five Elders Association preserved the secret teachings of the Great Dao Sect and the Dao Enlightenment Elixirs, Li Fan thought that there might still be powerful Great Dao Sect cultivators alive within the Five Elders Association.

Combined with Senior Sister Zhao's manifestation of the "Self Dao" in Discussing Dao While Seated and the abnormally common erotic novels based on her, Li Fan speculated at that time that Senior Sister Zhao, who was said to have risen from an outer disciple to the sect leader of the Great Dao Sect, was likely among the Five Elders Association.

However, Li Fan subconsciously believed that Senior Sister Zhao should only be a high-ranking member of the Five Elders Association.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had intentionally let the erotic novels circulate in order to disgust their opponent and had possibly even supported the matter behind the scenes.

However, what Li Fan did not expect at all was that Senior Sister Zhao was indeed a high-ranking member of the Five Elders Association.

Only, she was a little too high.

One of the leaders of the Five Elders Association; the highest-tier powerhouse under heaven and earth, a Heavenly Sovereign who lurked behind the scenes and overlooked all living beings.

Upon learning Senior Sister Zhao's identity, Li Fan's first reaction was the same as that of the deceased Five Elders Association cultivator.

"How dare the authors, Singing Book Weng and Myriad Brush Immortal, use a Heavenly Sovereign as the protagonist of these erotic books?"

In this world, due to the speed of cultivating with the New Law, the status gap between cultivators of different realms was not particularly significant.

Foundation Establishment cultivators and Core Formation cultivators might even call themselves brothers and sisters of Qi Condensation cultivators.

However, this was only in the initial few cultivation realms.

As strength increased, breakthroughs became more and more difficult.

A correspondingly larger gap in status also gradually emerged.

Soul Transformation cultivators almost all held important positions in a province, holding a certain level of nobility.

Dao Integration cultivators ruled over a province, determining the lives and deaths of countless cultivators.

In their eyes, Soul Transformation cultivators were mere pawns to be manipulated at will.

From Li Fan's previous experience in Yuandao Province, by witnessing the performance of the black-clothed Dao Integration cultivator and the Blue Feather Immortal Sage, one could glimpse the power of Dao Integration.

As for the Heavenly Sovereigns...

The Heavenly Sovereign known as the Immortal Ancestor established the New Law and created the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

All cultivators in the world had to follow the path he set.

There might also be a Heavenly Sovereign who made people forget calamities, influencing the thoughts of all beings without revealing any hint of his presence.

The Heavenly Sovereigns seemed to be elusive, but in reality, they had already integrated into every aspect of cultivators' lives and were omnipresent.

Such top-tier powerhouses could only be feared and revered by ordinary cultivators.

So how could the authors dare to commit such blasphemy?

Weren't they afraid that Senior Sister Zhao would come knocking on their door?

With the methods of a Heavenly Sovereign, it was bound to be a dead end no matter where Singing Book Weng and Myriad Brush Immortal were hiding.

The fact that they could turn words into experiences almost as real as the actual world indicated that Singing Book Weng and Myriad Brush Immortal's cultivation levels were certainly not weak.

They wouldn't joke with their lives for just a trivial profit.

So, Li Fan speculated that either they were certain that Senior Sister Zhao didn't care about these forbidden books at all, or there were other forces that could rival a Heavenly Sovereign backing them, which allowed them to be so reckless.

Would Senior Sister Zhao mind if her erotic novels circulated throughout the world?

Li Fan didn't know.

According to common sense, any normal female cultivator should feel varying degrees of anger about this matter.

But when it involved the level of a Heavenly Sovereign, Li Fan did not dare to speculate.

The Heavenly Sovereigns, who had defied the laws of heaven and earth and achieved eternal life, had long transcended the realm of normal cultivators.

If one used the same set of thinking patterns to speculate, it would only invite ridicule.

Moreover, upon careful consideration, there were many doubts.

Within the Xuanhuang Realm, Senior Sister Zhao's biography, the "Ancient History of Cultivation," was widely circulated.

However, not only was the protagonist not dead, but they were also a Heavenly Sovereign.

Which cultivator dared to use the first-person pronoun "I" when writing this biography?

Many ancient events have long been lost in the river of history.

Who would be so familiar with everything that happened thousands of years ago in the Great Dao Sect?

It was likely that the book that Li Fan previously regarded as mere entertainment was Senior Sister Zhao's autobiography.

Recalling the content of the book word by word, Li Fan found deeper meaning in many of the previously overlooked passages.

The book used a great deal of internal monologue, describing without reservation the bitterness of Sister Zhao from the initial weakness as an outer disciple, the hard work and hardship in the process of promotion all the way until she became the head of the Great Dao Sect a number of years later, only to find out that everything had changed.

The emotions were delicate and the sense of immersion was extremely strong.

It truly felt like Senior Sister Zhao herself was telling the story.

......

"No wonder there are so many derivative works. The character development is indeed too vivid."

"This Heavenly Sovereign really has unique tastes."

"Or perhaps, it may not be just a simple preference; there may be some special factors involved," Li Fan secretly speculated.

When Li Fan recovered from the shock of Senior Sister Zhao's true identity and once again reminisced about the continuous and unforgettable feelings of the possessed cultivator, he intermittently saw scenes of Senior Sister Zhao entangled with the protagonist.

"The taste of a Heavenly Sovereign..."

"Even if it was in the past, before she became a Heavenly Sovereign, this forbidden pleasure is enough to make people forget about life and death."

"No wonder this person couldn't forget it even after death."

Carefully savoring the remaining thoughts in the memory of the Five Elders Association cultivator, Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

Happy times were always short-lived.

As the memory fragments of the cultivator came to an end after the protagonist of the book and Senior Sister Zhao separated due to a great battle, the red light gradually dissipated from the memory space.

The soul became no different from an ordinary one.

The wisp of spiritual consciousness returned with the experience to his body, and Li Fan closed his eyes for a long time before completely digesting the information.

"Tsk tsk tsk..." Li Fan sighed once again.

Afterwards, not forgetting the task at hand, he continued to contemplate the existence of the Soul Contract within the soul in front of him.

Unfortunately, no miracle occurred.

Like the hundreds of previous attempts, Li Fan still could not detect its existence.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 297: Opportunity of the Longevity Fruit


T/N: term change from Yanfa Jue > Technique Derivation Jade

*****

"I can't compete with talent, and must rely on either lucky opportunities or hard work."

"Unfortunately, I have put in the effort, and haven't encountered any luck this life."

As the last trace of golden light in the Soul Gathering Pearl dissipated without a trace, Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

No accidents occurred.

Another two months passed, and although Li Fan couldn't say there was no progress, the success rate of identification only increased from one in ten thousand to one in a thousand.

He still couldn't perceive the difference between a normal soul and a soul with a Soul Contract.

The so-called identification was still just a blind guess based on intuition.

Of course, this couldn't meet the requirements for constructing the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation.

"It seems that I can only try again next time."

"The only thing I'm a little reluctant to part with is that in this Huan Yu Courtyard, I can use the Tianxuan Mirror to assist my cultivation at public expense."

Li Fan shook his head, seizing this last time to cultivate for free.

A dozen days later, the monthly assessment arrived again.

Most of the cultivators had already exhausted their Soul Gathering Pearls, so this test also determined who would stay and who would leave.

Li Fan's performance was very stable.

In the part testing formation knowledge, he was still on top.

But in the part testing identifying souls with Soul Contracts, he was still poor.

"Those with an identification success rate of over fifty percent will have the opportunity to continue their studies."

"Those who don't meet the standard will be expelled from the Huan Yu Courtyard starting today."

"And I will inform the relevant people."

Ji Hongdao scanned the young cultivators below and said coldly.

The moment he saw Li Fan, his eyes flickered slightly, but that was all.

It was impossible for him to break the rules for this unfamiliar person.

With these words, among the over one thousand cultivators, nearly a hundred had pale faces, as if attending a funeral.

But at least there were no undignified scenes of crying and begging for another chance.

Only Li Fan had a calm and composed look, and those who didn't know would think he had passed the assessment.

Ji Hongdao waved his hand, and a white light enveloped these eliminated cultivators, including Li Fan.

After a moment, these hundred-plus people appeared in a spacious and empty courtyard.

"Don't be discouraged by your elimination. It is also meaningful to contribute to the development of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance from where you came!" Speaking was a chubby middle-aged cultivator with a conspicuous goatee on his chin.

The chubby cultivator showed a kind smile and patted each of these eliminated young people.

While patting, he explained, "It's not that the organization doesn't trust you, it's just that the confidentiality level of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is a bit high."

The cultivators he patted on disappeared in a flash of light.

Li Fan's heart suddenly rang alarm bells, thinking that this chubby cultivator was here to kill and silence them.

The strength of the other party was unknown, but these young cultivators with Golden Core strength had no resistance in front of him.

Li Fan obviously wasn't his opponent either.

Just as he was about to silently recite [Truth], he heard the other party continue, "Relax, I'm just sealing the parts related to the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation in your memories."

"Don't look at me with such terror. I know what you're thinking. But this is Tianyu City, a vital place of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Who knows how many eyes are watching here. How could such a thing be possible..."

The chubby cultivator muttered while quickly performing his own work.

Li Fan, like the other cultivators, breathed a sigh of relief.

But he didn't completely believe the chubby cultivator's words and still remained vigilant, ready to recite [Truth] at any moment.

"How should I address senior?" When it was Li Fan's turn, he suddenly asked.

The chubby cultivator was stunned, and his movements slowed for a moment.

"You are interesting. I feel like I'll meet you again someday." The chubby cultivator glanced at Li Fan and said, "My name is Huangfu Song."

After introducing himself, his movements didn't delay any further.

A slap landed on Li Fan's body.

With a burst of light, Li Fan's vision blurred for a moment, and he appeared in another courtyard.

In front of him seemed to be the gate to leave this place.

"After signing this confidentiality agreement and handing over the Huan Yu Token, you can leave on your own. I suggest you don't rush back home. It's a rare opportunity to come to our Tianyu Province, and it would be a pity not to tour around."

"I recommend the Discussion Tower in the east of the city. It's extremely lively with cultivators coming and going from all directions. There's also free spiritual tea provided." At the gate, there was a thin cultivator who looked like a bamboo pole.

His face bore a smile uglier than crying, and whenever a cultivator approached him, he would take out a golden contract and hand it to the other party.

Only after signing and handing over the Huan Yu Token would they be allowed to leave.

"Oh, by the way, I wonder if you've heard of the spectacle of the Ice Abyss Fire Lotus? I highly recommend you to take a look."

As the thin cultivator completed the procedures and sent the dejected young cultivators away, he introduced the places worth visiting in Tianyu Province.

Soon, it was Li Fan's turn.

Li Fan asked as usual, "How should I address senior?"

"Shangguan Shi."

The other party responded simply, placing a shiny golden contract in front of Li Fan.

It seemed to be a bit more advanced than the usual Commercial Contracts, but not as advanced as the Five Elders Association's Soul Contracts.

He quickly scanned the contents of the contract.

It was a unilateral contract with harsh conditions.

Anyone who leaked secrets would have their soul completely extinguished.

Anyway, Li Fan had no choice but to sign.

Without hesitation, he casually wrote down his name.

A golden light entered his body, and Shangguan Shi nodded.

"You may leave!"

With a polite gesture, Li Fan stepped out of the Huan Yu Courtyard.

"This is a bit embarrassing. I'm afraid Zhang Zhiliang wouldn't have expected me to be eliminated directly in the first round."

"Calculating the time, it should still be more than a year before the Crimson Flame arrives."

"I definitely can't go back. It's better to travel in Tianyu Province for a while, and then go directly to seek refuge with fellow Daoist He after his closed-door training ends."

"As for Zhang Zhiliang..."

"I don't think he'll give up his opportunity for Dao Integration for such a trivial matter and come to trouble me."

Thinking of the Discussion Tower mentioned by Shangguan Shi just now, Li Fan, who had nowhere to go for the time being, inquired about its location and went straight there.

The Discussion Tower was not just a single building.

It was a continuous complex of buildings.

It not only provided services such as gatherings and dining but also had many small courtyards similar to the Huan Yu Courtyard for accommodation.

The lobby of the main building was very lively and was filled with cultivators.

Most of them were not high in cultivation.

Li Fan estimated that the highest was only in the Nascent Soul realm.

It was likely that those above the Soul Transformation realm would arrange a separate courtyard when they came here to gather.

He casually found an empty seat and sat down. A cup of spiritual tea appeared on the table automatically.

After taking a sip, he felt the spiritual energy surging in his body, soothing and refreshing.

After finishing the drink and placing the cup on the table, the spiritual tea flowed out from the bottom of the cup and filled it again.

This time, Li Fan didn't drink it. Instead, he picked up a jade plaque with the character "Dao" engraved on it from the table.

After exploring it with his spiritual consciousness, various styles of dishes suddenly appeared in his mind.

Almost all of them had some effect on improving the physique and refining the purity of spiritual energy in the body.

Of course, the prices were also extremely high.

Almost all of them cost several hundred contribution points each.

"This Discussion Tower definitely can't be opened in the Cong Yun Sea."

"Ordinary cultivators simply can't afford it."

Li Fan casually ordered a few dishes and tasted their effects.

During the wait, he listened to the conversations of the surrounding cultivators with his ears perked up.

It was no different from an ordinary tavern.

There were all kinds of topics.

Some cultivators raised their cultivation realm again; some were nearing the end of their lifespan, but still couldn't break through, regretfully dying of old age.

The Five Elders Association had been quiet for the past few years, certainly planning some conspiracy in secret.

...

With all this and more, Li Fan didn't feel bored listening.

After a while, a light flashed, and the ordered dishes and utensils appeared on the table one after another.

Li Fan tasted each one, feeling the changes in his body, nodding silently.

"This Discussion Tower lives up to its reputation."

Just then, amidst the already somewhat noisy lobby, there was suddenly a bit of commotion.

A few keywords drifted into Li Fan's ears, causing him to slightly pause and listen intently.

"Fellow Daoist Lu, did you really find the life-extending spiritual fruit?"

"Shh, keep it low-key. This trip to the Underground Forest did yield some gains. The Spirit Turtle Violet Fruit, as identified by the Tianxuan Mirror, can extend life by 150 years." Fellow Daoist Lu's voice sounded somewhat proud.

"Hiss..."

"The Spirit Turtle Violet Fruit, if I remember correctly, isn't on the list provided by Immortal Sage Jicheng, right? Doesn't that mean..."

"Fellow Daoist Lu, you've really encountered great fortune this time!"

"Extending life by 150 years is an extremely remarkable treasure. I don't know where it will rank in the bounty ranking. If you are fortunate enough to rank in the top three..."

"That would be a Law Derivation Jade..."

The breathing of the crowd couldn't help but quicken.

...

Li Fan listened to the conversation of a few other individuals, his expression slightly changing.

Without further ado, he directly booked a separate courtyard in this Discussion Tower, disregarding the remaining food on the table, and moved in.

Sure enough, there was a Tianxuan Mirror in the courtyard.

After some searching, Li Fan immediately understood the ins and outs of the matter.

It turned out that ever since Immortal Sage Jicheng retired from the position of Supreme Commander of the Garrison Court and devoted himself to healing, although his injuries gradually improved, the loss of lifespan couldn't be recovered.

Like all cultivators nearing the end of their lifespans, Immortal Sage Jicheng began seeking various methods of prolonging life.

However, having held a high position for many years, Immortal Sage Jicheng had basically exhausted all the treasures and pills that could grant longevity, rendering them ineffective for him.

Therefore, he issued a three-year bounty for the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to search for life-extending treasures that were still effective for him.

Those proven to be effective would receive high rewards.

The more they extended his lifespan, the more generous the reward.

And the unique rewards for the top three were enough to make all cultivators in the world excited.

Each was a Law Derivation Decree, allowing one the opportunity to use the Technique Derivation Jade to derive a technique for themselves.

It was well known that techniques were quite rare.

And to customize a technique tailored to oneself was even more difficult.

Although Master Pathweavers could achieve this, the cost was high, and their proficiency varied, resulting in imperfect techniques.

It was only the second-best option.

In the hearts of many cultivators, they dreamed of using a Law Derivation Decree, the number one treasure of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, to create a technique for themselves.

Unfortunately, for the vast majority of cultivators in the world, this was just an unattainable dream.

The Law Derivation Decree was the foundation of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, so it was very precious!

Most people didn't even know what it looked like, let alone where they could obtain one.

Not to mention using it.

Even the average Dao Integration realm cultivator might not have the qualifications to use one.

Immortal Sage Jicheng had controlled the Garrison Court for nearly five hundred years and held a position of great power.

During this time, he had experienced countless wars of all sizes and gained various merits.

Only then could he come up with the reward of three opportunities to use a Law Derivation Decree.

"First place can deduce a Dao Integration realm technique. Second place, Soul Transformation. Third place, Nascent Soul."

Looking at the rewards, Li Fan couldn't help but admit that he was tempted.

He happened to have a longevity treasure.

The Longevity Fruit could extend life by three hundred years.

Furthermore, it happened to not be on the list of treasures that Immortal Sage Jicheng had already used.

For him, this fruit was not very useful.

But if he exchanged it for a reward from Immortal Sage Jicheng...

Leaving aside the superiority of customized techniques, just being able to see the Technique Derivation Jade was worth the price for Li Fan.

"However, this Longevity Fruit comes from the Fallen Immortal Realm. Generally, only Golden Core cultivators can enter."

"I'm just at Foundation Establishment. It seems a bit inappropriate to hand it over now."

"Anyway, it's been less than a year since Immortal Sage Jicheng's bounty was issued. I can wait until I breakthrough to Golden Core before handing it over."

"This way, I can explain its origin openly and aboveboard."

"Hmm... dealing with Immortal Sage Jicheng definitely entails some risks."

"I need to think about it carefully."

For the next few days, Li Fan wandered around Tianyu City.

He also went to see the spectacle mentioned by Shangguan Shi, the Ice Abyss Fire Lotus.

In the depths of an icy abyss, countless flames formed a blooming lotus.

Although it was beautiful, Li Fan couldn't discern anything particularly special about it.

It was said that some cultivators had gained enlightenment here and directly advanced a small realm, but it seemed his insight wasn't enough.

On the way back from the icy abyss, Li Fan's communication talisman suddenly received a transmission from Ji Hongdao.

He was asked to hurry back to the Huan Yu Courtyard.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 298: Talent is Worthless After Death


"Why am I being called back again? Is there still a spot for me somehow?" With a trace of doubt in his heart, Li Fan returned to Tianyu City.

After some thought, instead of heading directly to the Huan Yu Courtyard, Li Fan first went to a Tianxuan Mirror and entered his exclusive space within the Tianxuan Mirror.

At this time, his clone in the Cong Yun Sea paused his practice of the "Creation Forge Art" and began searching for Heavenly Treasures that could enhance his perception of the soul.

One after another, information on these Heavenly Treasures appeared.

After browsing for a while, Li Fan selected a high-grade Human Treasure, the Ghost Hairpin. Then he sent the Ghost Hairpin into the White Bone Realm.

The main body immediately performed the ritual and absorbed the Heavenly Treasure in the White Bone Realm.

[Truth] slowly transformed in his dantian, becoming both the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart and Ghost Hairpin.

After completing all this, Li Fan returned to reality and hurried towards the Huan Yu Courtyard.

By using the Ghost Hairpin, Li Fan naturally hoped to increase his chance of identifying Soul Contracts.

The reason why Li Fan didn't do this during the closed training before was due to concerns about his own safety.

It was likely that the Huan Yu Courtyard was under surveillance at all times.

If originally, his performance was mediocre, but after exchanging for a Heavenly Treasure, his performance gradually improved... he might attract others' attention.

There was no need to take this risk.

However, outside the courtyard, within the Tianxuan Mirror, there were fewer concerns.

At least, from the current situation, the Tianxuan Mirror could still be trusted temporarily.

When Li Fan entered the Huan Yu Courtyard again, there was no chain formation test; instead, he appeared directly in front of Ji Hongdao.

"Greetings, senior!" Li Fan bowed.

"Hmm, so soon?" Ji Hongdao was a bit surprised. "At least you can avoid any further complications." He sighed, looking somewhat weary.

"May I ask what happened, senior?" Li Fan asked.

"Ah, it's hard to explain in a few words." As Ji Hongdao redistributed a Huan Yu Token to Li Fan and led him to meet Huangfu Song, he explained the reason Li Fan was summoned back.

"What? Tantai Tao and a dozen others went out to relax, encountered an accident, and died?" Li Fan thought he had misheard, staring at Ji Hongdao in astonishment.

It's not surprising that Li Fan was so startled because this was too absurd.

Tantai Tao was the most outstanding among all the cultivators during training.

As early as the first assessment, he received two top evaluations.

Moreover, his identification rate of Soul Contracts reached an astonishing one hundred percent.

Anyone with a discerning eye could see that such a figure would surely achieve extraordinary accomplishments in the future.

Thus, it was inevitable that some cultivators would intentionally talk to him and make friends with him during the training breaks.

Tantai Tao was courteous on the surface and treated everyone politely.

In fact, he had a very high vision and was only willing to make friends with those who also excelled in the tests.

In this way, over almost half a year, a small group led by Tantai Tao gradually formed.

The dozen or so members were all extremely talented in the Dao of formations. Their cultivation bases were not weak, and at the very least, they were all Golden Core cultivators.

Tantai Tao himself had already attained the Nascent Soul realm at a young age.

Calling these people the pride of the heavens would not be an exaggeration.

However, such a group of people unexpectedly died in the mainland of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, Tianyu Province?

Seeing Li Fan's expression, Ji Hongdao's words were full of regret: "Tantai Tao and the others said that they felt suffocated after half a year and wanted to take advantage of the time before the second phase of closed training began to go out for fun, relax, and adjust their mood."

"They were a group of people with strong strength, each with protective measures bestowed by their elders. Plus, this is the Tianyu Province, so there shouldn't be any danger."

"I thought about it and agreed to their request."

"Who would have thought..."

"Ah, a moment of negligence! A moment of negligence!"

Ji Hongdao sighed repeatedly.

"More than ten people suddenly died, and the established quota for the second phase was suddenly vacant."

"To avoid wastage, we had to extend the selection of replacement members based on the results of the first round of assessments."

"That's why you were summoned back in such a hurry."

Li Fan didn't think being a replacement was embarrassing.

Compared to those genius cultivators who had inexplicably died, his luck was much better.

After hesitating for a while, Li Fan couldn't help but ask, "Senior Ji, what exactly happened..."

Ji Hongdao waved his hand, interrupting Li Fan's question: "This matter is quite involved. Knowing too much will only harm you."

Li Fan nodded and remained silent. After a while, he met Huangfu Song again.

Huangfu Song looked at Li Fan and said with a smile, "How about it, kid? My intuition was pretty accurate, right? I said we would see each other again soon, and not long after, you returned."

"Senior is insightful!" Li Fan clasped his hands. "Could it be, Senior, that Tantai Tao and the others had an accident because..."

Before Li Fan finished speaking, Huangfu Song's expression suddenly changed.

He slapped Li Fan's body, lifting the memory seal and interrupting Li Fan's words.

"Kid, you can't talk nonsense." Huangfu Song looked at Li Fan with an unkind look in his eyes.

"It doesn't matter if you talk nonsense, but if someone takes it seriously..."

"Those guys all had connections and power."

"Even Guan Xingxiu was suspended from his position. I'm even more at risk." Ji Hongdao impatiently said, "Let's stop talking."

Ji Hongdao's position was obviously higher than Huangfu Song's. When he spoke like this, Huangfu Song indeed shut up.

"You should wait in the courtyard first."

"Another Soul Gathering Pearl has been prepared for you. Don't slack off during this time, and try to comprehend." He instructed Li Fan again.

"Thank you, senior." Li Fan thanked him.

Ji Hongdao waved his hand, and Li Fan returned to the familiar courtyard once again.

However, it was hard to say if it was the same room as before.

"Guan Xingxiu."

Recalling Huangfu Song's words, Li Fan's heart stirred, and he began searching for information about Guan Xingxiu.

"Commander of the Tianyu Province Garrison Court..."

"One of the candidates for the next Supreme Commander of the Garrison Court."

Li Fan narrowed his eyes, pondering. The so-called accident was almost certainly a pretext. However one looked at it, this matter exuded the smell of conspiracy.

"Immortal Sage Jicheng is stepping down from his post as the Supreme Commander of the Garrison Court."

"I'm afraid the competition for this position has reached a fever pitch."

"At this critical moment, such a major case occurred in Guan Xingxiu's jurisdiction, leading to his suspension..."

"It seems that some people have gone a bit crazy for this position of Supreme Commander."

"Hmm...that's not right."

"The method of framing is too crude, and it can be seen through at a glance. So it's also possible that Guan Xingxiu himself is playing pig to eat a tiger."

"First, withdraw from the center of the storm, fade from view. Then, catch the opponent off guard and win by surprise."

"Of course, it's also possible that the opponent is taking advantage of this mentality to blatantly frame him."

"No matter what the truth is, these so-called geniuses like Tantai Tao, in front of the real wielders of power in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, were easily crushed and turned into a means of attacking political opponents."

"No matter how high your talent is..."

"Once you die, it's all for naught."

Li Fan sighed inwardly and took out the golden Soul Gathering Pearl, skillfully extracting a strand of soul.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 299: Soul Tempering in the Resentful Soul Sea


Time quietly passed as Li Fan continued to familiarize himself with the soul.

With the Ghost Hairpin as a Foundation Treasure, Li Fan's sensitivity to the soul was greatly enhanced. His success rate of identification almost doubled. From one in a thousand to one in five hundred, it was a huge leap!

"It's indeed useful. Unfortunately, my original foundation was too poor. To improve to a qualified level, I still need to continue training."

As Li Fan wholeheartedly immersed himself in comprehending the soul, the golden light content in the Soul Gathering Bead rapidly decreased.

Seven days later, after fifteen originally eliminated lucky individuals all returned to the Huan Yu Courtyard, the second phase of closed training officially began.

The students more or less heard about the "accidental" deaths of Tantai Tao and others, and their expressions were somewhat subtle.

But everyone understood that this matter was quite deep, and no one openly discussed it.

In addition to studying the inner formation structure of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, the training in the second phase focused on deepening the accuracy of sensing Soul Contracts.

It was required to reach one hundred percent accuracy.

For substitute members like Li Fan who were originally not up to standard, this was somewhat difficult.

Fortunately, Ji Hongdao also took this into consideration and "thoughtfully" prepared additional special training for these lagging students.

"You were originally eliminated, but due to some changes, you returned here."

"This is your fate. Although your talent is not as good as others, your luck is better than those geniuses."

"Luck... is very important."

"Most of you were eliminated earlier because your sensing of Soul Contracts was inadequate. The wasted Soul Gathering Beads indicates that you all are not proficient in this aspect."

"Since that's the case, to ensure your qualification, we can only try a different method." Ji Hongdao looked at Li Fan and the others expressionlessly, waving his hand.

Suddenly, several golden chains stretched out from all directions in the void, binding their hands and feet.

Ignoring the somewhat astonished expressions of the students, Ji Hongdao said coldly, "This method is extremely dangerous. If you can't hold on, becoming a senseless idiot is the best outcome. Death would be a blessing in the worst outcomes."

"The reason why this method wasn't used before is because for ordinary cultivators, the death rate is too high."

"However..." There was a hint of color in Ji Hongdao's eyes.

"Since your luck is good, then it shouldn't be a problem to hold on." With a gentle clap, the surroundings suddenly changed.

The sound of surging waves came, and Li Fan and the others were bound by golden chains on rocks by the sea.

Although their limbs were bound, it did not affect their field of view.

Li Fan squinted his eyes, surveying the "sea" ahead. The aura emanating from this ocean was eerie.

Listening carefully, amidst the sound of the waves, there seemed to be countless cries of pain mixed in. "This is..." Li Fan realized something, and his expression slightly changed.

"In front of you is the famous Resentful Soul Sea of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"For thousands of years, all fragmented souls of Five Elders Association cultivators who died in the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance have been absorbed into this Resentful Soul Sea."

"Day by day, month by month, who knows how many souls have been gathered in this sea over time."

"Every drop of seawater may contain the souls of dozens of cultivators."

"Since you all cannot discern the Soul Contracts by comprehending one by one, then quantity must be the solution."

Ji Hongdao said in a cold voice, his eyes slightly downcast.

With his words, it seemed like the Resentful Soul Sea responded to the call.

Tumultuous waves arose, despite the lack of win.

Suddenly, waves several dozen meters high formed and rushed towards Li Fan and the others who were bound on the rocks by the sea.

At the moment of contact with the seawater, countless scenes and emotions instantly appeared in Li Fan's mind.

Ji Hongdao had no consideration for whether they could accept such immense information in such a short time.

The condensed souls violently and eagerly spread in Li Fan's mind.

They forcefully occupied all the blank spaces.

The massive impact suddenly arrived, catching Li Fan off guard, and almost causing him to lose his focus and sense of self.

Cursing inwardly, Li Fan struggled to maintain his consciousness amidst this tide of souls.

At the same time, the Dao Transformation Stone in his mind operated at full capacity, quickly sorting and processing the immense amount of information contained in the souls.

Perhaps due to the danger to his life, the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra at this moment also accelerated its operation rate.

It absorbed all the emotions such as joy, anger, grief, and fear from the souls.

With both methods employed, a long time passed before Li Fan barely managed to endure.

Glancing at the surrounding cultivators from the corner of his eye, Li Fan saw that one of them couldn't bear it and dissolved directly under the impact of the waves from the Resentful Soul Sea.

Their soul also became part of the seawater.

The rest all had blank eyes.

However, the occasional movements of their eyeballs indicated that their consciousness had not completely faded.

There were only two or three people like Li Fan who had managed to recover under the assault of the soul tide.

However, the terrifying and ferocious expressions on their faces indicated the pain they were currently enduring.

Li Fan didn't have much time to think before the second wave followed immediately.

Sinking, resisting, recovering, and then sinking again in this cycle, it was unknown how long had passed before the seawater finally calmed down.

The chains disappeared, and everyone slumped down, exhausted, and sat on the ground.

"Indeed, all of your fortunes are not bad. Out of fifteen people, surprisingly, eleven managed to hold on," Ji Hongdao exclaimed, somewhat amazed.

"Fate is truly mysterious. Although invisible, it truly exists. You should know that according to our previous statistics, the survival rate of ordinary cultivators under the impact of the Resentful Soul Sea is only one percent."

"Very good!" Ji Hongdao seemed pleased. "Today's special training is over. You all can go back and rest!"

Everyone couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

"We will continue tomorrow," Ji Hongdao continued.

Upon hearing this, everyone felt lingering fear and looked grim.

Their ability to hold on today was undoubtedly thanks to luck. Who knew if they could endure tomorrow?

Some couldn't help but consider giving up.

After all, compared to the prospects of becoming a Formation Master, their own lives were more important.

However, all these people were halted by Ji Hongdao's cold statement: "Thinking of quitting now? It's too late."

"The Resentful Soul Sea is precious. It's difficult for our Formation Hall to apply for it. Either endure it or become part of it."

The rejected cultivators looked lifeless.

But Li Fan didn't feel any fear.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 300: Axe Tears Through the Sky


Returning to his own courtyard, Li Fan once again extracted a strand of soul to begin studying.

This time, Li Fan keenly sensed a difference compared to before.

In the vast white space, originally Li Fan could not effectively identify the existence of Soul Contracts, relying solely on intuitive guesswork.

However, after the countless washings of the Resentful Soul Sea, it seemed to have caused some kind of miraculous change in Li Fan's own soul.

After a round of testing, Li Fan was pleasantly surprised to find that his success rate in identification had jumped from two thousandths to three percent.

"It seems that this kind of straightforward method suits me. With a few more times, identifying Soul Contracts won't be a problem." Li Fan couldn't help but feel a bit surprised.

With the assistance of the Dao Transformation Stone and the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra`, the Resentful Soul Sea posed almost no risk to Li Fan.

Instead, it presented a great opportunity.

Li Fan faintly felt that his soul had become stronger, similar to the time he used the Intent Horse.

This made Li Fan even look forward to the arrival of tomorrow's washing in the Resentful Soul Sea.

In this way, through continuous learning and training, as well as with the washing of souls from the Resentful Soul Sea, Li Fan's success rate in sensing Soul Contracts steadily increased.

It went from five percent to ten percent, and then to fifty percent...

When there were only eight survivors left of the original fifteen, this additional special training finally ended.

At this time, Li Fan's accuracy had also stabilized at a rate of eighty percent.

Ji Hongdao's evaluation was that he was in the middle of the pack: barely acceptable, but with promising prospects.

However, the time limit for the application of the Resentful Soul Sea requested by the Formation Hall had expired.

Li Fan had no more opportunities for special training, and in the future, he could only rely on his own training to improve.

However, after so many days of washing in the Resentful Soul Sea and intimate contact with countless cultivators from the Five Elders Association who had Soul Contracts, Li Fan had already vaguely mastered the method of identifying Soul Contracts.

As long as there was a familiar feeling surging in the soul, then there were probably Soul Contract imprints in it.

Then, after a final screening, the accuracy rate greatly improved.

With his weak point eliminated, Li Fan's ranking among these talented formation experts also steadily rose.

As Li Fan continued his studies in this Huan Yu Courtyard, the 27th year.

Cong Yun Sea. Near the deserted island.

Xiao Heng stood against the wind, his demeanor completely different from before.

A hundred and eight azure water swords constantly rotated beside him, forming a mysterious formation.

He looked at the sea below with a solemn expression. A strange cry came from the depths of the sea. The shadow under the sea surface quickly expanded.

In an instant, it enveloped Xiao Heng.

The giant shadow of a strange beast suddenly appeared, opening its huge mouth, ready to devour Xiao Heng.

A hint of blue light flashed in Xiao Heng's eyes. In an instant, his figure became somewhat illusory.

He disappeared in place, evading the beast's attack.

In the sky above, Xiao Heng looked at the beast whose attack had failed, a faint smile appearing on his face.

With a gentle blow, the clouds around him were attracted and converged towards him.

One after another, figures completely made of clouds and bearing great similarity to Xiao Heng rapidly took shape.

Ten, a hundred, a thousand... In an instant, a large army of cloud people had formed. They wielded swords and attacked the beast below.

In an instant, sword lights crisscrossed, and millions of explosions bloomed on the beast's body.

"Weak! Too weak!"

"Xiao Heng, are you tickling me?"

At this moment, the beast actually spoke human language, and it turned out to be the voice of Ye Feipeng.

Effortlessly blocking Xiao Heng's attacks, Ye Feipeng's huge body trembled slightly.

The seawater surged, creating waves hundreds of feet high. The beast leaped into the air, transforming into a bird and soaring into the sky.

Faced with the thousands of cloud people, it was completely indifferent.

It charged straight ahead with an unstoppable momentum.

In just a moment, it smashed all the cloud people to pieces and arrived beside Xiao Heng.

Xiao Heng's expression remained unchanged, and his figure became illusory once again.

After a moment, he appeared in another position in the sky.

"Fatty, what use is there in having brute strength?"

"Your attacks against me are like throwing axes into the sky. The sky is so high, so vast. No matter how high the axe is thrown, it can't touch even the surface of the sky!"

"This is one of the four laws I've comprehended, the Law of Emptiness!"

"What do you think?" Xiao Heng's tone revealed a hint of pride.

Before, when he was about to form his Golden Core, he had an intuition in his heart that led him to the center of the Cong Yun Sea.

When he saw the towering transparent structure in the sky, Xiao Heng was deeply moved.

The Cloud Water Heavenly Palace harbored countless opportunities within.

Many cultivators risked their lives to enter, hoping to become wealthy overnight. But...

They all overlooked the fact that the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace itself is a miracle! Clouds and water took form, drifting in the sky. Between reality and illusion, it was a magnificent sight!

Xiao Heng stood outside the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace for nearly a year. During this time, countless cultivators came and went, pointing at him.

He ignored them all, just focusing on careful comprehension.

In the end, by observing the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, he comprehended the Law of Clouds and the Law of Emptiness.

Coupled with the Ocean Law and the Sword Law he obtained from cultivating the "Sea Fixing Sword Technique, he finally condensed his Golden Core with these four laws!

Shortly after returning to the deserted island, he encountered Ye Feipeng, who had also broken through to the Golden Core realm. With his greatly improved strength, Xiao Heng couldn't resist the urge to spar with him.

Ye Feipeng readily agreed. Thus, the battle occurred.

When the two fought, despite being mentally prepared, Xiao Heng was still surprised.

Ye Feipeng's "beast transformation" became even more complete. He could completely shed his human form, transforming into a true demonic beast.

In the form of a Kun, his body was incredibly massive, hidden in the sea, and his speed was extremely fast, making him unpredictable.

With just a moment's carelessness, he would leap out from under the sea and swallow everything he touched into his mouth.

In the form of a Peng, his speed increased even further. When his wings spread high, hurricanes would accompany him. With the combined speed and strength, his destructive power was extraordinary.

Xiao Heng's 108 Sea Fixing Sword Technique Formation had been directly shattered by him.

Fortunately, Xiao Heng's mysterious Law of Emptiness allowed him to always evade Ye Feipeng's ferocious attacks.

Seeing that it was the same this time, the fatty became somewhat enraged.

"Calling yourself the sky to my axe? Xiao Heng, you are too confident!"

"Human strength is limited, and you are only a Golden Core cultivator. How can you compare to the real sky!"

"If you are the sky..."

"Then I will devour the sky!"

Amidst the thunderous roar, the already huge body of the Peng expanded once again.

His wings flapped, and countless strands of green wind formed chains, sealing off the sky in front of him.

Then, his big mouth opened, and a black shadow emerged from it.

That shadow seemed to contain endless suction, and the sky's scenery began to distort, moving towards its mouth.

Xiao Heng's face changed slightly as he tried to change his form once again.

But to his horror, he discovered that the previously invincible Law of Emptiness had lost its effectiveness at this moment!

His body uncontrollably flew towards the terrifying monster's mouth. Under the tremendous pressure emanating from all around his body, the flow of spiritual energy within him ceased.

Seeing this, Xiao Heng could only helplessly shout, "I admit defeat! I admit defeat!"

A trace of blood red flashed in the eyes of the Peng, and he showed no intention of stopping.

Fortunately, after a moment, black once again occupied the beast's eyes, and Ye Feipeng regained his senses, stopping his actions.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 301: Beast Gradually Devours the Heart


With a loud roar, the colossal creature in front of Xiao Heng gradually shrank, eventually returning to Ye Feipeng's original appearance.

Xiao Pang twisted his neck, and there were crackling sounds from his bones all over his body.

"Xiao Heng, what do you think of my law?" Ye Feipeng asked proudly.

Xiao Heng didn't feel discouraged by his defeat but curiously looked at Ye Feipeng, then flew up and began to touch and pinch him randomly.

"Fatty, what kind of law did you use to form your Golden Core? As a human, how can you transform into a demonic beast? I thought the wings on your back were your limit, but I didn't expect you to go further!"

Ye Feipeng didn't stop Xiao Heng's hands and held his head high, looking disdainfully.

Instead of directly answering Xiao Heng's question, he said with a tilted head, "The power of the holy beast Kun Peng is naturally extraordinary. How about it? Jealous?"

"This time, I awakened a part of my bloodline power again and comprehended a divine ability from ancient memories."

"It is called Bloodline Transference. It can divide a portion of the vigorous Kun Peng essence blood in my body and transfer it to others. After absorbing it, the other party can inherit some of the Kun Peng's divine abilities. Furthermore, my own strength will not be affected."

"It's just like what the Kun Peng did back then to my Ye family ancestor."

"Do you want to give it a try?"

Ye Feipeng said with temptation, "With your current Four Law Golden Core cultivation, if you obtain Kun Peng essence blood, I'm afraid your strength will far surpass mine in no time. Don't you want to give it a try?"

"Holy beast Kun Peng?" Xiao Heng's eyes flashed with a trace of doubt.

Ye Feipeng had always called them "demonic beasts."

Why did he change his terminology to "holy beasts?"

After glancing at Ye Feipeng, Xiao Heng calmly refused, "Haha, it's fine. Your way of fighting is too violent. My Law of Emptiness is more handsome and suitable for me."

Seeing this, Ye Feipeng stared at Xiao Heng for a long time but ultimately didn't insist.

"By the way, how do you interpret the warning from Senior Skull?" After a moment of silence, Xiao Heng suddenly asked.

Not long ago, Senior Skull, who had been sleeping for a long time, suddenly woke up.

After leaving a warning message of "Escape, leave the Cong Yun Sea!" he fell asleep again.

This puzzled Xiao Heng.

Although he didn't know what Senior Skull predicted, out of his trust in it, Xiao Heng planned to lead everyone to flee from the Cong Yun Sea and seek refuge in the nearest Shilin Province.

Ye Feipeng's gaze flickered, and he thought to himself: "It seems that this old relic really has some secrets. He can sense something about the upcoming appearance of the Crimson Flame. However..."

Just hesitating for a moment, the fatty's eyes became extremely firm again.

"When the Crimson Flame descends, it's a disaster for ordinary people, but for me, it's a great opportunity."

"I've been waiting for so many years just for this moment. How could I easily give up?"

Thinking of this, he calmly said, "Although Senior Skull's powers are great, he's seriously injured and greatly weakened. His words shouldn't be completely trusted. I think it's just him being overly suspicious."

"We've been staying in the Cong Yun Sea for so many years, and we've been fine. What could happen?"

Xiao Heng looked at Ye Feipeng's nonchalant expression, feeling even more suspicious.

Based on Xiao Heng's understanding of the fatty, if there were any uncertain risks in the past, he would definitely choose to believe in their existence rather than ignore them and would opt to escape at first thought.

He would absolutely not be as carefree as he was now, ignoring the possible crisis.

Is it because his strength had increased, leading to an arrogant mentality? Or is it because of the influence of the Kun Peng's bloodline?

Feeling somewhat uneasy, Xiao Heng didn't directly refute or admonish, but instead showed a look of thoughtfulness.

After chatting for a while, Xiao Heng bid farewell in haste.

Watching Xiao Heng's departing figure, Ye Feipeng's gaze turned dark.

"Well, it's just some mundane relationship. It's better to cut it off early. After I achieve Dao Integration, I don't want people crawling back."

The fatty snorted coldly, looking up at the sky, a hint of blood red flashed in his eyes. "Fate is with me. I will surely succeed in integrating with the Dao!"

Dark wings unfolded from behind, and with a slight flap, Ye Feipeng's figure disappeared in an instant.

On the deserted island, Xiao Heng, who was talking with Su Changyu, felt Ye Feipeng's departure. He glanced into the distance, his expression inexplicable.

"Senior Skull has left instructions, and he wouldn't pass us empty rumors. As a precaution, let's leave the Cong Yun Sea."

Su Changyu nodded, agreeing with Xiao Heng's decision.

When they first came to the cultivation world from Dali, there were seven others with Xiao Heng. However, Li Fan had chosen them at random for the sake of show. Over the eighteen years, some fell ill and passed away.

Some couldn't rid themselves of the miasma in their bodies, giving up on cultivation. Unable to endure the hardship on the deserted island, they begged Xiao Heng to send them to nearby mortal islands to live out their lives.

Among the seven, only a man and a woman remained, barely entering the Qi Condensation stage. These two, who had been together day and night, developed feelings for each other and became a couple.

Recently, they had a child named Han Wuyou. Together with the Yin sisters, these were all the people on the desolate island.

The flying boat on the island could still be used, making relocation relatively easy. However... Xiao Heng frowned.

"Yueting and Yuzhen, those two girls seem to be up to something lately, acting mysterious and responding to messages very perfunctorily."

"I'll go see what they're up to and bring them over."

Fortunately, the sisters left their location in advance, making them easy to find. Seven days later, Xiao Heng arrived in front of the sisters.

To Xiao Heng's surprise, there was a Foundation Establishment cultivator with the sisters. With his shifty eyes, he didn't seem like a good person.

Yin Yueting frowned at this moment, looking displeased. "Zhao Erbao, how much more do you need to collect to reproduce the so-called Dao resonance you mentioned?"

"My sister and I have worked so hard this time, and we've brought back a bunch of antiques. You've only picked out a few usable ones? Are you trying to fool us?"

Zhao Erbao hurriedly smiled bitterly, "Miss, how dare I deceive you? These Dao resonance artifacts are hard to find. You've brought back so many in such a short time, which is already amazing!"

"Even if you gave me ten times my guts, I wouldn't dare to deceive you!"

"Dao resonance artifacts?" Xiao Heng listened to their conversation, his eyes narrowing.

Yin Yuzhen transmitted her voice to explain the ins and outs of the matter to Xiao Heng.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 302: Tianxuan Newborn Mirror


It turned out that the two sisters returned to their hometown, eliminated all their past enemies, vented their anger, and were about to return to the deserted island when they accidentally encountered Zhao Erbao, who was acting strangely.

Yin Yuzhen sensed that this person was involved in a great opportunity.

The two sisters, who had both established their foundations, were no longer comparable to ordinary mortals.

So they chose to secretly follow Zhao Erbao to his lair, caught him off guard, and forced him to submit. Then they chose to interrogate him.

At first, Zhao Erbao was still stubborn, claiming he didn't know anything and was just an ordinary cultivator.

But under the methods of the two sisters, he soon cried and confessed everything.

"Sea Covering Palm, Dao resonance artifacts?" Xiao Heng exclaimed, his expression filled with surprise.

If Zhao Erbao wasn't lying, it would truly be a huge stroke of luck. However, the crisis hinted at by Senior Skull was imminent and couldn't be delayed.

"How many more pieces are needed?" Xiao Heng asked coldly, releasing the aura of a Golden Core cultivator.

Zhao Erbao hesitated, cold sweat dripping, and quickly replied, "A little more than another hundred pieces to form the Dao resonance would be enough for us to comprehend."

After pondering for a moment, Xiao Heng immediately decided, "I'll inform Changyu and the others to help collect them as soon as possible."

"Once the quantity is enough, we'll leave the Cong Yun Sea immediately."

The Yin sisters were stunned at the words. "Leave the Cong Yun Sea?"

Xiao Heng immediately informed them of the warning from Senior Skull. The two sisters' expressions changed slightly, nodding secretly.

Three months later, a flying boat filled with Dao resonance artifacts, carrying the people leaving the Cong Yun Sea, set sail towards the direction of Shilin Province.

At the same time, on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, where Li Fan's clone was located.

"Fellow Daoist Fan Lin? Fellow Daoist Fan Lin?" The communication talisman which had been silent for a long time suddenly received a message.

Waking up from cultivation, the clone sensed it and smiled faintly.

"Is fellow Daoist Fan Lin here? I recently received a tip-off that there may be changes in the Cong Yun Sea."

"If fellow Daoist is still in the Cong Yun Sea, it's best to leave quickly."

"The sales of the Minor Medicine King Cauldron have been stable for the past few years, and I have sold most of them."

"The approximate location of the falling point of the meteor has become clear, it seems to be in the Cangwu Abyss. Some cultivators have already gone to explore. The Cangwu Abyss is bottomless, and it will take some years to find its traces."

"But I also plan to accelerate the progress of my sales. By the time the true colors of the meteor are revealed, it will be the time for the bubble we created to burst. By then, the price of the Minor Medicine King Cauldron will definitely plummet, and it will be impossible to sell."

Jiao Xiuyuan chattered on for a while, then transferred thirty thousand contribution points.

Over the years, he had indeed kept his promise, giving Li Fan a portion of the profit every time he sold a Minor Medicine King Cauldron.

In total, he transferred two hundred and sixty thousand contribution points to Li Fan.

They were all exchanged for supreme spirit stones and stored in the White Bone Realm.

"Fellow Daoist Jiao is indeed a conscientious businessman."

"Perhaps in the next life, we can cooperate again."

Li Fan replied to Jiao Xiuyuan, indicating that he already knew and thanking him for his concern. After exchanging a few pleasantries, he ended the conversation.

"Finally, it's coming..." There was a burst of emotion in the clone's heart, who seized the last moments to comprehend and deduce the Creation Forge Art.

28th year, Tianyu Province.

Li Fan, who had made up for his shortcomings, had completed the second phase of the closed training.

His Soul Contract recognition rate was one hundred percent, and his performance on the knowledge assessment of formation structure had always been excellent.

Nowadays, among the numerous formation talents, Li Fan ranked among the best.

More and more cultivators were getting close to him. They all sent him friend requests.

Li Fan didn't pretend to be aloof. He accepted all the requests with a smile.

Furthermore, he fully utilized the multi-threading ability of the Dao Transformation Stone, deepening his relationship with these friends while studying.

Gradually, Li Fan's image of being friendly and welcoming began to take shape in everyone's mind.

Since the second phase of closed training had been completed, it was time for relaxation. Learning from past lessons, Ji Hongdao didn't let the students go out this time.

He just let them rest in the Huan Yu Courtyard.

Taking advantage of this rare and leisurely moment, Li Fan's network expanded rapidly.

After another month of recuperation, he adjusted his body and mind to the best state. The final phase of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array closed training was about to begin.

Li Fan was also looking forward to it.

This was because according to what Ji Hongdao had said, the final phase of training might be related to one of the greatest treasures of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the Tianxuan Mirror.

On this day, Ji Hongdao summoned everyone with a serious expression. Shangguan Shi also appeared by his side.

"Next, you will see the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array's formation core. I think you all should have guessed that the reason why this formation is named Tianxuan Locking Spirit is because of the role the Tianxuan Mirror plays."

"In fact, the main component of each formation core is a newborn mirror incarnation of the Tianxuan Mirror."

Even though they had been mentally prepared, when Ji Hongdao said it out loud, everyone present couldn't help but reveal a shocked expression.

Ignoring everyone's expressions, Ji Hongdao continued, "Although the Tianxuan Mirror has countless incarnations, the value of these newborn mirrors is incomparable with any normal incarnations."

"As we all know, the Tianxuan Mirror has its own spiritual wisdom."

"For thousands of years, it had been learning and growing like a cultivator."

"The newer the mirror incarnation, the stronger its effectiveness."

"These newborn mirrors were just generated three years ago. Originally, they were planned to be used for..."

"Well, in any case, their value can't be measured by contribution points or spirit stones."

"The opportunity to observe the production process of these formation cores was also difficult for our Formation Hall to obtain."

"You all need to sign a confidentiality agreement."

At that moment, Shangguan Shi, who had been standing still, finally made a move, gently pointing his finger, and countless golden lights dispersed and flew in front of everyone.

Without hesitation, everyone cleanly wrote their names on it.

Ji Hongdao continued, "As the formation core of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array, the newborn mirror plays a crucial role in controlling the overall situation of the formation."

"If you want to construct the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array, you must achieve a hundred percent match between the formation structure and the newborn mirror."

"Before being encapsulated inside the formation, it is in its most primitive and pure state."

"Therefore, only by seizing this rare opportunity can you understand it, thus greatly improving the accuracy and success rate of constructing the formation."

"Without this, building a qualified Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array would be extremely difficult."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 303: First Look at the Tianxuan Mirror


"This opportunity only comes once, you must seize it," Ji Hongdao's tone was very serious.

The students also understood that such opportunities might only come once in a lifetime. Even with a strong mindset, they couldn't help but feel apprehensive and expectant.

In front of everyone, Ji Hongdao took out a communication talisman and seemed to be contacting someone. After a moment, he nodded, ending the call. He took out a Tianxuan Minor Mirror from his storage ring.

He threw it up, suspending it high above everyone's heads. Then he took out a silver-colored jade slip and gently crushed it. Instantly, countless jumbled characters emerged from the jade slip.

Ji Hongdao chanted a spell, and those characters flew towards the Tianxuan Minor Mirror in the sky in a specific sequence.

Li Fan squinted his eyes. He saw, on the Tianxuan Mirror, paragraphs of text flashing rapidly one after another.

As the characters continued to change, after absorbing the words from the jade slip, the originally ordinary Tianxuan Minor Mirror underwent a strange transformation.

The outline of the mirror began to dissolve and disappear after emitting a faint light. The mirror surface was no longer constrained and began to expand rapidly in all directions.

In the blink of an eye, a palm-sized mirror turned into a huge gate a hundred feet high and thirty feet wide.

On the towering and wide mirror surface, there was no reflection of the surrounding scenery, only streams of silver light circulating.

As everyone marveled at the changes before them, Ji Hongdao flew to the front of the mirror surface and cast a spell.

A silver beam of light shot out from the mirror surface, enveloping Ji Hongdao. A segment of characters appeared and disappeared on the mirror surface in an instant.

It seemed to confirm Ji Hongdao's identity. The beam of light dimmed, and then a black figure appeared in the center of the mirror surface.

In an instant, it expanded to cover the entire mirror surface. A rectangular spatial passage appeared in front of everyone.

"This is..."

"Any mirror incarnation of the Tianxuan Mirror can be used as a node to activate spatial teleportation?"

"It seems to require both password and identity verification." Based on this scene, Li Fan speculated to himself.

"Follow me. Only after passing the Tianxuan Mirror's identity verification can you enter the passage." After speaking, Ji Hongdao flew in first. With excited hearts, the students couldn't wait to fly closer.

Whenever someone was about to approach the passage, a silver beam of light fell from above, locking onto them.

Without any abnormality, the beam of light disappeared again in an instant, indicating a successful verification.

"This seems to have the same principle as the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array." Li Fan thought to himself as he followed the others into the spatial passage.

A feeling of dizziness suddenly came over him.

It felt extremely similar to long-distance teleportation, as if time and space were stretched and perception was distorted.

In the next moment, it was like being ripped out of a membrane that covered the entire body. Li Fan fell into a strange space. All colors faded in an instant, and everything in sight was gray and white.

Black lines whizzed from a distant horizon, brushing against everyone's bodies, some even passing through, racing towards the infinite distance.

White lines shot out from either above or below, heading in the opposite direction.

Occasionally, black and white lines collided, intertwining until they eventually formed a void point.

The duration of the void point varied.

Some lasted for moments, some for several breaths, still existing. But in the end, they would all be completely annihilated.

Just as everyone was staring at the somewhat surreal and fantastical scene before them, their heads spun, and their perspective was suddenly elevated. They saw that this world was nearly boundless.

Black and white lines seemed to move rapidly without any pattern, yet also seemed to follow some kind of rules. They collided, mingled, and void points were born and extinguished in a constant blink. Lost in this magnificent scene, it took a long time for everyone to return to their senses.

"It is said that all the secrets of the world are hidden in this black and white. Unfortunately, I am incompetent and cannot comprehend it," Ji Hongdao's somewhat regretful voice sounded in everyone's ears.

"Let's go, the newborn mirror is just ahead."

Ji Hongdao casually grabbed a passing black line, and in an instant, his figure disappeared along with the black line, vanishing from everyone's sight.

Seeing this, the students followed suit, grabbing the black lines passing by them.

As if he had become one with the black line, the originally fast-moving gray world slowed down considerably in Li Fan's eyes.

Moving towards the distant goal, any white lines they encountered seemed to have self-awareness and would actively avoid them.

Li Fan observed the scenery along the way with amazement.

After who knows how long, they arrived at the edge of this gray world. The black lines faded and disappeared, and one by one, everyone returned to their original state. Ahead, there was a colorful halo that seemed out of place in the gray-white world.

It felt like it had been a long time since they had last seen color.

When Li Fan saw the churning and twisting colors not far away, he inexplicably felt a sense of nausea and disgust.

Black and white clashed and collided against the colors.

Although no sound was emitted, Li Fan could feel two powerful forces competing and trembling in space.

In the confrontation, part of the colorful mass seemed to be cut off by the gray.

Losing its original colors, it became gray, quietly floating at the edge of space. After a long time, a faint flash of light appeared on it simultaneously.

Originally gray-white, it began to slowly become somewhat crystalline and translucent.

Ji Hongdao didn't speak, but all the students understood that what they were seeing was the birth process of the Tianxuan Mirror's newborn mirror.

They all focused their minds and carefully comprehended.

Li Fan was slightly stunned. First, he looked around, then sensed his own body's condition. He couldn't help but fall into contemplation. Time seemed to be accelerated.

The light continued to flicker, and the gray disappeared completely. One by one, new mirrors were born.

Some stayed in place after being born, while others suddenly disappeared, heading to unknown destinations. But overall, the vast majority floated at the edge of the gray world.

The number of mirrors accumulated more and more.

Eventually, at a certain moment.

Countless black and white threads surged from the gray world towards the newborn mirrors.

Black and white intertwined, like the most exquisite loom, quickly weaving clothes for these newborns. When the mirrors were completely covered by the weaving of black and white threads, black and white merged in an instant.

A smooth ball with chaotic black and white coloration appeared.

"This is the formation core of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array," Ji Hongdao's voice sounded just right.

"Did you all see it clearly?" The voice suddenly drifted away. All the surrounding scenes froze.

They all shattered.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 304: Crimson Flame Attacks


The next moment...

Li Fan suddenly came to his senses, stopping himself from flying forward.

Looking back, the black "spatial passage" was right behind him.

There was actually no teleportation at all. Everything that had just been experienced was all an illusion that appeared in his mind the moment he passed through the black "spatial passage."

"No, that's not right..."

Li Fan pondered over what he had seen before.

It felt too real!

Comparatively, it was even more real than the Fallen Immortal Realm.

"It's more like direct interaction of consciousness rather than an illusion..." Li Fan squinted his eyes, the blue crystal in his mind flashing continuously.

The scenes from just now replayed in his mind.

But...

The feeling between the recording and the actual experience was vastly different.

The mysterious feeling of black and white lines intertwining and colliding in the gray space was impossible to experience again.

He could only slightly reminisce based on the feeling in his memory.

At this moment, the formation students present also came back to their senses.

Some looked at the gradually shrinking black passage that had already completed its mission with astonishment.

Some even showed a hint of confusion.

"While the feelings from before are still fresh in your mind, go back and comprehend them,"

"Oh right..."

"It may take you all some time to adjust your bodies back."

Ji Hongdao said with a smile.

At Ji Hongdao's words, Li Fan was suddenly startled.

Only then did he realize that the world in his eyes had become black and white.

It had lost all color.

What made Li Fan even more surprised was that without Ji Hongdao's reminder, he didn't even realize this, as if he had always been born this way.

"Assimilation? Influence on thinking?"

"As the foundation of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the Tianxuan Mirror is indeed extraordinary."

If Li Fan had only seen the Tianxuan Mirror as an extremely powerful Heavenly Treasure before.

Then now, in Li Fan's eyes, the Tianxuan Mirror was no different from those powerful figures hiding behind the scenes.

The first time he saw the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan's heart might still have a greedy desire to take possession of the mirror.

But now...

Even if the true body of the Tianxuan Mirror was placed in front of Li Fan, he might not necessarily accept it.

At least not yet.

"What do the black and white lines represent? What does the colorless world signify?"

Li Fan, who returned to the courtyard to rest, was still deeply immersed in the shock of seeing the Tianxuan Mirror for the first time.

Just as Li Fan was diligently pondering over the final stage of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array.

In the Cong Yun Sea.

The long-awaited spectacle finally began again.

It was just like what happened in the twelfth life before.

In the silent and pitch-black night, the great sun formed by the Golden Sun Immortal Sage suddenly leaped into the sky.

"Since you begged for my help, then I will lend a hand. Whether you succeed or not depends on your own fortune!"

The aged voice of Golden Sun Immortal Sage echoed through the Cong Yun Sea.

Then the sunlight intensified, and everything became visible!

Everything hidden in the darkness was revealed.

The dark night appeared as bright as day.

The creatures in the Cong Yun Sea all woke up from their slumber.

They looked up at the sky in astonishment.

Inevitably, some sharp-eyed cultivators saw the crimson figure standing quietly in the sky.

"The Heavenly Spirit, Crimson Flame!"

A name appeared in the eyes of all the cultivators who saw it.

Irresistible greed surged from their minds, and they flew toward Crimson Flame in the sky like moths to a flame, fearless of death.

On the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, the commotion also lasted for a moment.

But the protective shield formed by the Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation soon expanded, blocking the sight of the cultivators.

At this moment, Li Fan's clone also emerged from the Tianxuan Mirror, looking up at the sky.

Under the collective gaze of the stunned cultivators, against the backdrop of the death announcements of the many cultivators who died due to greed, the long-hidden group of Soul Transformation True Monarchs made their move.

The first to make a move was still True Monarch Ziyun.

A brilliant star river composed of countless twinkling stars intertwined with the golden sun.

The light formed a cage, trapping the Crimson Flame that had just descended into the world.

"Center!"

A loud shout rang out.

Five arrows, like silver rays of light, appeared out of nowhere, piercing through the limbs and chest of the Crimson Flame in an instant.

These arrows expanded and surged like iron chains, firmly locking the Crimson Flame in place!

"Hmm?"

"It seems that True Monarch Haoxuan has made significant improvement in his strength?"

Li Fan watched this scene, squinting his eyes, somewhat surprised.

Crimson Flame squinted slightly, and flames surged on its body.

Under the intense heat, the air became distorted.

The silver chains formed by the arrows also quickly dissipated.

Not only that, but the Crimson Flame flicked its fingers.

In an instant, six tiny flames burst forth and whistled in different directions.

One went towards the star river, dimming it.

One flew towards the sun in the sky, and the flames were intense enough to obscure the sun's brilliance.

One exploded in the void ahead, causing the entangled silver chains to loosen.

The remaining three each struck towards Tian Yang, Hongxi, and Lancang at the same time.

Crimson Flame's figure paused slightly, and its main body exchanged positions with one of the flames, appearing beside True Monarch Lancang in an instant.

The flames surged and formed a palm, about to pinch True Monarch Lancang to death.

In an instant, the situation of offense and defense reversed.

"Why has Crimson Flame become so powerful?" Li Fan was truly surprised this time.

During the twelfth life, Crimson Flame was almost suppressed by these five True Monarchs.

Unexpectedly, in this life, it could easily gain the upper hand.

"Perhaps all five True Monarchs gained something from the war in Tianling Province, becoming stronger than before."

"However, I didn't expect the Crimson Flame's combat power to increase even more..."

"Hmm?"

Li Fan was slightly stunned and thought of something.

"Five True Monarchs whose combat power has increased by a large margin, along with the Soul Transformation Formation Master Zhang Zhiliang, who is waiting for an opportunity to make a move."

"Add to that Ye Feipeng, who has integrated the bloodline of the Kunpeng has the full assistance from the Cong Yun Sea."

"The overall strength of this sea is incomparable to that of the twelfth life."

"Perhaps it's because they're too powerful, surpassing a certain limit."

"The will of heaven and earth has perceived that the original Crimson Flame would be unable to fulfill the task of incinerating the sea, so it has strengthened the Crimson Flame?"

"What exactly is the Heavenly Spirit..."

In the blink of an eye, just as Li Fan was about to make a guess, Crimson Flame's attack was about to fall on True Monarch Lancang.

However, amidst the flames, Lancang's face could be vaguely seen, without the slightest hint of fear.

Space twisted and shattered, and a golden luster was reflected.

In an instant, True Monarch Lancang's figure disappeared in place.

In the sky, only the faint voice of Zhang Zhiliang echoed.

"All True Monarchs can attack with confidence. As long as I am here, it will never be able to harm any of you."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 305: Plot Against Crimson Flame


Seemingly provoked by Zhang Zhiliang's words, the flames entangled with the True Monarchs, using the opponent's power as fuel, intensified rapidly.

It was like a festering sore, difficult to eradicate.

Even though Zhang Zhiliang activated formations and constantly shifted the positions of the five True Monarchs, it only slightly slowed down the burning speed of the red flames.

"Fellow Daoists, let's attack!" The voice of True Monarch Hongxi resounded. With his words, an upside-down mountain pressed down towards the Crimson Flame. The mountain was as thin as a needle, yet seemed to carry substantial weight.

The flames around the Crimson Flame kept flickering as if being blown by a strong wind. Its body involuntarily sank downwards.

A shockwave erupted from the point of contact between the two, sweeping and spreading in all directions, creating huge waves, continuously spreading towards the outskirts of the Cong Yun Sea.

Passing over the Ten Thousand Immortals Island below, it even caused a slight sway in the Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation. Under the upside-down mountain, the flames flickered. They seemed to disappear for a moment, ready to reappear and change position.

However, the next moment, the Crimson Flame was somewhat embarrassedly forced to reappear in its original position. In the surrounding space, countless rolling mountain ranges could be vaguely seen.

the Crimson Flame seemed to be trapped in a cage formed by the mountains, unable to move! It lowered its head slightly as if pondering something.

Next, everyone saw that the flames that had been constantly flickering on its body suddenly stopped.

Then, they abruptly contracted towards the center.

Before anyone could react, the Crimson Flame had transformed from a humanoid form into a pure red flame.

It was dazzling and fierce, full of destructive power.

The mountains that trapped it began to melt and collapse due to the extremely high temperature. Seeing the Crimson Flame about to break free, the attacks of the other True Monarchs suddenly came.

"Raging River, Endlessly Flowing!" Silver streams of water descended from the sky. Like dragons, they fiercely collided with the flames.

Although the river water evaporated in an instant, the Lancang River seemed endless, never stopping, slowing down the Crimson Flame's escape speed once again.

"Die!" A childish voice full of killing intent rang out.

In the vast river, a black and red figure quietly appeared beside the Crimson Flame.

Without the slightest breath of life, even with the Crimson Flame's perception, it wasn't until he approached that it suddenly realized.

"Tian Yang?" This black and red puppet was no stranger to Li Fan.

Different from the towering giant he saw before, the current Tian Yang puppet was human-sized.

Even Tian Yang's voice was no longer mechanical like before, but instead similar to a human.

Under the scorching temperature of the Crimson Flame, everything that approached would melt. Even the Soul Transformation Tian Yang puppet was no exception. His exterior seemed like snow under the sun, constantly melting.

But despite the destruction of his body, it seemed to have no effect on Tian Yang's combat power.

Even when his solid form completely dissolved and turned into boiling black and red liquid, Tian Yang still unleashed his power.

"Tian Yang's soul..."

"Not weaker than man!" The viscous material surged continuously, resembling water.

Entwining around the red flame, he didn't retreat even in the face of the Crimson Flame's scorching heat, wanting to contain it with himself.

the Crimson Flame was forced to shrink again.

As the Crimson Flame was attacked, the power of the flames that had been burning alongside the True Monarchs also decreased significantly.

Thus, their attacks became more fierce.

Under the siege of the five Soul Transformation True Monarchs, the Crimson Flame continuously compressed itself. Victory seemed within reach. But...

When compressed to the extreme, the flames disappeared.

There was only a red particle emitting a dazzling light, impossible to look directly at, surrounded by the True Monarchs.

Then, the red particle moved.

With a speed surpassing the perception of all present cultivators, it drew a red line on the vast sky.

It pierced through the black and red viscous substance, creating a large hole in Tian Yang's body.

The central substance completely evaporated, and the surrounding viscous material churned, attempting to heal but suppressed by the residual high temperature, unable to recover.

The Lancang River and the upside-down mountain were instantly split in half by the red line. The river dried up, and the mountain collapsed. Two muffled groans sounded simultaneously.

True Monarch Haoxuan continuously fired silver arrows, but the silver lights couldn't match the speed of the flickering red line.

Instead, they were assimilated during the chase, turning into red hot arrows and shooting out again in different directions. The red line kept running wildly across the sky.

Anything blocking its path was evaporated by its destructive power.

Silver light kept flashing as Zhang Zhiliang helped the True Monarchs shift positions and resist the Crimson Flame's attacks. But even so, the True Monarchs' disadvantage kept growing. At this moment, Zhang Zhiliang finally acted again.

One thousand... two thousand... ten thousand...

Densely packed, countless silver cubes suddenly appeared in the sky, blocking the airspace where the Crimson Flame and the five True Monarchs were fighting.

They appeared disorganized, but Li Fan could see that these numerous star-like formation crowns, both real and illusory, were forming a certain formation.

"Gather spirits!" Zhang Zhiliang coldly commanded.

Part of the formation in the sky, along with Zhang Zhiliang's voice, jointly bloomed with silver light. A super large-scale Spirit Gathering Formation composed of countless small Spirit Gathering Formations suddenly appeared.

A strong wind suddenly swept through the Cong Yun Sea, raising towering waves.

Spiritual energy crazily surged towards the area covered by the formation and was absorbed by the injured True Monarchs. In an instant, the True Monarchs' strength returned to its peak.

"Freeze!"

Zhang Zhiliang acted again. Another part of the formation emitted brilliance at his command. The temperature in the sky plummeted, and ice crystals formed in the air.

It seemed like even the air was frozen. The speed of the red line's movement slowed down.

"Stall!"

In an instant, countless silver-white threads emerged from the formation, entwining the red line.

"Birth and death!" "Obliteration!" One after another, formations were consecutively activated.

the Crimson Flame's strength was suppressed, while the True Monarchs' strength increased. As the two sides fought, the odds were gradually evened.

The shackles formed by the great sun and the star river in the sky blocked the Crimson Flame's connection with the heavens and earth.

However, the five Soul Transformation True Monarchs were free to absorb the spiritual energy within the Cong Yun Sea for replenishment.

Although the Crimson Flame in this life was much stronger than before, if this continued, defeat was inevitable.

Just when Li Fan thought the battle would continue in the direction of attrition, there was another change in the battlefield.

Sensing that it was about to fall into an unfavorable situation, the Crimson Flame transformed back from the glowing particle into human form.

"What's going on?"

Not only Li Fan but all the cultivators present were somewhat puzzled by this scene. The Soul Transformation True Monarchs on the battlefield were all shocked.

Suddenly, weapons completely made of flames appeared beside the Crimson Flame.

Swords, spears, axes, halberds, knives... the Crimson Flame's figure flickered.

Then, beside each weapon, a Crimson Flame appeared! In an instant, the world fell into a strange stillness. There were a total of eighteen Crimson Flame clones, each attacking one of the five True Monarchs.

There was a commotion on the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

"Is this a clone technique?"

"Dealing with one Crimson Flame was already so difficult for the True Monarchs. If eighteen appear at once... How can they fight? Isn't it a sure defeat?"

"I don't think so. There must be a gap between these clones and the original Crimson Flame."

"Still, those numbers can't just be for show! Furthermore, the weapons have greatly increased its lethality."

During the discussions of the crowd, some cultivators already felt something was amiss.

They tried to leave through the teleportation formation but were horrified to find that all the teleportation formations had lost their effectiveness.

Panic immediately spread on the island, and some cultivators attempted to fly out from the Cong Yun Sea.

However, more cultivators still believed that the True Monarchs of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance would not be defeated. They watched this world-shaking battle attentively.

In the beginning, facing the sudden appearance of eighteen the Crimson Flame clones, the five Soul Transformation cultivators were indeed caught off guard. Each of them was seriously injured.

But after all, with their Soul Transformation cultivation, they wouldn't be killed by a single blow from the Crimson Flame's clones. With Zhang Zhiliang's powerful auxiliary ability, they gradually recovered.

However, they were still being pressed by the numerous Crimson Flame clones.

"Everyone, it's time to stop holding back!" The voice of True Monarch Hongxi rang out.

"Give it your all! As for who will ultimately prevail and integrate the Dao, it's all up to your own destiny!"

"That's exactly what I want! Let me show you my skills first!" True Monarch Haoxuan's hearty laughter echoed through the heavens and earth.

"Hit!"

With a violent shout, eighteen silver arrows suddenly appeared on each Crimson Flame clone's bodies, piercing through their chests!

"The Lancang River falls from the nine heavens!" Above the high sky, river water cascaded from a distance.

When it fell into the mortal world, one stream became eighteen. Like eighteen silver dragons, they battled with the Crimson Flame clones.

"Creak..."

Small mountain peaks only the size of an ordinary person's finger fell on top of the Crimson Flame clones. Terrifying sounds, as if even space itself was fractured, reverberated throughout the sky. The heads of the Crimson Flame clones had a very obvious depression from being crushed. And as the mountains continued to descend, the rest of their bodies were also demolished.

The black and red viscous substance suddenly swelled violently, turning into eighteen strange and monstrous beasts, tearing at the Crimson Flame clones.

The situation changed again, and the battle suddenly became even more intense.

The aftermath of the fight swept through the Cong Yun Sea below, causing towering waves. Even the Ten Thousand Immortals Island seemed to experience earthquakes, constantly shaking.

Splitting into eighteen seemed to exhaust the Crimson Flame greatly as well. The color on their bodies visibly dimmed a little.

In contrast, with Zhang Zhiliang as a supply station, the consumption of the Soul Transformation True Monarchs was much smaller. Slowly, the situation began to tilt towards the side of the cultivators.

The sun rose and the moon set, and in the blink of an eye, three days had passed since the start of this battle. the Crimson Flame suffered great losses, and the eighteen clones had returned to one.

The flames still flickered on its body, but compared to before, its power had been greatly reduced.

"Die!" Tian Yang's murderous voice sounded out again. Turning back into a black and red puppet, he fiercely collided with the Crimson Flame.

As if coordinating with Tian Yang's attack, the Lancang River, silver arrows, upside-down mountains, and star river all erupted at once.

"Why isn't Zhang Zhiliang taking action yet?"

"And Ye Feipeng..."

Seeing that this battle to exterminate the Heavenly Spirit was about to come to an end, but these two still hadn't made a move, Li Fan was somewhat puzzled.

He flew up slightly, surveying the surroundings, trying to find any possible traces of Ye Feipeng's presence.

"Hmm?" When he saw the surrounding scene clearly, Li Fan's heart jumped.

While all the cultivators' attention was focused on the world-shattering battle in the sky, Li Fan discovered that the surface of the Cong Yun Sea had unexpectedly dropped drastically without anyone noticing.

It was as if countless seawater had disappeared into thin air, and even some slightly shallow areas of the sea bed were exposed.

"He hasn't given up after all." Thinking of Ye Feipeng's comprehension of the Kun Peng's divine abilities, Li Fan's eyes flickered slightly.

Just as Li Fan was observing the surroundings, the Crimson Flame, under the continuous bombardment of the five True Monarchs, finally revealed signs of defeat.

The flames on its body flickered like a candle in the wind, constantly trembling. The final blow of the five True Monarchs was also about to come.

"I'll lend a hand to the True Monarchs!" Zhang Zhiliang's voice sounded out at the right moment. But to Li Fan's ears, there was a hint of coldness.

The tens of thousands of formations that covered the battlefield simultaneously emitted a faint light. Then, they simultaneously extinguished.

The moment they disappeared from the sky, they quietly moved and changed their positions. In an instant, a formation suddenly formed. "Gather spirits!"

Zhang Zhiliang's indifferent voice resounded once again.

This phrase had already appeared countless times on the battlefield before, and the cultivators present, including the several True Monarchs who were currently engaged in battle, had become accustomed to it.

However, unlike before, a tightly closed giant eye appeared in the sky. When the words "Gather spirits" sounded, the eye suddenly opened.

The Spirit Gathering Formation was activated, but the area where spiritual energy was drawn from was no longer the Cong Yun Sea. Instead, it was the battlefield shrouded under the eye!

The density of spiritual energy around them plummeted at a terrifying speed, and the five True Monarchs immediately sensed that something was wrong.

"Zhang Zhiliang, you're courting death!" the voice of True Monarch Hongxi rang out, filled with shock and anger. The upside-down mountain changed its target and smashed towards the eye in the sky. However, the space ahead kept distorting.

That extremely heavy upside-down mountain, which seemed capable of crushing everything, couldn't fly to the eye in the sky.

Not only that, but the furious attacks of the other True Monarchs couldn't penetrate the distorted space either.

All their attacks were in vain.

"The Two Dimensions Formation? Have you broken through to the Soul Transformation realm?"

At this moment, True Monarch Ziyun, who had been silent from the beginning, finally spoke up. The crisp voice made the faces of Hongxi and others change drastically. Zhang Zhiliang remained silent.

On the side, the Crimson Flame, who had been seriously injured, seized the opportunity to attack the stunned Soul Transformation True Monarchs.

Hongxi and the others were forced to fight the Crimson Flame again.

However, not only was spiritual energy greatly reduced within the Two Dimensions Formation this time, they couldn't recover either. Moreover, the eye in the sky would cast its gaze from time to time, freezing their movements.

Before long, faced with the double onslaught of the Crimson Flame and Zhang Zhiliang, the True Monarchs became heavily injured.

"Zhang Zhiliang, you are a dignified Soul Transformation cultivator and a Formation Master. How can you act so despicably?"

"Aren't you afraid of being ridiculed by everyone?" True Monarch Lancang rebuked angrily. In response, there was only the deathly stare of the eye.

Even True Monarch Hongxi didn't expect that they would fall into the scheme of this former subordinate.

"Please lend a hand, Senior Golden Sun!" he shouted somewhat anxiously.

After hesitating for a moment in the sky, the great sun finally emitted a beam of golden light. Just as this beam of light was about to fall on the eye, a dark cloud suddenly appeared, blocking the golden light.

"Junior Zhang, don't worry about it! Old Man Golden Sun won't get in your way!"

Zhang Zhiliang finally spoke at this moment. "Thank you, Senior, for your help."

"Black Crow?!" Golden Sun's surprised and angry voice echoed through the sky.

However, facing the dark clouds that covered the golden sun, Immortal Sage Golden Sun fell silent. After a moment, the sun that covered the Cong Yun Sea slowly receded.

"Senior Golden Sun!" Hongxi let out a desperate cry as he fended off the Crimson Flame's attacks.

But there was no response.

Seeing even their strongest support giving up, a streak of starlight suddenly streaked through the sky. True Monarch Ziyun transformed into starlight and tore through space in an instant, leaving without saying a word.

The eye gazed into the distance before withdrawing its gaze after a moment. Zhang Zhiliang chose not to pursue. He just watched the desperate struggle within the Two Dimensions Formation.

For the Crimson Flame, everything before it was an enemy to be destroyed, so the attacks never ceased.

As for the remaining four Soul Transformation cultivators, survival was their instinct. Faced with the Crimson Flame's attacks, it was impossible for them not to counterattack and await death.

However, with several of them already heavily injured and lacking the assistance of Golden Sun and Ziyun, they were no match for the Crimson Flame.

So, even though they were unwilling in their hearts...

They could only fall into Zhang Zhiliang's plan and consume the remaining power of the Crimson Flame with their lives. True Monarch Lancang fell first. Haoxuan and Hongxi followed suit. Only Tian Yang, with the most tenacious vitality, was still struggling.

The moment to reap the harvest and become a Dao Integration Immortal Sage was right before Zhang Zhiliang's eyes. Even with his scheming and cold nature, he couldn't help but feel excited.

Just as he was about to make a move...

He suddenly realized that a shadow covering the entire Cong Yun Sea had enveloped him without him noticing.

As if the heavens and earth had opened up, a terrifying monster of indescribable size suddenly emerged from the depths of the sea.

It swallowed him and the Crimson Flame, who was sealed by countless formations, in one gulp.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 306: The Kun Devours All Things


Concealed in the seawater, holding his breath and watching the world-shocking battle between the Crimson Flame and the group of True Monarchs above, Ye Feipeng was still a little hesitant.

His current strength was far from comparable to Zhang Haobo's in his previous life's memories.

However, the actual combat power displayed by Crimson Flame and the various True Monarchs was much stronger than in his previous life.

If it were only this, he wouldn't be so conflicted.

The key was, there was another hunter hidden on the battlefield.

Zhang Zhiliang!

This Soul Transformation Formation Master, who knew of his memories from his previous life, would certainly not give up the opportunity to integrate the Dao.

The countless, densely packed silver cubes forming the vast formation involuntarily sent chills down his spine.

How could such a character be content with being just a support!

Sure enough, the subsequent developments confirmed Ye Feipeng's guess.

Zhang Zhiliang was even more despicable than he imagined.

The formation sealed the battlefield, forcing the Soul Transformation True Monarchs to fight Crimson Flame to death while he reaped the benefits.

He even invited another Dao Integration Immortal Sage to help him suppress the battlefield...

If this Immortal Sage Black Crow took action, Ye Feipeng would have no chance of winning.

Should he take the risk and act forcefully?

For a moment, Ye Feipeng, who had already made up his mind, couldn't help but waver again.

But this hesitation disappeared as the trapped True Monarchs fell one by one in the Two Dimensions Formation, Crimson Flame's injuries worsened, and Zhang Zhiliang was about to succeed in integrating the Dao.

A tinge of blood red flashed in his eyes as he looked at the extremely weak Crimson Flame, and his greed surged uncontrollably.

"The arrow is on the string, I have no choice but to release it!"

"At this point, I can no longer retreat!"

"With the cooperation of the Canghai Pearl, using the Kun Devouring divine ability, I have swallowed nearly a third of the Cong Yun Sea."

"Even I don't know what kind of terrifying monster I will become with the full power of the Kun Peng bloodline after Kun Peng Transformation."

"Zhang Zhiliang has read my memories, and with his calculative mind, he must have laid down defenses against me."

"But it's useless!"

"I won't entangle with him at all. Whether it's the Heavenly Spirit, the bizarre formations, or Zhang Zhiliang, I'll swallow them all!"

"Then, using the Peng Soaring ability, I'll swiftly leave the Cong Yun Sea and head to the Southern Abyss Holy Beast Mountain. There, the power of the holy beast bloodline will be multiplied, and I'll find a place to hide and slowly digest them all!"

"In just ten years, no, in just three years, I'll be able to digest everything in my stomach!"

"By then, I will be the new Crimson Flame True Monarch!"

...

In an instant, countless thoughts flashed through Ye Feipeng's mind.

The blood in his body boiled with excitement, and his mind was full of scenes of everyone bowing down before him after his success in integrating the Dao.

Ye Feipeng's eyes were bloodshot.

The Kun Peng Transformation was unleashed!

The demonic beast bloodline erupted like a violent volcano, circulating throughout his body in an instant.

The Canghai Pearl crazily transferred its own power and the power of the Cong Yun Sea to build Ye Feipeng's body.

Quietly, an ancient demonic beast, the Kun Peng, with a body spanning thousands of miles, reappeared in the world.

The huge shadow enveloped Zhang Zhiliang, the countless formations, and the Crimson Flame.

Then, Ye Feipeng leaped up, his blood-stained mouth gaping.

Swallowing them all.

Issuing a melodious, ancient cry, the colossal demonic beast's massive body leaped into the air, covering the sky.

Under the shadow of the colossal demonic beast, the cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortals Island below, and even the entire Cong Yun Sea, all showed expressions of shock.

The giant beast did not descend back into the sea.

Behind it, two huge wings stretched out.

In an instant, its figure transformed into the appearance of a black bird.

Its wings spread out like the clouds in the sky.

With a powerful flap, a great wind swept across the entire Cong Yun Sea in an instant.

Below the giant beast, facing the might of the Kun Peng, the Ten Thousand Immortals Island trembled like a willow leaf in the wind.

The Kun Peng soared into the sky as the water below surged violently.

In an instant, it flew high above the nine heavens.

It seemed that there were continuous loud impacts coming from its belly.

But the Kun Peng's body was too large, and such attacks couldn't shake it in the slightest.

The Immortal Sage Black Crow who was supporting Zhang Zhiliang didn't seem to have any intention of making a move.

Transforming into a black, one-eyed crow, he looked up with interest at the Kun Peng flying away.

The Kun Peng flapped its wings again.

This huge creature became almost invisible to the cultivators' eyes, appearing only as a black dot.

And it was rapidly moving southwest.

At this moment, the cultivators of the Cong Yun Sea finally reacted to this change.

"What... what is that?"

"The bottom of the Cong Yun Sea hid such a terrifying monster?"

"The Kun Peng! That must be the long-lost demonic beast, the Kun Peng!"

"It actually swallowed Zhang Zhiliang and the Heavenly Spirit together?! Does that mean this Kun Peng will become the new Crimson Flame Immortal Sage?"

"Alas, it's a pity that Zhang Zhiliang, with all his schemes, ended up in the belly of a beast. In the end, it was all for nothing!"

...

"Could it be that the ultimate victor of this life is Ye Feipeng?"

"With the Cong Yun Sea's support, the Kun Peng bloodline, and enough luck and foresight, he indeed has the capital to integrate the Dao."

"However, after swallowing Crimson Flame, he just fled..."

"It should be that he is too weak to digest it on the spot."

"But then what is the result? Crimson Flame temporarily won't die, so Ink Death won't come?"

"Will the Cong Yun Sea still be destroyed?"

Li Fan, like other cultivators, looked up at the sky with a puzzled expression.

At this moment, the sound of the Kun Peng's loud cry came again into their ears.

It seemed extremely joyful, even proud.

The cultivators sighed and discussed.

Just as the Kun Peng was about to completely disappear from the sky...

A sudden change occurred.

Li Fan's gaze sharpened, and his body stood up suddenly.

Only to see, on the vast sky, a purple aura suddenly came from the west.

Purple clouds and mist swiftly arrived.

In the blink of an eye, it covered the entire sky.

A body entirely composed of faint purple spiritual energy sat atop the clouds, occupying half of the sky.

The purple figure looked towards the direction where the Kun Peng was about to disappear, and snorted coldly.

"Evil demon, dare to come out and die!"

The voice was strange, and it was as if composed of a combination of a tender child's voice and an icy middle-aged man's voice.

But it was extremely majestic, echoing like thunder, spreading throughout the world.

When living beings heard it, they couldn't help but feel a tremor and unease in their hearts.

While speaking, the purple figure gently pointed towards Ye Feipeng.

A royal purple thunderbolt descended from the nine heavens above, striking down abruptly.

It directly hit the Kun Peng!

A painful howl rang out, and the Kun Peng's figure, which was fleeing far away, suddenly stopped.

Then, it lost power and rapidly fell downward.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 307: Purple Radiance Shines Through the World


As the Kun Peng plummeted rapidly, purple flames ignited on its body.

However, the colossal beast seemed to lose all resistance, unable to struggle.

It could only allow the raging purple flames to engulf and burn its body.

The sounds of its wailing spread throughout the Cong Yun Sea, chilling everyone's hearts.

Descending from the sky like a fallen meteor, the Kun Peng left a vertical line of purple between heaven and earth.

As its altitude decreased, its body continued to shrink.

By the time it was about to land on the sea surface, it had been completely burned to ashes by the purple flames.

Not even ashes remained.

Ye Feipeng was dead!

Seeing the monster subdued, the purple figure in the sky glanced indifferently.

Then, the purple aura dispersed as quickly as it had come.

The purple figure gradually faded away and disappeared.

"Foolish Martial Child? No, that's not right..."

Above the sky, the voice of the Immortal Sage Black Crow sounded uncertain.

With those words, the one-eyed crow spread its wings slightly and turned into a black streak, chasing after the direction where the purple aura dissipated.

The cultivators of the Cong Yun Sea hadn't recovered from the shock of this change, standing still like petrified statues.

After a moment, the atmosphere on Ten Thousand Immortals Island became frenzied.

"What was that just now?"

"Which powerful being manifested? How could such a terrifying Kun Peng be directly struck dead by a thunderbolt?"

"A Dao Integration Immortal Sage?"

"I think an ordinary Immortal Sage wouldn't be able to do this."

"Above Dao Integration? Impossible!"

...

Like everyone else, Li Fan was also greatly shocked at this moment.

However, he was not shocked by the terrifying power of the purple figure.

He was shocked by his identity.

"Senior Brother Zhang Qianmo?"

Li Fan looked up at the sky where the purple aura dissipated, incredulous.

The cold voice he had just heard, Li Fan had heard many times before, and it was extremely familiar to him.

Coupled with the familiar phrase "evil demon" and the purple thunderbolt that easily killed Ye Feipeng...

Li Fan could almost be sure that the purple figure sitting above the sky just now was his Senior Brother Zhang Qianmo he had met in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Zhang Qianmo.

An inner disciple of the Purple Heaven Sect, suspected to be a reincarnation of a great power.

Extraordinary strength, mastering the mysterious Purple Core Rebirth Technique, killing Golden Core cultivators during Foundation Establishment as if slaughtering chickens and dogs.

Proud and arrogant, he had once made three grand vows.

The first vow was to "exterminate all demons and monsters, and bring peace to the world."

"Now it seems that Senior Brother Zhang not only lived from ancient times to the present, but he may have even fulfilled his first vow."

Recalling Zhang Qianmo's words "evil demon, dare to come out and die", combined with the memories Ye Feipeng obtained from his inheritance of a period when demonic beasts fled for their lives, and the current situation where many demonic beasts were extinct in the cultivation world...

Li Fan could infer that all the demonic beasts in this cultivation world had been slaughtered by Senior Brother Zhang.

Even if they hadn't been completely exterminated, they could only hide somewhere and never dare to set foot in the cultivation world again.

Although Ye Feipeng had extraordinary luck, awakened his Kun Peng bloodline, and thus gained the qualifications for Dao Integration by forcibly swallowing Crimson Flame...

But...

Blessings lie in misfortune, misfortunes lie in blessings.

Because of this Kun Peng bloodline, he attracted the attention of Zhang Qianmo.

In order to swallow Crimson Flame and Zhang Zhiliang in one gulp, the fatty Ye Feipeng would undoubtedly have fully activated the power of the Kun Peng bloodline within him.

With the assistance of the Canghai Pearl, he would have become almost identical to the ancient demonic beast Kun Peng.

This is why he was mercilessly killed by Senior Brother Zhang.

The triumphant cry of the Kun Peng still seemed to echo in Li Fan's ears.

Li Fan couldn't help but wonder what Senior Brother Zhang's cultivation level was now.

Was it Dao Integration or Longevity Immortal?

Zhang Qianmo's figure did not arrive the moment the Kun Peng appeared.

He only arrived when the beast had already devoured Crimson Flame and was about to flee far away.

Zhang Qianmo arrived late at the last moment.

If Ye Feipeng, after swallowing Crimson Flame, didn't become arrogant and cry out victoriously, but instead directly fled far away, could he have avoided Zhang Qianmo's blow, and thus survived?

The face of Ye Feipeng appeared in front of him, and Li Fan couldn't help but shake his head slightly.

"Knowing that there exists such a god of killing for demonic beasts, the ancestor of the Ye family, who saved the Kun Peng, still chose to pass on the Kun Peng Essence Blood to mortals..."

"Hmph, it seems he wasn't so benevolent."

"Senior Brother Zhang, you've done well!"

While sighing in his heart, Li Fan frowned slightly.

He remembered the voice of Zhang Qianmo before was composed of two overlapping voices.

One was his original voice.

And the other was a childish voice.

"Martial Fool, a reincarnation of a great power, purple thunder..."

Li Fan squinted his eyes, a past event involuntarily surfacing in his mind.

When he first killed Sikong Yi, a disciple of the Sun Stealing Sect.

He learned from the two remnant souls in the Sun Stealing Token how Sikong Yi's cheap master, Sikong Bo, fled to the Cong Yun Sea.

At that time, Sikong Bo wanted to refine a clone and happened to encounter an extremely talented child with extraordinary luck in a rural mountain village.

He wanted to steal the child's essence blood, but somewhat embarrassingly found that a Nascent Soul cultivator also coveted the child.

Furthermore, that Nascent Soul cultivator was ready to possess the child at any time.

In the midst of a battle between Sikong Bo and the Nascent Soul cultivator, the child suddenly appeared and, without a word, directly refined the Nascent Soul cultivator.

Sikong Bo ran away, but the child was very familiar with the methods of the Sun Stealing Sect.

He couldn't shake the child off no matter what.

Helpless, in order to survive, Sikong Bo had to release all the remnant souls in the Sun Stealing Token.

Although he escaped with his life, all the souls of his predecessors were shattered by a purple thunderbolt that descended from the sky.

"Was the child Sikong Bo encountered back then Senior Brother Zhang?"

"Was he also Martial Fool?"

Li Fan had previously seen information about Martial Fool in Tianyu Prefecture.

He was a child of six or seven years old who was obsessed with martial arts and loved to challenge people.

He had astonishing combat power and was rumored to be invincible in the same realm even though he was only Nascent Soul cultivation.

He could even rival Soul Transformation cultivators in battle.

At that time, Li Fan didn't associate him with the child in Sikong Bo's memory.

Even less did he expect him to be the reincarnation of Zhang Qianmo.

"No, the power of the thunder that just struck down the Kun Peng is not something that Nascent Soul cultivation can achieve."

"What kind of divine ability is Senior Brother Zhang cultivating?"

Just as Li Fan was pondering, the exclamations of the nearby cultivators interrupted him.

"Look! Zhang Zhiliang is still alive."

"Crimson Flame! Crimson Flame is there too!"

Li Fan suddenly looked up and saw in mid-air, where the Kun Peng's body had been burned to almost nothing.

The somewhat embarrassed figure of Zhang Zhiliang appeared again.

Not far away, Crimson Flame stood facing him, flames dancing around him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 308: Million Formations Return to One


The gazes of the cultivators in the Cong Yun Sea couldn't help but fall on these two figures.

Seeing that they both appeared heavily injured, a hint of greed couldn't help but emerge in their hearts.

After all, who among the cultivators could resist the temptation of achieving Dao Integration?

Just as the treacherous atmosphere began to spread among the group of cultivators, the two figures that everyone was watching began their battle.

People noticed that without the blockade of Immortal Sage Golden Sun and True Monarch Ziyun, Crimson Flame, which previously seemed like a candle in the wind ready to extinguish at any moment, was rapidly regaining its intense crimson color at a visible speed.

Zhang Zhiliang obviously noticed this at the first moment.

A huge eye appeared above, and its icy gaze stared directly at Crimson Flame.

The flickering flames around Crimson Flame couldn't help but pause slightly, although they immediately returned to normal.

But the onlookers could see that its recovery speed was still affected.

Not willing to sit idly by, the flames around Crimson Flame suddenly contracted, and it instantly returned to the form of a crimson dot.

Turning into a crimson streak in the sky, it instantly appeared in front of Zhang Zhiliang.

At the moment when it was about to pass through his body, tens of thousands of silver cubes completed their formation in the area in front of him.

Dots of silver light flickered incessantly.

The crimson streak continued to extend forward, attempting to kill Zhang Zhiliang.

However, it was as if Zhang Zhiliang was at the end of the world, and could not be reached.

It was the Two Dimensions Formation used to trap the True Monarchs before.

The same trick still worked excellently.

After a moment, Crimson Flame stopped its futile actions and transformed back into human form.

Seemingly roaring towards the sky, in an instant, hundreds of crimson rays burst forth from its body, shooting towards different areas around it.

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

Hundreds of silver formation crowns burst open in the flames.

However...

Immediately, replacement formation crowns emerged from the darkness, instantly replacing the damaged formations.

Crimson Flame continued to launch attacks, but the speed at which it damaged the formations couldn't keep up with Zhang Zhiliang's speed of replacement.

Furthermore, Zhang Zhiliang didn't have the habit of just taking hits without retaliating.

When Crimson Flame attempted to break free from the formation, the Spirit Gathering Formation was activated again.

The area was sealed off and experienced another drastic drop in spiritual energy concentration.

Then, countless formation crowns flickered one after another, and one formation after another was set up within the enclosed area.

Rays of light shot out from the formations, continuously bombarding Crimson Flame.

Ninety-nine out of a hundred were easily dodged, even if it was hit, it only suffered a slight injury.

But there were just too many formations.

The rays of light were relentless, not stopping for a moment.

As the injuries gradually accumulated, Crimson Flame, who had barely recovered, became even weaker.

Although the Crimson Flame possessed great evasive and defensive measures, faced with this seemingly endless consumption, it could only cry out in vain and wait helplessly for death.

Seeing Crimson Flame's figure becoming more and more dim, some of the cultivators watching from the Cong Yun Sea couldn't hold back any longer.

"Fellow Daoists, Crimson Flame is about to perish, and Zhang Zhiliang is also at the end of his tether. This is a heaven-sent opportunity!"

"Yes, even if he is a Soul Transformation cultivator, after such a series of battles, his strength must be greatly diminished. If we all attack together, there may be a chance of victory!"

"Zhang Zhiliang, for the sake of achieving Dao Integration, actually openly plotted against the other True Monarchs of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, challenging the dignity of Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Such a crime cannot be tolerated!"

"Fellow Daoists, charge!"

...

The voices seemed to come from nowhere, echoing above Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

They seemed to be quite reasonable

The cultivators looked at each other, then collectively turned their gazes to Zhang Zhiliang, hovering in the sky with tattered clothes.

Any hesitation lasted only for a moment.

Not long after, there was a response.

A black iron claw soared into the sky from the island, and in the blink of an eye, it flew in front of Zhang Zhiliang, fiercely clawing at him.

As if it were a rallying cry, this black iron claw began the collective attack against Zhang Zhiliang by everyone.

In an instant, thousands of attacks surged from below, flying towards the sky together.

Zhang Zhiliang's expression remained unchanged, his gaze coldly sweeping over.

In the next moment, his figure disappeared, and tens of thousands of formation crowns unleashed rays of light, intercepting the attacks.

"Fellow Daoists, attack the giant eye in the sky first!"

With a loud shout, countless attacks shot up into the sky, flying towards the giant eye.

The trapped Crimson Flame also sensed this rare opportunity and launched a counterattack.

Flames erupted from its body, destroying one formation crown after another.

Facing the siege by the Crimson Flame and other cultivators, Zhang Zhiliang was gradually getting overwhelmed and knew he couldn't delay any longer.

He suddenly appeared behind Crimson Flame, and in front of him, a silver cube also appeared.

It was followed by ten, a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand...

But unlike before, the formation crowns did not gather together.

Instead, they began to merge.

Countless silver cubes became illusory in an instant.

They began to stack upon each other at the position of the first formation crown.

It seemed to only take a moment to complete the fusion.

The brilliant and starry formation crowns in the sky disappeared in an instant, leaving only one.

"Infinite Formation..." Li Fan's clone couldn't help but marvel in his heart as he looked at the glittering formation crown in the sky which was faintly emitting a golden light.

A formation crown is made up of hundreds of formation crowns overlapping each other.

With Li Fan's current level of formation mastery, he could barely create half a formation crown.

Because of this, he could better understand how terrifying it was for someone like Zhang Zhiliang to take tens of thousands of formation crowns, which had each already been overlaid with hundreds of formations and superimpose these millions of formations once more into a single formation crown.

"Zhang Zhiliang's level of formation Dao in this life is unimaginable. Compared to the previous life, his mastery is far beyond."

Li Fan's exclamation flashed through his mind.

In the sky, the golden formation crown emitted an earth-shattering white light.

"Annihilate!"

With Zhang Zhiliang's angry shout, the white light drowned everything in its path.

Even though they were far apart, the crowd could feel the terrifying destructive power in the beam of light and couldn't help but stop their attacks.

"Expending all the millions of formations to launch one final blow. It's a gamble, but judging by the power of that white light, Zhang Zhiliang should have succeeded, right?"

Li Fan stared at the sky intently.

Countless cultivators in the Cong Yun Sea held their breath.

The white light gradually dissipated.

Crimson Flame was nowhere to be seen.

Only Zhang Zhiliang stood with his hands behind his back, standing proudly.

Constantly flickering red flames replaced his originally tattered clothes.

The pressure belonging to a Dao Integration Immortal Sage descended from the sky, demonstrating that Zhang Zhiliang had successfully integrated the Dao!

In the Cong Yun Sea, there was silence.

The eyes of all living beings were now focused on him.

Zhang Zhiliang smiled, his mouth slightly open, about to say something.

At this moment...

His head exploded with a bang.

His headless body slightly turned, as if still trying to see something.

But specks of ink spread from his wounds, devouring everything.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 309: Ink Death Encounters an Enemy


Above the sky, endless crimson clouds suddenly appeared.

In just a moment, they had enveloped the entire Cong Yun Sea.

"Crimson Flame Immortal Sage Zhang Zhiliang cultivated for six hundred and eighty-three years. He established his foundation with the Heavenly Treasure Sleepless Child, and achieved Golden Core with the Infinity Law."

"He seized the One-Eyed Heavenly Domain and achieved Nascent Soul."

"He sacrificed the Crimson Flame Heavenly Spirit and integrated the Dao with his body."

"Fortunately, he was executed by heaven, and his Dao was destroyed and returned to heaven!"

...

Against the backdrop of the fallen Immortal Sage, an ink-black figure quietly appeared.

Zhang Zhiliang's corpse turned into a drop of thick ink and wriggled back into its hands.

Then, its gaze turned towards the Cong Yun Sea below.

At this moment, all the cultivators in the Cong Yun Sea who saw this scene were stunned.

Then an unstoppable fear arose from their hearts.

It caused their bodies to tremble, and their souls to shudder.

"The Heavenly Spirit, Ink Death!"

For some reason, another Heavenly Spirit suddenly descended.

With just one strike, it erased Zhang Zhiliang, who had already succeeded in integrating the Dao.

It seemed that it was not satisfied and targeted all the living beings in the Cong Yun Sea!

Ink Death lightly pointed towards the nearby space.

"Tian Yang..."

Tian Yang, who managed to escape with his life under the Purple Heaven Royal Thunder of Zhang Qianmo, barely uttered his last words before he was swallowed up by the thick ink.

Once again, there was a death announcement in the sky.

However, countless black particles emerged from Ink Death.

These black particles jumped and fluttered as they surged into the sky, obscuring the heavens.

True darkness descended.

The black particles continued to proliferate, like a huge black curtain, shrouding the entire Cong Yun Sea.

They then pressed down towards the ground, devouring everything.

This scene was too horrifying, and the cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortals Island showed their ugly faces under extreme fear.

Similar to the previous world-ending event caused by Ink Death, some completely lost the courage to resist, sitting paralyzed on the ground, waiting for death in despair.

Some were filled with resentment, and like moths to a flame, they constantly launched attacks towards the ink, trying to find a glimmer of hope.

Some cried and laughed, seemingly driven insane by the sight.

"What must come will come."

Li Fan stood out among the crowd of cultivators.

He eagerly and greedily watched the scene of Ink Death corroding everything, unwilling to miss even a bit.

All spells and techniques were useless against the black particles, and there was only one outcome: being devoured and assimilated.

Life, spiritual energy, matter...

They all became nutrients for its proliferation.

"Truly terrifying..."

Seeing Ink Death act again, Li Fan was still shocked by its methods.

"If I could achieve Golden Core with the Law of Ink Death, my killing power would not be weaker than anyone else in the world." Li Fan secretly said in his heart.

Concentrating on the sky where the black particles were continuously pressing down, Li Fan's expression was obsessed.

Just as Li Fan was immersed in enlightenment, another figure was flying ecstatically on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, using a Seven-Colored Recording Stone to record the scene of the world's end.

"Wonderful! Wonderful! Originally I thought that the execution of the Crimson Flame by the True Monarchs was the calamity, but unexpectedly, there was something even bigger behind!"

"Ink Death descends, annihilating everything!"

"This exclusive and rare footage can make me another small fortune!"

...

Muttering to himself, Jiao Xiuyuan was extremely excited, his eyebrows dancing wildly.

Suddenly, his flying body came to a sudden stop.

Looking in the direction of Li Fan, he exclaimed in shock, "Fellow Daoist Fan Lin, why are you still here?"

Li Fan woke up from his enlightenment and looked towards Jiao Xiuyuan, smiling slightly and cupping his hands in greeting.

Then he focused again on the black particles in the sky.

Following Li Fan's gaze, Jiao Xiuyuan saw only the endless black particles that annihilated everything.

He turned back to look at Li Fan, carefully examining his expression.

Suddenly enlightened, he exclaimed in astonishment, "Are you also a puppet?"

"No, not a puppet. A clone?"

His eyes narrowed, recalling the various things that had happened since he had contacted this Fan Lin, and an inexplicable expression appeared on his face.

"Interesting. I didn't expect that I, Jiao Xiuyuan, would be deceived one day."

"It seems that this person's true identity is not simple at all..."

Just then, a strange sound interrupted his thoughts.

Following the direction of the sound, a hint of surprise flashed in his eyes.

"What's that?"

Li Fan, also attracted by this sound, looked up and saw continuous loud rumbling coming from the sky, which was already surrounded by endless black particles.

It was as if something was ceaselessly stirring in the ink-colored ocean, making these black particles even more active and turbulent.

"That direction is..."

Li Fan squinted his eyes, and pondered for a moment, somewhat uncertain.

"The Cloud Water Heavenly Palace?"

The disturbance continued.

And the rumbling grew louder and louder.

It seemed like something was rapidly approaching under this black curtain.

A thin line cut through the black ocean, accompanied by a whistling sound, and suddenly appeared above the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

The surrounding black particles were restless, wanting to engulf this arrogant intruder.

However, the twisted darkness around the thin line formed an extremely solid barrier, preventing the black particles, which could swallow everything, from advancing.

"It can actually resist the erosion of Ink Death? What is this?"

Li Fan was shaken, looking towards the thin line that had suddenly appeared.

"Heavenly Calamity Sword?"

In the midst of Li Fan's astonishment, a pitch-black sword exuding a murderous aura revealed its face.

The tip of the sword pointed straight ahead, and substantial killing intent gushed out, forcing all the black particles around it to retreat.

In the direction the Heavenly Calamity Sword was pointing, black particles surged, and Ink Death reappeared.

It stared at the Heavenly Calamity Sword ahead with what seemed to be a grave expression.

"What kind of treasure is this? It can actually compete with Ink Death?"

Jiao Xiuyuan exclaimed in shock.

Li Fan was even more shaken, but also inexplicably excited.

"Ink Death and Heavenly Calamity, who will prevail in the end?"

Carefully observing these two figures, they seemed to be extremely similar, yet fundamentally different.

Ink Death was a pure ink-black, with a profound ability to devour everything.

While the Heavenly Calamity Sword was a twisted and chaotic black, carrying extreme madness and destruction.

The two confronted each other, and the battle was about to begin.

However, Ink Death suddenly glanced down at the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Countless black particles trembled instantly, and another figure, exactly like Ink Death, suddenly appeared.

Turning into a thin line, it easily shattered the protection of the Seven-Colored Immortal-Felling Formation.

Leading the ink-colored ocean, it eroded everything on the island.

"This is..."

Li Fan was somewhat stunned.

He didn't expect that in such a critical situation, Ink Death would still not forget to carry out its own duty.

The sky gradually pressed down, and the figures of Ink Death and Heavenly Calamity gradually disappeared into the black ocean.

Only the black particles, which rose and fell like waves from time to time, spoke of the horror of the battle above.

Li Fan felt extremely regretful in his heart.

"I actually can't witness the scene of these two battling it out. What a pity."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 310: Targeting the Five Element Subworlds


Countless black particles surged down from the sky like a tide, eroding everything they encountered.

Within the Cong Yun Sea, on the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, apart from the mysterious Heavenly Calamity Sword, there was no other force that could contend with Ink Death.

As the tide of ink enveloped everything, Li Fan's thoughts turned quickly.

"Why did the appearance of Ink Death in this life alarm the Heavenly Calamity Sword in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace?"

"When I first entered the cultivation world, there was only the Crimson Flame, which presumably did not affect the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace."

"In the twelfth life, I sent the statue of the Heavenly Doctor to the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, but it attracted the Master. The two battled, and the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace was sealed again. So when Ink Death annihilated the world, it didn't encounter the Heavenly Calamity Sword."

"In this life, because I feared the astonishing mind-reading technique of the Heavenly Doctor, I did not choose to complete the task of submitting the Cloud Water Map. Furthermore, Sikong Yi, the only one who knew the secret of the Cloud Water Map, was killed by me early on. So the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace still hung high above the Cong Yun Sea until Ink Death arrived..."

In an instant, Li Fan understood the reason for the battle between the Heavenly Calamity Sword and Ink Death in this life.

His eyes flickered with brilliance as if his gaze could penetrate the infinite ink sea and reach the battlefield between the two in the sky.

"Ink Death, Heavenly Calamity..."

"If I could witness the battle between the two, it would undoubtedly be a great opportunity."

While Li Fan was pondering, the black particles had already arrived in front of him.

Without showing any fear, Li Fan raised his right hand high and placed his arm in front of the black particles.

Watching his body disappear into the wriggling ink, Li Fan studied carefully.

There was no pain, not even the slightest sensation.

If he wasn't watching it with his own eyes, he might not even have noticed that a part of his body had disappeared.

"The purest nothingness..."

Li Fan's heart moved slightly.

In an instant, the Creation Forge Art roared into operation.

The hidden potential within his body surged out and rushed towards the black particles eroding his arm.

Li Fan attempted to resist that power of nothingness with this pure force of life.

It seemed to delay it for a moment.

But it also seemed to be just Li Fan's illusion.

The rolling ink then engulfed Li Fan's clone.

...

Tianyu Province, Huan Yu Courtyard.

At this moment, Li Fan's main body, just like his distant clone, raised his arm high, closed his eyes, and seemed to be contemplating something.

Only after a long time did he lower his hands.

"The body's hidden potential is the power of life, the power of creation."

"Ink Death's law represents the power of obliteration, the power of nothingness."

"As for the law of the Heavenly Calamity, it's more like the power of distortion, chaos, and destruction..."

"Perhaps this is not their true form, but it is my personal insight."

"Such insight is enough to achieve Golden Core!"

After recalling the insight he just had, Li Fan carefully stored it in the Dao Transformation Stone of his mind, feeling somewhat delighted.

There are laws in heaven and earth. When cultivators observe them, they can achieve Golden Core.

If the various laws between heaven and earth are likened to a series of beautiful paintings, then the process of cultivators "observing the laws of heaven and earth" to achieve Golden Core is like using a transparent white paper to trace the painting.

The result obtained, although it cannot be compared with the real artwork, is still quite similar and much easier to achieve.

The Golden Core laws of cultivators still pale in comparison to the true laws of heaven and earth.

But even mediocre copies can still reproduce some of their power.

"I originally planned to achieve Golden Core with the techniques of Heavenly Calamity, Hanhai, Azure Flame, and Ink Death."

"Now, it seems, based on my insight, I can go further."

"The Law of Heavenly Calamity and Law of Azure Flame to embody distorted chaos and rationality."

"The Law of Hidden Potential and Law of Ink Death to embody creation and nothingness."

"The Law of Hanhai... is actually the Law of Water."

"Water alone is difficult to nurture. If it can be conjured by the Law of Five Elements, then water can flourish endlessly."

"Even more crucially, if this succeeds, it will greatly benefit my next step in achieving Nascent Soul."

As the saying goes, he who does not plan for the distant future will find it harder to plan for the next moment.

After Li Fan successfully built his foundation using [Truth], he roughly planned his future cultivation path.

In this world, the path of cultivation is not mysterious; the direction has long been set.

After imitating the laws of heaven and earth to refine the Golden Core, it was to seize the essence of heaven and earth to achieve Nascent Soul.

Having seen countless secrets and come into contact with many Nascent Soul cultivators, Li Fan had long known that the so-called essence of heaven and earth was the various subworlds within the Xuanhuang Realm.

The Xuanhuang Realm was vast beyond measure, with countless subworlds that had either existed since ancient times and were sealed later, were born anew, or reappeared with the death of cultivators.

These places, in turn, became the path for Golden Core cultivators to step into Nascent Soul.

For Li Fan, his goal had long been set.

It was precisely that which had once caused a tragic battle between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association...

The Five Element Subworlds!

The stronger the subworld plundered by Nascent Soul cultivators, the stronger their strength.

Among these Five Element Subworlds, just the wood attribute subworld was praised by the Tianxuan Mirror as "extremely large in scale, extremely high in wood attribute spiritual energy, and extremely rich in various spiritual plants and herbs."

It was hard to imagine how precious the complete Five Element Subworlds were.

The Nascent Soul formed by it would be incredibly powerful.

Moreover, the Five Elements supported and supplemented each other, giving rise to all things in heaven and earth.

With them as a foundation, coupled with the power of [Truth], there might be other changes.

Seeking the Five Element Subworlds was undoubtedly extremely risky, and for ordinary cultivators, it could only be a fool's dream.

But with the help of [Truth], allowing for countless repeated attempts and the ability of foresight, the Five Element Subworlds would undoubtedly be within Li Fan's grasp.

"To complete the Law of Five Elements, there is no need to personally travel and observe the laws."

"Within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, as long as you have enough contribution points, there are very few things you can't buy."

"Moreover, they're just the insights of Golden Core cultivators, and are not necessarily very valuable."

Li Fan himself made a fortune in the Spirit Mist Grass incident, and later, Jiao Xiuyuan sold the Minor Medicine King Cauldrons and gave him two hundred and sixty thousand contribution points.

So he didn't have to worry about it at all.

Thinking of this, Li Fan immediately searched the Tianxuan Mirror for insights related to the four elements of metal, wood, fire, and earth.

The laws of the Five Elements were the most common laws between heaven and earth.

Therefore, the results were unexpectedly numerous.

The prices also fluctuated depending on the specific element.

They ranged from fifty thousand to over a hundred thousand.

Li Fan looked through them one by one, selecting suitable insights for himself.

It was worth mentioning that what recorded the insights of forming Golden Cores was not some jade slip.

Instead, it was a "Golden Core fragment."

It seemed that these were the remains of the Golden Core of cultivators after death, processed in some way.

Li Fan only wanted to complete the Five Elements, so he didn't have much demand for the other four elements.

Soon, he selected suitable Golden Core fragments.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 311: Nine Law Golden Core


Golden Core fragments of Roaring Gold, Samsara Wood, and Deep Earth.

As for fire...

Li Fan looked around, compared, and felt that it was more practical to directly use the Law of Crimson Flame.

In this life, the Crimson Flame had been strengthened by heaven and earth, greatly increasing its combat power.

It was no longer an ordinary being.

It was completely feasible for Li Fan to use it as one of the Five Elements Laws to form his Golden Core.

"Forming the core using the Five Elements Laws plus two sets of opposing Laws is a bold attempt."

"There may be some flaws, but it's impossible to achieve perfection in one go."

"Back then, I spent a hundred lifetimes to build the perfect foundation with [Truth]."

"To achieve a perfect Golden Core, it definitely won't be easy."

"Let's give it a try."

With this in mind, Li Fan spent a total of 180,000 contribution points to buy the Golden Core fragments of the three laws.

In an instant, three differently shaped, somewhat incomplete cores appeared in Li Fan's hands.

"Similar to refining Heavenly Treasures, I need to swallow them into the dantian and then extract and comprehend the laws contained within."

Without hesitation, Li Fan swallowed the three pieces of Golden Core fragments.

After devouring them, the Golden Core fragments arrived at the dantian and ended up near [Truth].

Countless suction forces radiated from it, like a black hole.

Bits of golden light floated from the fragments, flying towards [Truth].

Bit by bit, insights into the Laws of Metal, Fire, and Earth emerged in Li Fan's mind.

It was different from what he had heard and seen, or what others had taught him personally.

Instead, this feeling was like forgotten memories that he had suddenly recalled.

"Indeed, they're good treasures and will save me countless effort. The contribution points spent were well worth it."

"Unfortunately, what's circulated are just some ordinary insights. Even if one can easily achieve Golden Core with them, their final achievements will be limited."

"If I didn't just want to complete the Five Elements Laws, and my true reliance wasn't on the four laws of Ink Death, Hidden Potential, Heavenly Calamity, and Azure Flame, I definitely wouldn't have ruined my future like this."

As time slowly passed, the three Golden Core fragments became smaller and smaller.

When they were completely absorbed by Li Fan, his Five Elements Laws were successfully completed.

"Everything is ready, I can form the core now."

To reduce the difficulty of achieving Golden Core, Li Fan also purchased Heavenly Treasures with metal, wood, fire, and earth attributes from the Tianxuan Mirror to serve as the foundation when condensing the laws.

Recalling the insights of the nine laws one by one in his mind, Li Fan took a deep breath.

Activating the anti-disturbance function of the courtyard, a flash of determination flickered in Li Fan's eyes as he officially began forming his Golden Core.

"First is the endless hidden potential power in the body, which embodies life and creation."

"Boom!"

As if the sound of a volcano erupting came from within his body, Li Fan fully activated the Creation Forge Art, mobilizing the endless and limitless hidden potential within his body.

Soon, a touch of redness appeared on Li Fan's face.

But this was because his true self had not previously practiced the Creation Forge Art, and his physique was relatively weak, so he couldn't bear so much power all of a sudden.

However, Li Fan remained as calm as still water, without any fear.

The feeling of his clone being swallowed by black particles resurfaced in his mind.

From within [Truth], a power to obliterate everything suddenly appeared, instantly spreading throughout his body, neutralizing the vigorous hidden potential.

Creation and annihilation, two opposing forces intertwined, mutually generating and overcoming each other, entangled with each other within Li Fan's body.

While colliding with each other inside Li Fan's body, they gradually intertwined.

After spiraling inside the body for a while, it was merged into [Truth].

"The balance has been achieved between these two laws, we can try the next step now."

Li Fan felt neither joy nor worry in his heart, as half of [Truth] suddenly transformed into the appearance of the Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent.

This time, the Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent that appeared was not only an imitation of the Foundation Treasure of the twelfth life's Zhang Haobo.

It also incorporated Li Fan's new insights after witnessing the Heavenly Calamity Sword in this life.

It became even more twisted and mad.

Black wrathful spiritual energy surged from the Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent, continuously spreading around the dantian.

The gathered spiritual energy within the dantian became chaotic in an instant.

As the wrathful energy spread, there was a tendency for rebellion and loss of control.

Whispers murmured in Li Fan's ears, and even with Li Fan's temperament, he was uncontrollably disturbed at this moment.

A trace of madness gradually emerged in his pitch-black eyes.

Just then, the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit emerged from the sea of consciousness, transforming into a trickle of gentle blue flames like a stream, cleansing his entire body.

The agitation and distortion were instantly suppressed.

The Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent seemed to sense something, and its body trembled slightly, seeming quite dissatisfied.

But at this moment, the Azure Flame had already arrived in the dantian, enveloping the Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent.

Regardless of how the black spiritual energy clashed and attacked, it couldn't break through the blockade of the Azure Flame.

Without the influence of the Heavenly Calamity Sword Intent, the distortion in Li Fan's eyes gradually disappeared.

"The Heavenly Calamity Sword is indeed extraordinary. Even if I just observed a glimpse of its true form, there are signs that I can't control."

"But fortunately, I have the absolutely rational Azure Flame to assist, successfully reversing the danger into safety."

"The Heavenly Calamity and Azure Flame have also reached a balance."

"As the foundation of the four major powers is already in place, next are the Laws of the Five Elements."

Swallowing the four Heavenly Treasures of different attributes in front of him, [Truth] once again transformed into the appearance of the Canghai Pearl.

The powers of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, the five attributes, suddenly gathered in the dantian.

This was an extremely huge force, causing Li Fan's dantian to faintly show signs of being about to burst.

Li Fan's body also gradually began to swell.

With a sinking heart, he separated a bit of his energy, ready to activate [Truth] at any time after failure.

Li Fan concentrated all his remaining mental strength, trying his best to control the balance of power within his body.

However, the complementary forces of the Five Elements, after entering the dantian, not only showed no signs of dissipating but instead grew larger and larger as they united with each other.

"It's still a bit forced."

Li Fan sighed inwardly.

"Could it be that I'm going to fail?"

Just as Li Fan thought so.

Perhaps the rampant behavior of this external force had aroused dissatisfaction from the two pairs of powers before.

The spiral of creation and annihilation and the flaming sword of rationality and chaos jointly launched an attack towards the power of the Five Elements.

It was as if a huge explosion had occurred in the dantian.

"Puff!"

The fierce impact made Li Fan couldn't help but spit out a mouthful of blood.

But there was no surprise on his face.

Because Li Fan sensed that a huge vortex appeared in the aftermath of the explosion, within the glowing cloud of [Truth].

The powers of the Five Elements, the spiral, and the flaming sword were all swallowed into the vortex.

They mixed in the vortex, yet remained distinct.

At the deepest part of the vortex, a chaotic, black-and-white Golden Core was slowly taking shape.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 312: Five Elements Annihilation Sword


In the Huan Yu Courtyard, Li Fan appeared to be just meditating peacefully like usual, sitting quietly.

But in reality, profound changes were taking place within his body.

The black-and-white Golden Core engulfed all the different types of power in the vortex of the dantian, strengthening itself.

As time passed, the vortex gradually shrank.

But the Golden Core became more solid and dynamic.

Its shape became more rounded, and the black-and-white colors on its surface flowed more rapidly.

When the vortex was completely consumed, black and white finally merged at this extreme speed.

A wave of energy erupted from it, sweeping through the dantian in an instant, then spreading throughout Li Fan's body.

Wherever the wave passed during the process of core formation, all the turbulent energies remaining in various parts of the body dissipated.

All disturbances were calmed.

This wave swept around and quickly returned.

It was accompanied by the spiritual energy scattered throughout the body and the Karmic Bodies stored in the dantian.

The ball of light of [Truth] also followed this wave, turning into a strand of clear light and diving into the Golden Core.

Completing the final piece of the puzzle, Li Fan's Golden Core finally took shape.

The Golden Core fell into absolute stillness in an instant, and then a dazzling light burst from it.

It shined all over his body, even interrupting Li Fan's internal observation process.

As the light gradually receded, when Li Fan looked again, he saw a seemingly ordinary, plain Golden Core floating quietly in his dantian.

Before Li Fan could even feel any emotion, a majestic spiritual energy gushed out from the Golden Core, flowing through his limbs and bones from the dantian.

This was a completely new power, far exceeding the quality and quantity of Foundation Establishment.

Every cell in his body was bathed in the nurturing spiritual energy of the Golden Core and seemed to emit joyous cheers.

Long-lost vitality and youthful vigor emerged from Li Fan's heart.

"The journey had been arduous and dangerous, with several brushes with death."

"Today, I finally achieved the Golden Core."

"It wasn't easy to come by, a stroke of luck indeed."

Li Fan sighed in his heart, then opened the [Truth] panel to check the changes after attaining Golden Core.

Name: Li Fan

Realm: Early Golden Core

Physical age: 48/599

Mental age: 1240/4200

Virtualization Charging Progress: 200%

Anchor Charging Progress: 2%

Current anchor points: 3

Current usable anchor points: 0

Bound items: Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra, Tai Yan Boat, Stone Tablet of Prohibition (Damaged), Blood Essence of Ten Thousand People, Dao Transformation Stone

Techniques: Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra, Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art, Daylight Robbery Technique, Creation Forge Art, Jade Cosmos Thousand Variations Sutra, Mountain Meditation Technique, Netherworld Spirit Illusion Technique

Divine abilities: Life and Death Chain, Formless Killing Intent, Insect Binding Technique, Cong Yun Sea Sword, Heaven Overturning Palm

Special: Eternal Remembrance (Tian Yang) (One usage)

...

"My lifespan has suddenly increased from four hundred years to six hundred years, nearly by double. The upper limit of my psychological age has also begun to increase again."

"The gap between Golden Core and Foundation Establishment is indeed immense. I previously thought that the several Karmic Bodies of cultivation I accumulated could propel me to middle stage Golden Core after I broke through. But the progress has only just passed one-third..."

"Perhaps this may also be due to the forced use of nine laws to form the core."

"A Nine Law Golden Core is naturally not something an ordinary Golden Core can compare to."

Recalling the process of just forming the core, Li Fan couldn't help but admit that his success this time had a bit of luck involved.

The power of the Five Elements was hastily put together by him.

The power of water and fire was much greater than that of wood, metal, and earth.

This led to the operation of the Five Elements not being so harmonious and smooth.

Instead, it constantly showed signs of being out of control, almost causing his efforts to fail.

"Fortunately, the final result was not bad, and I barely formed a moderately powerful Golden Core."

The Golden Core, once formed, was one with Li Fan.

Regarding its various uses, Li Fan naturally understood them clearly.

The nine laws, and even the various functions of [Truth] as a Foundation Treasure, all belonged to this Golden Core.

In the future, whenever Li Fan used spells of the Five Elements, he would be able to command them like his own arms, receiving a certain level of enhancement.

Among them, the effects of water and fire were more prominent.

The Five Elements nourished each other endlessly. The continuous combat capability, compared to the previous Endless Hatred Branch, was much stronger.

Li Fan was confident that if he returned to the spiritual energy-less Land of Immortal Extinction now, relying solely on the spiritual energy within his body, even if he was constantly in a state of battle consumption, he could still persist for quite a long time.

Furthermore, the existence of the Law of Hidden Potential could also allow Li Fan to quickly recover from his injuries.

The combination of the two made Li Fan almost an existence that could not be exhausted.

The Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit had disappeared and was no longer present in his sea of consciousness. It had become part of the laws of the Golden Core. Now, Li Fan could enter the state of absolute rationality without relying on the Azure Flame Illusionary Spirit.

And as for the final Heavenly Calamity and Ink Death...

At the moment of achieving the Golden Core, Li Fan suddenly comprehended and conceived a killing move that merged the characteristics of both.

Driven by the power of the Five Elements, with the destructive power of the Heavenly Calamity and Ink Death as the sword's edge.

Coupled with the unrelenting swordsmanship of the Cong Yun Sea Twenty-Eight Swords.

Li Fan named it the "Five Elements Annihilation Sword".

"Unfortunately, this is my hidden trump card and can not be easily exposed. The Huan Yu Courtyard is under heavy surveillance, and I can't test its effectiveness here."

Thinking about the power of this new divine ability, Li Fan reluctantly suppressed his thoughts.

After summarizing his gains, Li Fan reflected and planned for the future.

"The disharmony of the Five Elements must be resolved sooner or later. Otherwise, even if the Golden Core is intact, when seizing the flawless and self-contained Five Element Subworlds, setbacks will be inevitable."

The New Law of the Immortal Ancestor, while fast in cultivation, would inevitably face the counterattacks of heaven and earth when breaking through to the Nascent Soul stage.

Before, he compared peeking into the laws of heaven and earth to copying from a piece of art.

Then seizing a subworld from heaven and earth could be likened to forcibly taking precious paintings from a museum full of treasures.

Naturally, one had to face the countermeasures of the defense system.

The specific details were still unclear to Li Fan at the moment, but he had read some snippets about it before.

"Next, I should cultivate while collecting relevant information."

"Whether it is information about the Five Element Subworlds or the Five Elements Laws comparable to the Hanhai and Crimson Flame, it won't be easy to come by."

"Careful planning is needed."

As Li Fan, in the Golden Core stage, resumed his cultivation, he felt the long-lost sensation of his progress slowing down.

He couldn't help but miss Xiao Heng, He Zhenghao, and Su Xiaomei.

"Xiao Heng should be in Shilin Province by now, and Su Xiaomei hasn't come out of the Chaoyuan Sect ruins yet."

"He Zhenghao has finished his closed-door training, and seems to be busy with his duties and hasn't had much chance to cultivate."

"Well, they have all broken through the Golden Core, and wanting to progress further is not something that can be achieved overnight."

"It seems like it is time to cultivate some new crops."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 313: Qualified Actor


Subtly returning his aura to the Foundation Establishment stage, in the Huan Yu Courtyard, Li Fan's breakthrough did not attract much attention.

Other than Ji Hongdao, who gave Li Fan a curious glance during a lecture.

Almost no one knew that Li Fan had entered the Golden Core realm.

However, even if these students knew, they wouldn't think much of it.

After all, the Golden Core realm was too ordinary among this group of people.

Compared to cultivation, they valued formations more.

The closed training for the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was coming to an end.

Since the time they saw the Tianxuan Mirror, quite a few of the students seemed to have comprehended something, and their grades soared.

In the final test for compatibility with the formation core, they were at the top.

Li Fan, on the one hand, was slightly distracted because of his concern for the major events in the Cong Yun Sea and his own breakthrough; on the other hand, he didn't have much insight because his talent in formations was quite ordinary.

The combination of these two reasons resulted in his performance almost stagnating in place.

As the saying goes, if you don't advance, you will retreat, and Li Fan's ranking plummeted significantly.

Fortunately, his performance in previous formation structure and Soul Contract recognition tests had been among the best.

Overall, he hadn't dropped to the very bottom.

His ranking was still slightly above average.

On this day, Ji Hongdao announced that the final test would take place in a month and a half.

It would evaluate the actual deployment of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation.

Only enough formation materials for one attempt would be provided, and no one else would assist; each person would deploy the formation alone.

Finally, an assessment would be made based on the actual construction of the formation.

Rankings would be made according to the quality of the performance.

Those with outstanding performance would naturally be rewarded.

However, Ji Hongdao kept the specific prizes a secret.

He only said they were extremely valuable, and even he was tempted and wanted to participate in the competition himself.

Upon hearing this, the students couldn't help but feel excited.

They hurriedly returned to their respective courtyards to prepare adequately for the final test.

Li Fan was also about to leave when Ji Hongdao called him.

"The final test is coming soon, and rationally, I should temporarily conceal this matter."

"But this matter is too significant. I believe you have the right to know."

Li Fan immediately knew what Ji Hongdao was talking about.

But the play had to be acted out.

Slightly stunned and pretending to look puzzled, Li Fan respectfully said, "Senior, please speak, I can handle it."

Ji Hongdao nodded slightly: "In that case, listen carefully."

"Your hometown, Cong Yun Sea."

"It's gone..."

Li Fan's response was also very appropriate.

There was no special reaction, just a look of confusion: "Gone? What does that mean?"

A hint of darkness flashed in Ji Hongdao's eyes: "Literally gone."

"The entire Cong Yun Sea has disappeared."

Li Fan smiled: "Senior, don't joke. The Cong Yun Sea is so vast. How could such a large area just disappear..."

Halfway through his words, Li Fan suddenly fell silent.

He stared at Ji Hongdao blankly, seeing that Ji Hongdao didn't look like he was joking at all.

Like being struck by lightning, Li Fan's body trembled slowly.

His eyes widen like bronze bells, and disregarding the gap in cultivation and status between them, Li Fan strides forward and grabs Ji Hongdao's arm.

"Is it true? How is this possible?"

"What exactly happened?"

...

"Ah." Ji Hongdao looked at Li Fan, who momentarily looked like he had gone mad, and let out a long sigh.

Sending Li Fan back to his courtyard with a finger, he said, "You should go back and calm down first. As for what exactly happened, you can search for yourself in the Tianxuan Mirror."

"The relevant information should be available by now."

In the blink of an eye, Li Fan was back in his own courtyard.

Maintaining the same expression as before, Li Fan searched for the Cong Yun Sea in the Tianxuan Mirror.

"It seems that the Heavenly Calamity Sword was ultimately no match for Ink Death. Now, the Cong Yun Sea has completely become an abyss of nothingness."

"The Cloud Water Heavenly Palace is also gone."

"This result is within expectations. Perhaps the Heavenly Calamity is of the same realm as Ink Death, but it is currently only a fragment of the whole sword. It didn't even have a hilt."

"Moreover... with such a big event, the discussion is surprisingly low. It seems that the Heavenly Sovereign is at work again."

Such a big event could not be kept secret.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance did not choose to block or shield the news, but instead handled the matter coldly.

At first, the discussion was very heated, and the recording of Ink Death's attack by Jiao Xiuyuan made many cultivators shocked and greedy at the same time.

Apart from sympathy for the unfortunate cultivators of the Cong Yun Sea and questions as to why Ink Death would resort to such brutal means to destroy the Cong Yun Sea directly, the most discussed topic was surprisingly the feasibility of using Ink Death to reach Dao Integration.

As time went by, the number of people discussing the first two topics decreased.

Only the enthusiasts persisted.

"What kind of combat power would one have after integrating with Ink Death? In my opinion, although the cultivation world is vast, there is no cultivator qualified for this."

"I'll mention one, Young Master Jinglun. It is said that he reached the pinnacle of Soul Transformation decades ago, with unfathomable strength. There was even a time when he was faced with the temptation of a Heavenly Spirit, but he resolutely gave up the opportunity to integrate the Dao because that Heavenly Spirit was too weak!"

"Young Master Jinglun is strong, but compared to Ink Death, he is still a bit lacking in my opinion."

"That black particle annihilates everything, and resisting it is extremely difficult. I think if Zhong Shentong advances to the Soul Transformation stage, that infinite Seven-Colored Divine Light might be able to contend with it."

"Zhong Shentong? A Foundation Establishment cultivator? And he is so old. Did you really think any trash can come out and trample on Young Master Jinglun? Even without the Young Master making a move, I could crush him!"

"Oh? This friend is very confident? Do you dare to leave your name and address? I would like to come to your door and ask for advice in person!"

...

Li Fan's face was overwhelmed with grief as he browsed through these messages one by one.

In his heart, however, he thought, "Having suffered such misfortune, even if my final test results are slightly worse, it will still be quite reasonable."

For the next few days, Li Fan stayed indoors and declined all visitors.

He portrayed the image of a cultivator who had suddenly suffered a great change perfectly.

As time passed, Li Fan clearly felt that the memories of the Cong Yun Sea in his mind were becoming more and more faint.

His thoughts were hindered, and he hardly ever actively recalled anything relevant.

If it weren't for the fact that Li Fan had specifically opened up an area in the Dao Transformation Stone designated as a special record, and backtracked every few days...

He would almost have forgotten about the extinction of the Cong Yun Sea.

This only took a little over a month.

"The strength of this Heavenly Sovereign is truly terrifying."

Once again experiencing the influence of the Heavenly Sovereign firsthand, Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

Just like that, everything returned to peace.

After another ten days, the final test of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation closed training finally arrived.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 314: The Secret of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation


The final test was different from ordinary tests.

Because the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation's formation core was very rare, it was impossible to mobilize thousands of formation cores to Tianyu Province for a single test.

So this formation construction assessment was not conducted simultaneously for all formation students, but in groups of fifty, tested in order based on their usual comprehensive test scores.

Li Fan ranked slightly above average, so he didn't have to wait for long.

The Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was vast in scale. Even if one was a genius, it would take several years to fully construct it.

However, this was just a test to assess everyone's formation construction level. It was impossible to really waste so much time.

Thus, the goal was to construct the core structure of the formation as much as possible within seven days.

The final ranking would be determined by the accuracy of the formation.

Li Fan was in the sixth group, so conservatively estimating, it would be more than forty days before his turn.

During the assessment, leaving was strictly prohibited.

Only after the assessment ended were the students allowed to leave the Huan Yu Courtyard and relax in Tianyu City.

However, with the previous lesson, leaving Tianyu City was also not allowed.

While waiting, Li Fan also began studying the small black box Zhang Zhiliang had given him.

Previously, Li Fan had attempted to crack it.

But at that time, Zhang Zhiliang was still alive, and there seemed to be an unknown restriction on the small black box besides the sealing formation. Li Fan tried several times without success, so he temporarily gave up.

Now that Zhang Zhiliang had fallen, Li Fan noticed that the unknown restriction had spontaneously disappeared.

It meant that it was time to open Zhang Zhiliang's legacy.

Without much effort, as a silver thread lit up on the small black box, Li Fan broke the sealing formation.

Inside, the contents were not much different from the twelfth life.

It contained encrypted jade slips of the Infinite Formation, Heart Monkey Incense, Testing Balls, the Inheritance Token, and ordinary jade slips recording Zhang Zhiliang's last words.

Li Fan first read Zhang Zhiliang's last words.

After a moment, with a thoughtful expression, he set the jade slip down.

In the last words, Zhang Zhiliang briefly explained that by chance several years ago, he learned about the impending arrival of the Crimson Flame in the Cong Yun Sea.

In order to ascend to the realm of Dao Integration, he began to plan with all his might.

If Li Fan could see the contents of the jade slip, it meant that he had failed in achieving Dao Integration and perished.

Zhang Zhiliang's tone was full of disappointment, but he also expressed no regrets.

In the battle of Tianling Province, cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association fought each other, dying one after another like ants.

Zhang Zhiliang even witnessed several friends tragically dying with his own eyes.

The entire sky was occupied by the death announcements of the fallen cultivators.

Often, before one's death was clearly announced, it was covered by the death announcements of the subsequently fallen cultivators.

In the war, Zhang Zhiliang's pride as a Nascent Soul Formation Master was completely crushed.

Not to mention Nascent Soul, even Soul Transformation cultivators could only obey orders and leave life and death to fate.

"Under Dao Integration, all are ants."

As Zhang Zhiliang awakened, an infinite ambition for Dao Integration inevitably arose in his heart.

He survived to return to the Cong Yun Sea, and after narrowly surviving a disaster, he had an epiphany and advanced to Soul Transformation.

And now, with an opportunity given by the heavens, how could he possibly give up?

Defeat meant death, and he had long been prepared for it.

Fearful that his lifelong study of the Infinite Formation would vanish, he left behind his legacy in advance.

...

Because most of his savings were used to make formation crowns, the contribution points left in this life's legacy were slightly less than before, only a little more than 200,000 points.

For the present Li Fan, it was barely better than nothing.

What Li Fan valued more was how the Infinite Formation of Zhang Zhiliang in the Soul Transformation realm differed from when he was in the Nascent Soul realm.

Igniting the Heart Monkey Incense, Li Fan picked up the encrypted jade slip with golden corners and began to read it carefully.

After reaching the Golden Core realm, the strength of his divine sense skyrocketed.

This time, there was no dizziness, and Li Fan quickly skimmed through the contents of the jade slip.

Li Fan was already familiar with the original content of the Infinite Formation.

Upon comparison with this new version, he quickly noticed the differences, or rather, the improvements.

The core concept of the Infinite Formation was that the formation could constantly evolve on its own, always in a state of growth.

The most crucial point was the lack of a central core that could provide computational support for the formation's unlimited evolution.

In the twelfth life, due to the limitations of the Nascent Soul realm, Zhang Zhiliang did not clearly state the possible reference objects for this core.

But this time, Zhang Zhiliang was blunt and stated that the most suitable core for the Infinite Formation was the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's supreme treasure, the Tianxuan Mirror.

Whenever countless cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance used the Tianxuan Mirror at the same time, it never experienced any lag.

Not to mention that the Tianxuan Mirror also had to simultaneously regulate prices, control the flow of information, and so on.

It could be seen that its data processing capabilities had reached an unimaginable level.

Moreover, the Tianxuan Mirror had its own spiritual intelligence, making it a perfect fit for the Infinite Formation.

Previously, due to its unique position in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, Zhang Zhiliang had never thought in this direction.

However, after the Battle of Tianling Province, the emergence of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation gave him inspiration.

"The Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is a great attempt to combine the capabilities of the Tianxuan Mirror's abilities with formations."

"Everyone else all thought this attempt is earth-shattering, but in my opinion, it is still somewhat conservative."

"However, the Tianxuan Mirror is too important. Once something goes wrong, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will inevitably fall into severe turmoil. Being cautious is only natural."

"Even so, with the Tianxuan Mirror's newborn mirror as the formation core, the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is qualitatively different to other formations."

"You may have gained some understanding of how to construct it during your closed training in Tianyu Province."

"But you may not be aware of the true power of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation."

"In the Jiushan Province, when the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation first appeared, I personally went to experience it."

"When I saw those pillars of light that pierced through heaven and earth, when I felt the sense of being watched and threatened all over my body, and when the fluctuations of the Tianxuan Mirror swept over my body, a tremor from the depths of my soul arose."

"Ji Hongdao and the others are true geniuses, and are creating true monsters."

"Just think, when one Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation after another is completed, covering all the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, what will happen?"

"Under the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation it's hard for anything was hard to escape its surveillance. Everything that happens in the world, every bit of movement, would be captured without missing a single detail by the Tianxuan Mirror's gaze."

...

Li Fan couldn't help but be disturbed as he read this.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 315: Tianxuan Secondary Body


As Zhang Zhiliang said, after studying in the Huna Yu Courtyard for a long time, Li Fan had a good understanding of how to construct the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation.

But as for how powerful this constructed Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation actually was, Li Fan wasn't very clear. He lacked quantitative understanding.

It was like how the workers on a weapon production line might not fully understand the lethality of the objects they manufactured.

Initially, Li Fan thought that the main purpose of constructing the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was to mark the Five Elders Association cultivators who infiltrated the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

But with Zhang Zhiliang's reminder, Li Fan realized that perhaps the true purpose was far greater than that.

The Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was indeed extremely effective in distinguishing between enemy and ally cultivators.

But if it was just for this purpose, it would be overkill.

It should be noted that according to the current construction plan, a Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation would be built in every province of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The quantity of materials required was immense.

Even if the number of Five Elders Association spies doubled, the losses caused by them combined might not be more valuable than these materials.

Not to mention those remote areas of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, where infiltration was almost meaningless.

However, Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formations were to be built everywhere without exception for comprehensive prevention.

...

Cleaning up spies was one aspect, but achieving a high degree of control over one's own territory was the crucial aspect.

Under the coverage of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, once a cultivator from the Five Elders Association entered, they would be marked.

This actually meant that everything in the formation was under constant surveillance.

The first time Li Fan saw the Tianxuan Mirror, he had done a test.

After learning about the disappearance of the Liuli Fish on Liuli Island, he first bought a batch of Liuli Beads at the original price and then sold this news to the Tianxuan Mirror.

Afterward, the price of Liuli Beads skyrocketed, and he made a small profit from it.

This also confirmed that the Tianxuan Mirror was not an all-knowing entity. It couldn't know everything that happened outside of the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

With [Truth] on his body, Li Fan had intentionally avoided the Tianxuan Mirror's surveillance many times to ensure that his secrets were not discovered.

But if the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was established...

The Tianxuan Mirror would compensate for this flaw.

Perhaps all of Li Fan's small actions would be unable to escape its scrutiny.

Thinking how all his future actions would be under the constant surveillance of the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a chill in his heart.

He even maliciously speculated whether the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would establish a special organization.

Once they noticed any abnormal behavior from a cultivator, they would send members of this organization to deal with it.

In this way, perhaps all unstable factors would be eliminated.

"It seems that whether to rely on the Spirit Mist Grass to profit in the next life needs to be reconsidered."

"Although it can make me rich overnight, the impact and changes brought about by a war are too great. Especially with this Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation; once it is completed, I am afraid it will be very difficult for me to maintain my secrets."

Thinking about this, Li Fan had shot himself in the foot.

"No wonder the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's determination to construct the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation this time is so strong, even bringing back those of us who have already been eliminated..."

"But the popularization of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation in this world is already an irreversible trend. In the future, I can only be more careful in my actions and never expose any abnormalities."

"If things really go south, I'll use [Truth] immediately. Anyways, now that I have broken through to the Golden Core realm, I can still retain my cultivation after."

Li Fan sighed in his heart and continued to read the jade slip left by Zhang Zhiliang.

As soon as Zhang Zhiliang saw the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, he immediately realized the power of the formation and thus felt fearful.

At the same time, he was inspired.

The combination of formations and the Tianxuan Mirror was indeed feasible.

Wanting to possess the Tianxuan Mirror was obviously absurd.

So, what kind of treasure could serve as a substitute for the Tianxuan Mirror and act as the core of the Infinite Formation?

After a series of searches, Zhang Zhiliang found the answer.

The Tianxuan Mirror's secondary body.

If the newborn mirror was the Tianxuan Mirror's newly created incarnation, then the secondary body was a completely new offspring created from the Tianxuan Mirror.

The newborn mirror, as the Tianxuan Mirror's incarnation, always maintained a connection with the main body.

In contrast, the secondary body could be regarded as a completely independent individual.

From birth, it had no connection with the Tianxuan Mirror. Furthermore, it would inherit some of the Tianxuan Mirror's characteristics.

As a substitute for the Tianxuan Mirror, it couldn't be more suitable.

The Tianxuan Mirror was out of reach, but its secondary body could be plotted for.

Over the long years, the Tianxuan Mirror had given birth to dozens of secondary bodies.

Their actual functions varied, and they were often bestowed upon cultivators who had made outstanding contributions to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

For example, there was a kind of secondary body called "Xuanqing Mirror."

The Xuanqing Mirror stored all the knowledge and information that existed in the Tianxuan Mirror before it was detached.

Although it couldn't synchronize with any new information generated in the Tianxuan Mirror after its birth, it was still an immense existence that encompassed everything and couldn't be comprehended by a cultivator in their lifetime.

In Zhang Zhiliang's conjecture, there was bound to be one or even several secondary bodies that had inherited the terrifying computational power of the Tianxuan Mirror.

As long as one of these was obtained, the birth of the true Infinite Formation was not far away.

Even if he settled for second best, any secondary body would be enough to support the rudimentary form of the Infinite Formation.

...

"Tianxuan Mirror's secondary body..."

"With dozens in existence, if one was determined to obtain one, it might not be impossible to succeed."

Li Fan's eyes flickered slightly.

After this, Zhang Zhiliang's specific insights into the Infinite Formation followed.

Indeed, it was much more profound than before.

The formation's self-evolution program was further optimized, greatly increasing efficiency.

While cultivating, Li Fan continued to review the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation and studied the Infinite Formation.

Time passed quietly, and soon it was the day of Li Fan's group assessment.

Following Ji Hongdao's guidance, Li Fan was teleported to a vast and empty space.

A black storage ring fell into his palm, filled with formation materials.

Not far away, the formation core containing the newborn mirror floated quietly in the air.

At the same time, a red timer appeared above his head, representing the assessment time.

Li Fan took a deep breath, steadied his mind, took out the materials from the storage ring, and began his formation construction.

With the assistance of the Divine Transformation Dao, Li Fan's formation construction technique was extremely precise.

His speed was astonishingly fast, and after a short period of adaptation, his efficiency soared.

In just two and a half days, he completed the construction of the central core area of the formation.

Next, he had to perfectly embed the formation core into the core formation area.

However, Li Fan encountered difficulties at this step.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 316: Golden Core Fallen Immortal Realm


Affinity to the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation's formation core, along with the comprehension of the formation structure and Soul Contract detection, were the three major assessment criteria.

Its significance even outweighed the first two.

When Li Fan personally laid down the core area of the formation and attempted to guide the formation core into it, he never received a response.

He finally understood why affinity was so crucial.

At this moment, the Tianxuan Formation core was like a proud goddess, indifferent to Li Fan's efforts.

No matter how much effort Li Fan exerted, he couldn't move her in the slightest.

Yet the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation couldn't function effectively without her.

Without the formation core, no matter how vast the formation was, it would be nothing but an empty shell.

The central formation could be said to be specially designed for her. Its sole purpose was to perfectly integrate the formation core into the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation.

Now that the palace had been built, the main character refused to move in, leaving Li Fan in a dilemma.

The uniqueness of the formation core made it impossible for Li Fan to forcibly implement it.

After trying many methods, Li Fan still couldn't get the formation core to enter the formation.

Helpless, Li Fan had to try another way.

Since the goddess stayed still and refused to enter the palace, Li Fan decided to build another palace around where she stayed.

He dismantled and rebuilt the already formed central core formation.

With the formation core as the central point, Li Fan spent another two days constructing a new formation structure around her.

"In this way, although it can't achieve perfect integration, it can barely result in a formation."

"There's no hope of a reward in this life, I just hope the results won't be too bad."

After finishing the layout, Li Fan sighed inwardly.

It seemed that Li Fan's persistence slightly moved the formation core.

After moving into the core formation area, looking at this brand-new residence, it gently shifted its body.

Just this tiny movement doubled the compatibility between the formation core and the formation.

Li Fan was overjoyed and immediately attempted to communicate with the formation core again.

However, the previous initiative seemed to be her limit. Subsequently, no matter what Li Fan did, there was no change.

Soon, the seven-day period had ended.

Looking at the formation, which could only be considered barely qualified, Li Fan shook his head inwardly and left the assessment space.

"The construction of the formation should be able to get a passing score. As for the debugging and calibration of the formation core, it's equivalent to leaving the exam paper blank. But this is the limit of what can be done in this life."

"If the formation core is not giving face, there's really nothing I can do."

"It is said that among the students who participated in the previous rounds of exams, there was even one who could get the formation core to take the initiative to throw herself at him?"

"I don't know if it's true or not."

...

After the exam, it would take another two to three months for the results to come out.

Li Fan temporarily left the Huan Yu Courtyard and didn't stroll around Tianyu City. Instead, he returned to the small courtyard he had arranged for earlier at the Discussion Tower.

He had left hastily after receiving Ji Hongdao's summons, so he hadn't used this small courtyard.

However, Li Fan had paid a hefty deposit, so even if he was absent, it was still reserved for him.

Entering the small courtyard, he went to the secluded cultivation room, which was said to be highly confidential and capable of isolating the exploration of Dao Integration cultivators' divine senses.

Li Fan took out four items representing clothing, food, housing, and transportation.

He placed them in the four cardinal directions, silently chanting in his mouth.

"Blessings bestowed by the Heavenly Sovereign of Xuanhuang!"

At the first moment, he planned to launch the ceremony and enter the Fallen Immortal Realm.

The restrictions that prevented him from entering during the closed training period had long disappeared. However, at that time, he was only at the Foundation Establishment stage, so Li Fan chose to endure briefly to avoid exposing his secrets.

Now that he was in the Golden Core realm, he could openly enter and exit the Fallen Immortal Realm without arousing suspicion from others.

But out of fear of Ji Hongdao and others from the Formation Hall who created the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, Li Fan chose to perform the ceremony in this relatively private Discussion Tower.

"Senior Zhang, with your wisdom and martial prowess, you don't need to come this time." Li Fan silently thought, then started the ceremony.

The process of entering this time seemed longer than before.

It was pitch dark, and he wandered around an unknown and nameless space.

Li Fan wanted to see the surroundings clearly but felt drowsy and unable to concentrate.

So he had to rely on his senses to discern the surroundings.

It felt like he was in water, but it was not as cold as water.

The liquid surrounding him made him warm and comfortable.

Whenever feelings of hunger and weakness arose, a gentle and calming energy seemed to come from nowhere, soothing him and putting him into a deep sleep.

His body seemed weaker than Tian Yang's body.

Most of the time, he was in slumber.

Fortunately, after reaching the Golden Core realm, the strength of Li Fan's spiritual consciousness soared.

The time he could stay in the Fallen Immortal Realm increased from the previous half a month to over two months, almost the same as an ordinary Nascent Soul cultivator.

So he didn't end this trip to the Fallen Immortal Realm in a sad sleep.

In this way, Li Fan continued to absorb the warm liquid and occasional calming energy around him.

He felt himself getting stronger continuously.

After an unknown period of time, when there was no liquid left to absorb, an inexplicable feeling surged through his heart.

It was time.

Li Fan suddenly realized.

Driven by instinct, Li Fan began to tap the darkness in front of him with his sharp beak incessantly.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

They were slight pecks, but to Li Fan at this moment, they sounded like earth-shattering thunder.

After trying for a long time, Li Fan felt a little tired.

But there was only a barely visible crack in the darkness.

He felt discouraged.

Just then, that gentle energy reappeared, strengthening Li Fan's body again.

It instantly made fatigue and weakness disappear.

Revived, Li Fan continued his "earth-shattering" endeavor.

When he was tired, he rested a while, and there was immediately a trace of calming energy transmitted to him.

This process continued repeatedly, and more and more cracks appeared in front of him.

But Li Fan could also perceive that the energy that had been supporting him seemed to be weakening.

Fortunately, before the gentle energy was exhausted, Li Fan finally chiseled out a small hole in the endless darkness.

A ray of sunlight pierced through it, dispelling the darkness and shining on Li Fan.

With one breath, Li Fan used his long beak to continue striking.

The small hole gradually expanded and eventually formed a hole large enough for Li Fan to crawl out.

Li Fan shook his head and squeezed into the exit.

Sunlight, gentle breeze, insect chirping, bird singing, fragrance of flowers and grass...

In an instant, a beautiful and vast world appeared before Li Fan.

But he had no time to admire the breathtaking scenery.

Because he felt incredibly hungry.

Looking back at the broken egg he had crawled out of, a sense of clarity surged through his heart.

Without hesitation, Li Fan began to gulp it down.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 317: Dreaming of the Imperial Beast Sect


"Slow down, slow down..."

Amid a voice full of surprise, Li Fan swallowed all the broken eggshells.

A scorching energy surged from his abdomen, coursing through his entire body.

This power was extremely pure. After a moment, Li Fan, who was still stumbling a bit, could now bounce around.

"Wow... worthy of being a descendant of a divine bird, it's really impressive. He walks on his own shortly after birth! Won't it be a short while before I can ride on it and fly?"

Ignoring the chatter in his ears, Li Fan walked to the water's edge somewhat disheartened, and looked at his reflection.

"So ugly!"

A strange bird with no feathers covered in bare red skin appeared in Li Fan's sight.

"Senior Brother Zhang, I actually miss you a little."

"Hanging out with you, at least I'm also a true disciple of the Purple Heaven Sect. With this new map, I can't even be human anymore, and I ended up turning into such a silly bird."

Perhaps influenced by the possessed bird, Li Fan's thoughts were now more lively and jumpy than his usual calm state.

"Good bird, grow up quickly..." The chattering voice rang out again, making Li Fan even more annoyed.

But then a red plant, resembling both a worm and a grass, was extended in front of Li Fan, instantly dispelling all his unhappiness.

He snatched it and swallowed it in three or two gulps.

An indescribable sense of satisfaction surged, much like the exhilaration of forming the Foundation Treasure in the Qi Condensation stage or creating the Golden Core in the Foundation Establishment stage.

Almost instantly, Li Fan lost the ability to think.

There was only a blank consciousness drifting in an ocean of joy.

After a long time, the transcendent pleasure gradually faded.

Li Fan gradually regained his ability to think.

But the impact of the red plant from before still lingered in his mind, making it hard for him to forget.

Amidst endless reflections, greed inevitably emerged.

"What the hell is this?"

Li Fan was shocked, unable to control his gaze toward the owner of that voice.

"Don't look at me like that. This Thorn Insect Grass was so hard for me to save. Once you eat it, I can't get any more in a short time!"

A boy who looked about twelve or thirteen years old, scratching the back of his head, apologized with a sheepish look on his face.

"No more?" Disappointment and anger surged.

In a fit of anger, Li Fan climbed onto the boy's head and kicked fiercely.

Instantly, the boy's neatly combed hair turned as messy as a bird's nest.

The boy didn't get angry, just tilted his head and laughed foolishly.

Li Fan became even angrier and simply treated his head as a nest and settled in.

"Hehe, little guy, don't be angry. Although the Thorn Insect Grass is gone, we have countless treasures in the countless secret spiritual mountains of our Imperial Beast Sect. You won't go hungry! Come, I'll take you to find something to eat." The boy finished speaking and tossed out a feather.

The feather emitted a white light, and after a moment, an elegant red-crowned crane appeared before him.

The boy skillfully mounted the red-crowned crane, holding its neck tightly with both hands and shouted loudly, "Little Red, let's go!"

The crane let out a loud cry, then flapped its wings and flew into the sky.

Above the sky, the wind roared.

The boy didn't forget about Li Fan on his head, protecting him tightly with his hands to prevent him from being blown away.

Occasionally, a familiar warm energy came over, helping Li Fan resist the cold.

With the help of this gentle energy, Li Fan's restless mood gradually calmed down.

He seized this rare opportunity to analyze what he had encountered in the Fallen Immortal Realm this time.

"This time's possession target is a bit special."

"It's a strange bird struggling out of its eggshell."

"Mm..."

"It's a bit novel."

"Unlike possessed cultivators where I can maintain my own thoughts, after possessing a demonic beast, my temperament and character will also be influenced by the demonic beast. It's almost impossible to control myself, and I act according to instinct."

"This is not a result of negative emotions, it's the nature of the bird's character. So, the previously infallible Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra failed for the first time."

"Unless I reveal my true body and use the Law of Azure Flame, it's impossible to rid myself of this influence with current means."

"It seems that this is the Imperial Beast Sect from ancient times."

"The little boy underfoot should be a disciple of the Imperial Beast Sect. When I was in the eggshell, the gentle energy that sustained my life and helped me break out of the shell was released by him."

"The beast control methods of the Imperial Beast Sect? Helping demonic beast grow while..."

"Also strengthening the bond between the two." After sensing a bit, Li Fan silently contemplated.

Despite Li Fan teasing the little boy driven by his tendency to anger, in reality, the little boy was like a parent to the possessed strange bird.

As an experienced person, Li Fan was well aware of where the strange bird's anger stemmed from.

Apart from not having its hunger satisfied, it was more the result of the dependence on humans that surfaced in its heart from time to time that contradicted its instinctive will inherited from its bloodline.

Instinct told the strange bird not to get too close to humans.

But it couldn't control the emotions that welled up in its heart.

This is why it acted so irritable.

"The Imperial Beast Sect indeed has some tricks."

"I wonder if there are any other effects."

While thinking, Li Fan lay on the little boy's head, looking downward.

The vision of the strange bird far exceeded that of humans. Even in the clouds, everything on the ground could be seen clearly.

Among the continuous mountains, there were numerous spiritual fields spread out like terraces.

Some cultivators were using demonic beasts with the bodies of bulls and faces of horses to cultivate the fields.

On the mountaintops not far away, many buildings stood tall.

Further away, there seemed to be a tower.

A familiar and awe-inspiring aura emanated faintly from the tower.

"Not far ahead is the Fire Attribute Spiritual Field."

"Everyone says you're a descendant of the divine bird naturally inclined to fire. Eating things like Crimson Spirit Leaves and Arcane Fire Fruits is definitely beneficial for your body."

The little boy said with a playful smile.

"Coincidentally, my senior brothers have been busy recently for some reason. I'll take you in to sneak a bite, it shouldn't be a problem."

After flying for a long time, the newly born Li Fan became a little sleepy again.

"If you say so..."

Using his slightly hardened claws, he gently scratched the boy's hair, indicating him to send more energy over.

Li Fan yawned and was about to fall asleep again.

Just then, a tiger's roar echoed through the sky, startling Li Fan awake.

Looking up, he saw a blue figure standing on a demonic beast with the body of a tiger and the face of a human, coming from the distance.

It whistled past Li Fan's head and was gone in an instant, heading somewhere unknown.

The surging hurricane-like winds caused even the red-crowned crane ridden by the boy to become a bit unstable.

But the boy showed no complaint, instead, he shouted excitedly, "Look, it's Senior Brother Lu Ya! The demonic beast under him is said to be a descendant of the Water God Beast, especially powerful! It's already comparable to a Golden Core stage cultivator in less than ten years since birth!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 318: Fallen Immortal Realm Soap Opera


"Lu Ya? This name seems a bit familiar." Reincarnated as a bird, Li Fan's ability to think quickly was suppressed, but he vaguely felt like he had heard this name somewhere.

He thought for a long time but was unable to recall.

Angry again, he began to scratch the little boy's hair with his claws incessantly. Seeing no reaction from the boy, Li Fan fiercely pecked with his long beak.

"Ouch! That hurts!" The boy's gaze finally returned from Lu Ya's departing figure.

But he mistakenly thought Li Fan was urging him to find food, hastily soothing, "Alright, alright, I know you're hungry, I'll go find food for you."

"Little Red, let's go!" The boy patted the wings of the red-crowned crane beneath him.

The crane obediently flapped its wings, its figure transitioning from stillness to motion once more, continuously zooming through the clouds.

Amidst the whistling wind, Li Fan faintly heard the boy's regretful murmurs, "Senior Brother Lu Ya is handsome and kind. Now his strength has become so strong, he's truly perfect. If the folks in Ningyuan City knew, they would surely be happy. But I don't know why Senior Brother suddenly has such animosity towards Mr. Bai. Not only does he not let me go back, he even forbids me from sending letters..."

The boy frowned, his face carrying a troubled look far beyond his age.

But Li Fan suddenly stiffened.

Ningyuan City, Mr. Bai.

These two terms instantly activated memories deep in his mind.

A yellow-haired, skinny figure suddenly appeared before Li Fan's eyes.

"It's him?"

"The plot of the Imperial Beast Sect follows the events in Ningyuan City previously?"

"The beggar boy from back then can now control such powerful demonic beasts. Just by observing its might, that tiger-faced demonic beast should be at least at the Nascent Soul stage. How many years have passed?"

"However, the techniques of the Imperial Beast Sect have long been lost. It's possible that they are able to control demonic beasts more powerful than the cultivators themselves."

"Mr. Bai... It's this mysterious fellow again."

"Why is everything I experience in the Fallen Immortal Realm related to him?"

"Once is a coincidence, but after two or three times, it's hard not to be suspicious."

Many thoughts surged in his mind, his emotions stirred, and Li Fan felt as if the little energy he had just accumulated was rapidly depleting.

Unable to control his drooping eyelids, just before slipping into slumber, he seemed to see the figure of Mr. Bai again.

...

Li Fan was awakened by a sweet fruit being delivered to his mouth.

After swallowing the fruit, waves of warmth washed over his body, quickly dispelling his drowsiness.

Opening his eyes, he saw the little boy squatting sneakily on the ground, hiding behind a spiritual plant taller than himself.

From time to time, he picked one or two plump red fruits from above and handed them to Li Fan.

Li Fan didn't hesitate to swallow them directly.

His strength seemed to have increased a bit again, and Li Fan continued to scratch the boy with his claws, indicating he wanted more.

The boy kept shuttling through the spiritual fields, taking away all the fruits that were growing the best, and handing them over to Li Fan to enjoy.

After feasting, Li Fan found the boy more pleasing to the eye.

"Alright, that's enough. If we steal too much more, we'll be discovered."

"Hehe, let's go somewhere else."

The boy adjusted Li Fan, who was perched somewhat crookedly on his head after eating his fill.

Instead of summoning the crane, the boy walked with the wind beneath his feet and headed straight for the next field.

In this way, after plundering several places, they unexpectedly encountered a peer.

"Xu Ke, what are you doing here?!"

A voice suddenly came from behind the little boy, startling him.

But when he turned around and saw the other person's appearance, the boy breathed a sigh of relief.

Looking at the other party, the boy named Xu Ke made a hushing gesture, lowering his voice and saying, "Of course, same as you, Song Yang. I'm feeding my demonic beast companion."

Very dissatisfied with the interruption of his eating process, Li Fan cast a hostile glance at this person named Song Yang.

He was thin, carried a gloomy look, and didn't seem like a good person.

Around his neck coiled a black two-headed snake.

One head had its eyes tightly shut, while the other head stared at Li Fan, constantly hissing.

Xu Ke subconsciously gathered his hair to hide Li Fan.

But Song Yang seemed to have heard a hilarious joke, looking at Xu Ke disdainfully: "Same as me? Are you worthy?"

"My demonic beast companion is the descendant of the Blackwater Snake God Zhu Jiuyin and has unlimited potential. Achieving Soul Transformation in the future is a certainty. It doesn't have enough to eat, so it's only natural I've come to feed it more."

"As for your strange bird, what is it? At a glance, I can tell it doesn't have any powerful bloodline."

"The saying goes, dragons birth dragons, and phoenixes birth phoenixes, while the son of a rat can only dig holes. Xu Ke, do you think that you can rely on some mongrel bird can turn things around?"

Xu Ke was just a kid. Hearing his demonic beast being insulted, he couldn't help but argue: "My bird is not bad either. Everyone says it's descended from a divine bird and in the future..."

Before he could finish speaking, he was rudely interrupted by Song Yang.

"Descended from a divine bird? What bird? Phoenix? Vermilion Bird? However you look at it, your strange bird doesn't resemble any of them!"

"When say comforting words to you, don't take them seriously, okay? What a fool!"

Song Yang sneered and mocked, and even the two-headed snake hanging on his body mimicked his mocking expression.

"You're talking nonsense!" Xu Ke's face flushed red involuntarily, and his voice raised a few degrees.

But Song Yang seemed to want to deliberately provoke Xu Ke, not stopping at all, but rather intensifying his ridicule.

Above Xu Ke's head, Li Fan, who was already a bit impatient, heard himself being slandered by this skinny bamboo pole in front of him, and his anger flared even more.

Just as he was about to take action, Xu Ke pressed him down.

"Little fellow, don't be impulsive, you can't beat that snake. Besides, according to the sect rules, disciples are prohibited from fighting each other. If discovered, severe punishment will be inflicted. The one who initiates the fight will be punished even more severely."

"Let's just ignore him."

Xu Ke's voice also sounded in Li Fan's mind at the same time.

How could Li Fan, as someone who had reincarnated for a hundred lifetimes, not see that this fellow named Song Yang was deliberately stirring up trouble?

But the nature of the possessed bird was naturally irritable and prone to anger.

It was thanks to Xu Ke using all his strength and effort that Li Fan was barely restrained.

Otherwise, Li Fan would have rushed up long ago.

Ignoring Song Yang's cold sarcasm, Xu Ke paid no attention and left without a care.

Song Yang watched Xu Ke's departing figure, a flash of coldness passing through his eyes.

To appease Li Fan, Xu Ke took him to sweep through several circles of spiritual fields.

With different varieties of spiritual plants filling his stomach, Li Fan gradually calmed down.

For the next period of time, Li Fan spent his days eating, drinking, and growing strong like this.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 319: Hospitality of Various Demonic Beasts


His body grew rapidly, nearly two or three times larger than when he was just born.

The nest made of Xu Ke's hair was gradually becoming too small for him.

Fortunately, a fine layer of feathers began to grow on Li Fan's bald body, indicating that he would soon be able to fly on his own.

This trip to the Fallen Immortal Realm seemed unusually calm.

He spent all day by Xu Ke's side, and there were neither dangers nor opportunities.

Just when there were three days left that Li Fan could stay in the Fallen Immortal Realm, sudden changes occurred.

One day, a loud dragon roar echoed throughout the territory of the Imperial Beast Sect.

A roiling green light illuminated the sky, and the atmosphere above suddenly changed.

Looking up, Li Fan saw a huge dragon claw faintly visible through the clouds, covering the sky.

Although the dragon claw was far above in the sky, and was not directly targeting Li Fan, the pressure emanating from it unintentionally made the young Li Fan tremble uncontrollably.

It was the suppression of absolute strength, leaving him unable to muster any thoughts of resistance.

As if facing some enemy, the dragon claw fiercely swiped forward into the void.

Li Fan's heart stopped as he watched this seemingly world-shattering strike.

However...

Nothing happened.

As if encountering an absolute barrier, the dragon claw couldn't advance and was trapped in place.

"So this is the hospitality of the Imperial Beast Sect?"

After a moment, a very pleasant voice rang out, resounding throughout the heavens and earth.

It was extremely weak and gentle.

As the voice echoed between heaven and earth, Li Fan, as Xu Ke's companion beast, keenly sensed Xu Ke's body trembling slightly.

It was not because of fear, but because of excitement and doubt.

"Mr. Bai?"

His eyes were somewhat dazed, seemingly incredulous.

As if responding to his words, Mr. Bai's gentle voice sounded again.

"This dragon claw is not bad. I'll bring it back and give it to the children to nourish their bodies."

Before the words fell, a ray of light suppressed the rampant green light.

The pitiful dragon's roar echoed, and that huge, seemingly invincible dragon claw was directly severed, disappearing into the sky.

Vaguely, a figure could be seen standing where the dragon claw had been.

With the dragon claw severed, it seemed to have aroused the anger of the Imperial Beast Sect.

In an instant, the sky darkened.

A phoenix enveloped in flames, a yellow dragon, a winged white tiger, a two-horned qilin, and a ferocious dog...

One terrifying demonic beast after another appeared in the sky.

Surrounding that somewhat weak figure, their ferocity surged.

It seemed that the next moment, they would rush forward and launch an attack, tearing this provocateur into pieces.

At this moment, Mr. Bai spoke again, "Are you also here to give gifts to the children?"

The world suddenly quieted down.

The originally ferocious demonic beasts all had frozen expressions on their faces.

One person and countless fierce beasts fell into a strange stillness.

"If you don't answer, it means you agree, right?"

"It seems I was wrong before. The Imperial Beast Sect is indeed hospitable."

Mr. Bai looked towards the white tiger with wings.

"These wings are good. After eating them, one should be able to run faster."

Mr. Bai said so, and the white tiger lost its wings.

Mr. Bai looked again at the two-horned qilin.

"These horns are good. Grind them into powder, and they can treat bruises and injuries."

Mr. Bai said so, and the qilin lost its horns.

In front of Mr. Bai, the countless fierce beasts had no resistance at all.

Without even understanding what happened, their organs were cut off from their bodies.

They were taken as gifts for the children.

Fear filled the hearts of the fierce beasts in the sky in an instant.

They no longer had their former invincible appearance, all fleeing in terror and despair.

But they couldn't escape Mr. Bai's gaze.

Wherever his eyes landed, the beasts would become mutilated with his casual words.

The disciples of the Imperial Beast Sect below, watching this scene unfold, were all plunged into speechless shock.

The elders of the sect had always taught how the Vermilion Bird, Qilin, Black Tortoise, and Phoenix, those legendary beasts, were so powerful.

But what were they seeing now?

These majestic demonic beasts, the foundation of the Imperial Beast Sect, were all like chickens and dogs, being slaughtered at will.

Who exactly was that figure?

What strength did he possess?

And why did he do this?

Countless questions lingered in the minds of all the disciples of the Imperial Beast Sect.

And among all, Xu Ke was the most shocked.

With a bewildered look in his eyes, he didn't know what to do.

"That... it can't be Mr. Bai, right?"

"When I left the temple before, he was clearly just a mortal."

"He told me himself..."

Li Fan's reaction wasn't much better.

Seeing beasts thousands of times stronger than himself being slaughtered so easily, his body couldn't suppress the instinctual fear that spread through his heart.

Li Fan's consciousness could only struggle to gain control of his body and look up at the sky to admire that somewhat frail figure.

Just as Xu Ke was sinking into deep self-doubt, a voice rang out, shattering his hopes.

"Stop it, Mr. Bai."

"I know you're here for me."

A blue-clothed Lu Ya appeared in front of the frail figure.

And that figure stopped moving.

Even though the beasts were fleeing in confusion, Mr. Bai didn't attack anymore.

"Lu Ya, it's been a long time." Mr. Bai smiled and said.

Lu Ya remained silent.

"Is it really... Mr. Bai?" Finding it hard to accept this fact, Xu Ke's legs went weak and he fell to the ground.

Then, an even bigger question arose in his mind.

"Why, Mr. Bai? Why did you do this?"

In Xu Ke's eyes, although Mr. Bai was the greatest person in the world, the masters, uncles, and brothers of the Imperial Beast Sect had treated Xu Ke well too.

"Why?"

Xu Ke fell into deep confusion.

In the sky, Mr. Bai and Lu Ya seemed to be discussing something.

Then the two disappeared together.

But below, the Imperial Beast Sect began to descend into chaos.

In an instant, the authority painstakingly established by the elders of the sect was shattered.

Some felt that the Imperial Beast Sect was far weaker than its reputation would suggest and had no future.

Evil thoughts arose in their hearts, and they decided to plunder and escape in the chaos.

Some were completely terrified, hiding in secret rooms and refusing to go out.

And some loyal disciples of the Imperial Beast Sect, who saw that the path they had pursued all their lives had been trampled upon so easily, chose to end their lives in despair.

...

Amidst this chaos, Li Fan suddenly sensed the imminent danger.

At some point, Song Yang and his two-headed snake companion beast quietly approached Xu Ke.

Song Yang stared at Li Fan with greedy eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 320: The Divine Bird Descends


Locked in by the thin bamboo pole figure's gaze, Li Fan felt a sudden premonition in his heart.

At this moment, Xu Ke, who was spiritually connected with Li Fan, also reacted.

Protecting Li Fan behind him, Xu Ke's face was tense as he said, "Song Yang? What are you planning to do?"

Perhaps it was the rare chaotic scene in the Imperial Beast Sect that gave him confidence. Song Yang stopped acting and directly said viciously, "I really don't understand why a fool like you has such good luck!"

"What do you think I'm going to do? Of course, it's to take back what rightfully belongs to me!" With his ferocity revealed, Song Yang's eyes were full of killing intent.

At his signal, his companion beast, the two-headed black snake, slithered to the ground and slowly approached.

With a look of horror on his face, Xu Ke kept backing away, saying, "Senior Brother Song, have you misunderstood? I haven't taken anything that belongs to you..."

Although he said so, Xu Ke stood in front of Li Fan, trying to block Song Yang's line of sight.

Such small actions naturally couldn't escape Song Yang's notice. With a sneer on his face, he said, "Kid, stop pretending. Transfer the ownership of the Divine Bird to me, and I might spare your life. Otherwise..."

Song Yang snorted coldly, "Don't blame me for not acknowledging my fellow disciple. I'm sure you're aware of the pain of forcibly extracting blood essence and transferring it to a companion beast."

Xu Ke was alarmed when he heard this, "Song Yang! Plundering a companion beast is a major taboo in the sect! How dare you..."

Song Yang interrupted Xu Ke impatiently, "What stupidity. At this point, you're still talking about the sect's rules. Haven't you seen that the Imperial Beast Sect can't even protect itself now?"

It seemed that his patience was also completely exhausted, and he no longer bothered to waste words, ordering directly, "Black Spirit, attack!"

The two-headed black snake had long been ready, and at this moment, following Song Yang's order, its body sprang up.

From the mouth of the snake, a black venom sprayed out.

The black venom was like an arrow, about to fall on Xu Ke.

Xu Ke stepped on the wind, swiftly turning his body and narrowly avoiding it.

As the black water fell to the ground, it made a sizzling sound.

Glancing at it, Xu Ke's face paled involuntarily.

Not only was all the vegetation corroded to nothing, but even the stones underneath couldn't resist the erosion of the venom.

He had not yet learned how to form a barrier using spiritual energy. Once hit, he would probably either die or at least be severely injured.

Thinking of this, Xu Ke pulled out something from his bosom and threw it fiercely towards Song Yang and the two-headed snake.

He also took out a white feather from his bosom, intending to summon a crane to escape.

However, Song Yang seemed to have been prepared long ago.

Before the concealed weapon thrown by Xu Ke exploded, it was caught by a blue light and suspended in the air.

Among the black snake's two heads, the one that had its eyes tightly closed suddenly opened its eyes.

A black light shot out, hitting the crane feather.

The white crane feather seemed to ignite and turned into ash, fluttering down.

"It's useless, Xu Ke. I've made every preparation to deal with you. I've been following you in secret for months. I know exactly what tricks you have up your sleeve!"

"What are you going to fight me with?" Song Yang looked at Xu Ke as if he were looking at a dead man.

The next moment, another stream of black venom spewed out from the snake's mouth.

It was about to fall on Xu Ke, who was unable to dodge due to his shaken mind.

At this critical moment, a white light suddenly shot out from behind, facing the black venom head-on.

The venom that was capable of corroding stone seemed to be no match for this white light.

The moment it was touched, it all disappeared.

The white light's momentum remained undiminished, heading straight towards the two-headed black snake.

The closed-eyed snake head opened its eyes again, and black light burst forth, barely blocking the white light.

While Song Yang was shocked, a hint of greed flashed in his eyes.

"The Divine Light of Destiny!"

"The Divine Bird of Destiny is indeed extraordinary. It can confront the Black Spirit head-on even in its juvenile stage. If it were fully grown..."

"What matters most is its accompanying divine ability, Destiny Within Me,"

Song Yang looked at the mentally exhausted Li Fan, his desire to seize the Divine Bird growing stronger.

"Are you okay?" Seizing the time granted by the light, Xu Ke hurriedly ran away, flying towards the distance.

But the gap in strength between him and Song Yang was too great. It wouldn't be long before he was caught up by the other party.

At this moment, Xu Ke didn't first worry about his own safety.

Instead, he looked at Li Fan, who had exhausted his ability to save his life, with heartache.

"So weak, releasing one blow is the limit." In his exhaustion, Li Fan thought helplessly.

Not even having the strength to claw at Xu Ke, Li Fan just uttered a soft cry, indicating that he was temporarily okay.

Just now, seeing Xu Ke threatened with his life, Li Fan, as his companion beast, suddenly awakened the memory in his bloodline and unleashed the 'Divine Light of Destiny', saving him.

Therefore, Li Fan learned of the identity of the possessed strange bird.

The Divine Bird of Destiny.

The inherent strength of the Divine Bird was not considered strong, but it had one ability that made all other demonic beasts and even cultivators envious.

That was gathering and enhancing one's luck.

Luck was not a fantasy, but a reality.

Some cultivators, with excellent talent and temperament, ultimately failed on their paths due to a lack of luck.

But the Divine Bird could help its recognized master reverse their fate.

Moreover, as the Divine Bird's strength grew, this ability to gather luck would also become stronger.

In the end, it could even transform from "changing luck" to "changing destiny".

This was the so-called Destiny Within Me.

The master of the Divine Bird was the son of destiny.

Turning misfortune into opportunity and encountering miracles were all commonplace.

"No wonder that thin bamboo pole wanted to catch me so badly."

"So, the possessed strange bird was actually a treasure."

"Luck..."

In his exhaustion, Li Fan forced open his eyes, trying to use his newly awakened ability.

Looking at Xu Ke, a purple-golden light rose from his spirit.

Although there were one or two black wisps of smoke circling around, they couldn't conceal the nobility of the purple-golden light.

"Huh? This kid..."

"It turns out he already carried heavenly fortune. It was me who made a fool of myself."

"And I also expended so much energy."

Angered, Li Fan bit Xu Ke fiercely.

But because he was too weak, it was as painless as scratching an itch.

Xu Ke, who was struggling to escape, didn't care at all.

Because behind him, the pursuing Song Yang was about to catch up.

Just as Xu Ke was exhausted and about to give into despair, he suddenly saw, not far ahead, a bewildered green phoenix standing.

Lying under its feet seemed to be the body of its original owner.

Seeing this, Xu Ke was overjoyed.

He swiftly approached the green phoenix and embraced it while mounting it.

At the same time, he shouted loudly, "Little Green, let's go!"

The green phoenix instinctively spread its wings.

With a gentle flap, it soared into the sky, high into the clouds.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 321: Dissociation Disks


"Xu Ke!"

Song Yang's desperate and somewhat hopeless voice faintly came from below. Xu Ke, who had escaped death, looked back to make sure Song Yang wouldn't catch up.

After a long time, he didn't see the other party's figure, he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

"Little Green, thank you!"

Xu Ke said to the green phoenix familiarly while casually stroking its neck. The green phoenix flew while lightly chirping in response.

Meanwhile, Li Fan had exhausted too much energy from consecutively using his innate divine ability twice. Furthermore, after being chased by someone, his spirit was highly tense. When he suddenly relaxed, he fell into a deep sleep. And with this sleep, his existence in the Fallen Immortal Realm also came to an end.

When he regained consciousness, he had already returned to the cultivation world.

Reflecting on this journey to the Fallen Immortal Realm, which ended somewhat anticlimactic, Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

"This is it?"

Unlike when he possessed Li Chen of the Purple Heaven Sect, having an independent consciousness and freedom of movement, the starting point this time was extremely low, just a fledgling bird born from an egg.

He couldn't accomplish anything at all, merely spending his days eating and drinking.

Despite his rapid growth over two months, the Foundation Establishment stage was already the limit. In the ancient cultivation world, this level of cultivation was almost at the bottom.

Even if he wanted to do something, he was powerless.

"Do I need to reveal my true form for freedom of movement?"

"Or..."

Now free of the addled mind he had when he possessed the Divine Bird, Li Fan quickly recalled the incident of Ye Feipeng, who owned the Kun Peng Essence Blood, practicing the Creation Forge Art to activate the Kun Peng bloodline.

"Perhaps, the method of calling upon the body's hidden potential with the Creation Forge Art has miraculous effects on demonic beasts."

"It's worth a try. Hmm..."

"There's no rush. Let's see what changes there will be next time I enter."

Because there were traces of the mysterious Mr. Bai in both Ningyuan City and within the Imperial Beast Sect, Li Fan speculated that the scene within the Imperial Beast Sect was similar to Ningyuan City before: he would be unable to escape without meeting certain conditions.

Otherwise, he would be continuously sent back as in a cycle.

As for whether he was truly trapped again, there was no need to wonder. He would know in about half a year when he would be able to enter again.

By then, he should be done with Tianyu Province and have gone to the Tianyun Province.

"However, perhaps Ji Hongdao won't let me leave so easily."

"According to the original plan, after completing the training, students from each province will return to their hometowns to build the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation."

"But now that the Cong Yun Sea has disappeared, I don't know what arrangements will be in store for me."

"Furthermore, before leaving Tianyu Province, there's one more thing I have to do."

Li Fan left the closed-door room and came to the room where the Tianxuan Mirror was located, searching for information related to the extremely valuable rewards offered by Immortal Sage Jicheng.

The opportunity to use a life-extending method was extremely precious, and no one would want to lose it.

During this time, the prices of the originally extremely rare and precious life-extending treasures had soared even higher.

They were now priceless and often required high-level techniques or special treasures in exchange for purchase.

There were rumors that a cultivator had already discovered a Longevity Fruit in a ruin.

It was said that this fruit was refined by ancient cultivators and could extend life for five hundred years.

In the past, most had only seen mentions of it in the classics, and nobody expected to see the real thing now.

This fortunate cultivator, to avoid constant anxiety and fear, had already offered the Longevity Fruit to Immortal Sage Jicheng.

Furthermore, he hid all day in the Tianxuan Mirror, refusing to go out.

He was only waiting for the right time to cash in on the opportunity to use the Law Derivation Decree.

"My Longevity Fruit can also extend lifespan by three hundred years."

"I wonder if it can make it to the top three."

"Originally, I was very confident, but the Xuanhuang Realm has a long history, and there are too many hidden treasures. With great rewards, it's normal for something more valuable than my Longevity Fruit to appear."

"When the results are revealed, if it doesn't work out in this life, I can inquire about the origins of the top three. I'll plan ahead in the next life."

"However, preparation needs to be done in advance."

The previous clone had been buried along with the Cong Yun Sea by Ink Death. The bounty of Immortal Sage Jicheng had attracted widespread attention. Taking the initiative to step forward and stand in the spotlight was not Li Fan's way of life.

To be safe, Li Fan decided to create another clone to collect the reward. After all, if the clone knew the technique, the main body did too.

"The clone created by the Sun Stealing Technique will be one minor realm lower than the main body."

"In order to explain the origin of the Longevity Fruit, the clone must be at the Golden Core realm to enter the Fallen Immortal Realm. In other words, I need to advance to mid-stage Golden Core as soon as possible."

"Relying solely on my own cultivation is a bit difficult. The new crops haven't been planted yet, so I can only hope that Xiao Heng will provide more feedback."

"Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo have been missing in the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect for some time now. During this time, it seems like they have disappeared from this world and haven't given me any cultivation feedback at all. However, through the faint connection of the Mountain Meditation Technique, I sense that Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo are still alive. When they come out, they should bring me some surprises."

Not placing all his hopes on others, after a brief rest, Li Fan resumed his cultivation.

Time flew by. Soon, the final assessment of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation had all ended.

After the results came out, Ji Hongdao sent a message, asking all the students who had gone out to return to the Huan Yu Courtyard. Everyone gathered together again, inevitably feeling a bit nervous.

Ji Hongdao smiled slightly, not rushing to announce the results, but first introducing the rewards for those who performed well in the assessment.

Taking out a jade disk, he said, "This is the little thing that made me envious."

"Or should I say, all Formation Masters will fall in love with it when they learn of its abilities."

"Why don't you guess what it's for?" Li Fan carefully examined the jade disk in Ji Hongdao's hand, finding it somewhat familiar.

After thinking about it, he quickly realized.

This thing was somewhat similar to the "Formation Breaking Disk" he had seen before.

The so-called Formation Breaking Disk was a treasure that could analyze the structure of formations without destroying them, thereby providing reference solutions for Formation Masters to break the formations.

"Could it be that this thing is an advanced version of the Formation Breaking Disk?" Li Fan couldn't help but think so.

Obviously, Li Fan was not the only one who thought so. Many students stared at the jade disk, their expressions excited.

"It seems you've already guessed it, so I won't keep you in suspense."

"The effect of this item is indeed somewhat similar to the Formation Breaking Disk." Ji Hongdao touched the jade disk emotionally.

"But it is far more powerful than the Formation Breaking Disk."

"The original Formation Breaking Disk consisted of one thousand and eighty segments."

"But just one of these small jade disks can break formations several times faster than an entire set of Formation Breaking Disks."

"This is because it is one of the latest secondary bodies born from the Tianxuan Mirror."

"There are a total of nine."

"We named them Dissociation Disks."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 322: Nine Disk Competition


"Of course, if the only function was breaking formations, it wouldn't make me and my colleagues at the Formation Hall envious."

Just as the students were excitedly staring at the Dissociation Disks and discussing them, Ji Hongdao continued.

"The greatness of the Dissociation Disk lies in its growth."

After saying this, Ji Hongdao deliberately paused, waiting for the students' reaction. As expected, as soon as these words were spoken, there was an uproar among the crowd.

It was well known in the cultivation world that if a treasure was able to grow, its value would increase tenfold or even a hundredfold.

Originally, as secondary bodies of the Tianxuan Mirror, the Dissociation Disks were already very precious.

If they could also grow, then their value would be immeasurable! The students stared eagerly at Ji Hongdao, waiting for his explanation.

Seeing that he had whetted everybody's appetite, Ji Hongdao stopped teasing and said, "As Formation Masters, we all have a dream in our hearts to create our own perfect formations. The Dissociation Disks can help us achieve that."

"Every time we break a formation, the Dissociation Disks will absorb and store the formation data within themselves."

"Based on our research and observations, afterwards, the Dissociation Disks will spontaneously deduce the absorbed formations, attempting to repair the loopholes used in the previous breaking process."

"When the flaws are repaired, a brand new formation is born."

"Then, the Dissociation Disks will attempt to break this new formation again. They will then repeat this cycle of breaking, improving, and breaking again."

"In the hands of an ordinary Formation Master, it often takes several years, or even more than a decade, to optimize a formation once."

"With these Dissociation Disks, several optimizations can be achieved in just one year. Of course, this efficiency depends on the difficulty of the formations being broken."

"If it's a formation of the level of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, then the efficiency of optimizations will naturally be slower."

"However, even so, these Dissociation Disks are more efficient than all of us combined."

Ji Hongdao exclaimed, not the least bit resentful of being surpassed by a spiritual treasure. Unable to resist, he touched the treasure in his hand again and continued, "The more formation data the Dissociation Disks absorb, the stronger their breaking ability becomes. Similarly, their deduction and optimization abilities become even stronger."

"I can't imagine what level they will grow to in the future."

"It is said that our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance's greatest treasure, the Tianxuan Mirror, was just an ordinary mirror at first."

"It was only after witnessing the Immortal Ancestor's teachings and gaining self-awareness that it gradually evolved over thousands of years into the miraculous state it is today."

"So, who knows, perhaps these Dissociation Disks could evolve into a second Tianxuan Mirror." With this statement, all the students held their breath.

There was no way that anyone under the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance didn't know about the strength and value of the Tianxuan Mirror. Just the thought of possibly owning a treasure comparable to the Tianxuan Mirror in the future made everyone's breathing become rapid.

"Master Ji, don't tease us anymore, please announce the results!"

Speaking was a Golden Core cultivator named Qi Chengcheng. This person ranked at the top in every assessment before.

He had absolute confidence in his performance and believed that out of these nine Dissociation Disks, one would surely be his. That's why he couldn't wait and urged Ji Hongdao. Li Fan, on the other hand, savored Ji Hongdao's words carefully, sensing something strange.

Certainly, this Disintegration Disk was indeed an extraordinary treasure.

If Ji Hongdao didn't exaggerate, it was basically what Zhang Zhiliang expected, an excellent replacement for the Tianxuan Mirror as the core of the Infinite Formation.

Li Fan also admitted that he was impressed. However, Ji Hongdao's was a bit suspicious.

If he had said such things at the beginning of the training as motivation, it would have been reasonable.

But now that the final assessment was over and the results were already set, logically speaking, the ownership of the nine Dissociation Disks had already been determined. What was Ji Hongdao's intention in saying such provocative words now?

Even suggesting that they could evolve into a second Tianxuan Mirror.

If Li Fan didn't already know that the Tianxuan Mirror was likely related to the ancient treasure of the Xuantian Sect, the Xuantian Mirror, he would have almost believed Ji Hongdao's nonsense.

As Li Fan expected, after a slight smile, Ji Hongdao's revealed the twist. He gently waved his hand, and a golden list appeared in the sky.

On the golden list, from top to bottom, the names of every student were written according to their rankings. And the top nine emitted a faint purple-golden brilliance, which was extremely conspicuous.

As the golden list was revealed, Ji Hongdao also said, "I had promised that these nine Dissociation Disks would be awarded as prizes to the top performers of this assessment."

"This matter was personally approved by the headquarters of the Formation Hall, so I naturally won't go back on my word."

"However..."

"Things have changed."

At this point, Ji Hongdao's face showed a hint of helplessness. Everyone looked at each other, feeling a sense of unease.

"Initially, there were indeed nine Dissociation Disks. Even now, the quantity remains the same. However, just yesterday, we suddenly discovered that among these nine Dissociation Disks, eight of them have dimmed slightly."

"On the other hand, the remaining one, instead of weakening, has grown stronger."

"Although the degree of this change was extremely subtle, we still noticed it."

"Secondary bodies of the Tianxuan Mirror often have hidden characteristics which only manifest at certain times. So, we didn't realize the true mystery of these Dissociation Disks before..."

"We made a mistake in this matter," Ji Hongdao sighed, his face reddening. However, the students understood the implication of Ji Hongdao's words.

"Master Ji, are you implying that these nine Dissociation Disks will devour each other?" Qi Chengcheng couldn't help but ask.

Ji Hongdao nodded, "After noticing the anomaly and performing a careful study, we discovered that what appears to be nine Dissociation Disks is actually one entity."

"Whenever one of them becomes more powerful, it will seize the power from the other parts to strengthen itself."

"And the weaker ones, if they stay still and don't catch up, will be continuously drained of their power, becoming weaker and weaker until they disappear."

"This is what they call the strong getting stronger and the weak getting weaker."

"In the end, in the continuous competition among the nine Dissociation Disks, only one will survive."

"And it will be the biggest winner, gathering the power of all nine Dissociation Disks."

"The true Disintegration Disk."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 323: Last Resort Revealed


"Since the birth of the nine Dissociation Disks, besides taking one to study its characteristics, they have been sealed all along."

"Their strengths were in absolute balance, so they have been peaceful so far."

"But not long ago, I thought about how these treasures would be handed over to you juniors in the future, and how I wouldn't be able to explore them myself anymore."

"On a whim, I applied to take one to play with."

"I didn't expect that this would be a mistake and that I would discover its true secret."

Ji Hongdao sighed with some emotion.

As Ji Hongdao slowly explained the cause of the matter, most of the cultivators present didn't have any special reactions.

At most, they were like Li Fan, marveling at the miraculousness of this world, where even treasures had to compete.

Because these Dissociation Disks were rewards for the top performers, it wasn't their concern.

But the cultivators whose names shone brightly on the golden list weren't as pleased.

Anyone who had a treasure that might disappear at any time would surely feel uncomfortable.

Accustomed to and amazed by the miraculousness of the Dissociation Disks, they ultimately could only helplessly watch as they failed in competition and it gradually disappeared from their hands.

Just thinking about it felt extremely depressing.

If it really ended up like this, it would have been better not to have owned one from the beginning.

Otherwise, it would undoubtedly become a persistent heart demon, accompanying them throughout their life.

But looking at it from another perspective, the top nine on the list were all proud talents.

They all had their own pride, so it was impossible for them to give up without a fight.

"No wonder Ji Hongdao showed that expression. The unexpected deaths of Tantai Tao and a dozen others were already a painful loss for the Formation Hall."

"And these top nine cultivators are all outstanding talents as well. Losing any one of them would be unacceptable."

"In the competition of the nine disks, the winner takes all. The other eight losers will naturally be affected and may even decline from then on."

"For the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the greatest use of us students is to build the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation."

"Even if that winner may become a true master of formations, from the perspective of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, they suddenly have lost eight high-end laborers."

"In this world, the determination to build the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is so strong that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will naturally not allow such a thing to happen."

Li Fan's thoughts turned quickly, and in an instant, he understood the ins and outs of the matter.

Sure enough, Ji Hongdao continued, "You are all indispensable talents of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Losing one of you would be a huge loss. We will certainly not allow such infighting to happen."

"So, after serious discussion, we have decided to change the prizes for this assessment."

"Instead of the Dissociation Disks, they will be changed to the Formation Hall's specially made Formation Breaking Jade Disks, which were previously only allocated to Soul Transformation and above Formation Masters."

After Ji Hongdao's speech, there was no stirring reaction.

After all, the Dissociation Disks were incomparably precious. Even if it was a Formation Breaking Jade Disk, a treasure used only by Soul Transformation stage cultivators, how could it compare to a secondary body of the Tianxuan Mirror?

Ji Hongdao continued, "The change in the prizes this time was our mistake. To make up for it, we have also decided to increase the number of winners of the Formation Breaking Jade Disks from the top nine to the top one hundred."

At this point, the crowd finally started to stir.

After all, most had nothing to do with it before, and now a prize suddenly fell from the sky. Of course, there would be some excitement.

Li Fan also glanced at the golden list in the sky.

He happened to be exactly one-hundredth place.

The results were better than he had expected.

"It seems that my slight move of the formation has had the effect of turning failure into a miracle," Li Fan thought to himself.

But it was only a slight surprise, and Li Fan quickly calmed down, staring at Ji Hongdao in the sky.

He inevitably had more important things that he had not explained.

Those were the crucial topics for today.

Otherwise, no one would know that the real prizes were the Dissociation Disks.

If there was a problem with the prize, the substitutes could have been announced directly.

Why go through all these twists and turns today, constantly stirring up everyone's emotions?

Li Fan had no attachment to the Dissociation Disks, so he could analyze Ji Hongdao's intentions calmly as an outsider.

Sure enough, as Li Fan expected.

After the crowd gradually calmed down, Ji Hongdao finally announced again, "As for those nine Dissociation Disks..."

With a slight pause, attracting the attention of the students, Ji Hongdao slowly said, "We have decided to catalyze their competitive process through special means."

"Within ten years, the final and only Dissociation Disk will be left."

"And this true Dissociation Disk will not be taken back."

"Its ownership still belongs to the winner."

Like a thunderclap, the originally depressed Qi Chengcheng and others had a renewed flash of greed in their eyes.

"I think everyone understands that the reason why treasures such as the Dissociation Disks were offered as a reward in this assessment is because the alliance attaches great importance to the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation."

"Although there have been some minor mistakes in the process, however!"

"Our original intention remains unchanged!"

Ji Hongdao's tone became heavier, his face serious as he said, "To reaffirm the alliance's determination."

"To inspire everyone to strive for excellence."

"After our application received approval from the headquarters, we have decided that the final winner of the nine disk competition will be rewarded to the Formation Master who contributed the most to the construction plan of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation!"

Li Fan's eyes narrowed slightly when he heard this.

Taking a breath, he couldn't help but marvel, "Excellent tactics!"

"All the twists and turns today were for this."

"After several psychological ups and downs, compared to directly announcing this result, the temptation is much stronger."

"They'll be certain that these students will fight desperately for it."

Li Fan could almost foresee that for this true Dissociation Disk, which had the hope of becoming the next Tianxuan Mirror, these Formation Masters would surely reach a terrifying level of competition in the upcoming construction frenzy.

They will probably become even more formidable than cattle and horses in slaving away.

"It seems that in this life, the widespread construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation will definitely be much faster than I imagined."

"I don't have much time left..."

"However, I have a vague feeling. For this matter, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance seems exceptionally eager."

"The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has been established for thousands of years, and its rule is as solid as a rock."

"The Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is just another step forward. It should be slowly pursued, without the need for so many means."

"What are they so anxious about?"

Li Fan fell into contemplation for a moment.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 324: Fresh Crops


Although Li Fan was worrying about the future of the various cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the other students did not have his level of insight.

In the blink of an eye, they were all excited, and eager to try.

"Master Ji, please tell us, how is the 'most contribution' defined?"

"Yes, Senior Ji, there must be specific rules for quantifying this, right? How much contribution can be considered an evaluation standard?"

...

Seeing the enthusiasm of the students, Ji Hongdao couldn't help but show a pleased smile.

With a light cough, he began to explain to everyone.

"The core of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is, in essence, a newborn mirror of the Tianxuan Mirror, and you have all seen it with your own eyes."

"And the construction of the entire Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation starts from the central core area. In other words, from the beginning of the formation's creation, the entire process of construction can be perceived by the formation core and the Tianxuan Mirror."

"The person responsible for setting up each formation unit is surveilled by the Tianxuan Mirror."

"And the final result depends entirely on the data ranking published by the Tianxuan Mirror, eliminating any possibility of cheating. It is absolutely fair and just."

Ji Hongdao spoke eloquently, explaining in detail.

"I know that everyone recommended to study at the Huan Yu Courtyard has their own outstanding qualities. You are all young talents, and who among you would be willing to always be inferior to others? In order for everyone to have a clear understanding of their position and to further motivate you all, in this 'Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation Competition', everyone's contribution to the construction of the formation will be displayed in the form of real-time points."

"And, according to the points, there will be rankings announced by the Tianxuan Mirror, which everyone can check at any time!"

Li Fan, hearing this familiar method, couldn't help but feel shocked in his heart: "They really want these young Formation Masters to push themselves to the limit."

Next, Ji Hongdao also announced the preliminary construction plan for the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation.

It was decided that each cultivator would return to their hometown and, with the assistance of the local Formation Hall and Martial Hall, begin constructing the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation.

And if their progress was faster, after all the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formations in their province were built, they could freely move to neighboring provinces to assist in construction.

Because the Tianxuan Mirror saw everything, there was no need to worry about being having their credit stolen while assisting a different location.

At the moment when all the territories of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had completed the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, the Formation Master with the highest score would be the final winner.

As Ji Hongdao narrated the details of the competition plan, a subtle sense of self-satisfaction flashed in his eyes.

At this moment, however, he suddenly heard someone calling out.

"Senior Ji, I want to ask, now that I am homeless, what should I do? Where should I go?"

Following the voice, Ji Hongdao looked over and saw that it was Li Fan speaking.

His expression darkened, and he reprimanded, "You little fellow, are you mocking me? What homelessness? Naturally, you go back where you came from..."

In an instant, Ji Hongdao seemed to remember something, and his words abruptly stopped.

After sizing up Li Fan again, he rubbed his chin.

"This is a problem..."

He didn't answer directly, but after a while, he transmitted his voice to Li Fan: "Stay behind later, and I will discuss it carefully with you."

Li Fan also had the sense to stop speaking.

This little episode fell into the eyes of the cultivators present.

Some didn't care, while others suddenly realized and showed shocked expressions.

And some seemed to have known long ago that cultivators would forget the tragedy, appearing calm.

Ji Hongdao, who continued to explain the process of the competition, brought everyone's attention back.

A year later, the newborn mirrors of the Tianxuan Mirror would be transported to various provinces.

Before that, all the students had to return to their respective provinces first and assist their local branches in collecting the materials needed for formation construction.

Of course, some special formation materials would also be managed and distributed by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters.

...

After hearing the general construction plan, the students returned to their respective courtyards and contacted their relatives and teachers.

Li Fan, however, stayed where he was.

Besides Li Fan, there was another cultivator who didn't leave.

This person was called Xue Mu, who was at the Foundation Establishment stage and was also one of the three members who participated in the training from the Cong Yun Sea.

However, he was not one of Zhang Zhiliang's disciples. Li Fan had only met him a few times and wasn't very familiar with him.

As for the third person, he had failed to pass the Soul Contract test earlier and was eliminated.

He should have returned to Cong Yun Sea and then perished in the catastrophe of Ink Death's massacre.

Xue Mu seemed to be experiencing the existence of the Heavenly Sovereign for the first time, and the confusion and fear in his eyes had not yet dissipated.

Ji Hongdao looked at the two of them with a kind face and asked, "Cong Yun Sea has suffered a disaster, and you are homeless. What are your plans for the future?"

Xue Mu pursed his lips, lowered his head, and remained silent.

But Li Fan calmly clasped his hands and respectfully said, "I will be at the command of Senior."

Ji Hongdao seemed somewhat satisfied with Li Fan's response. After thinking for a moment, he said, "Now that the rules of the competition have been set, there is one province for each person. If you are arbitrarily assigned to a province and steal the contribution for constructing the formation, it will definitely cause dissatisfaction among others and be detrimental to you."

"But if you are not allowed to participate in this competition, you will definitely not be satisfied either."

"Hmm..."

He paused, his gaze fleeting for a moment, as if communicating with someone.

After a moment, Ji Hongdao said, "I wonder if you would be willing to do this."

"In addition to the various provinces, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance also has many important subworlds that need to be covered by the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation."

"Originally, these places were to be handled by us old folks."

"But due to special circumstances, if you are willing to be transferred to one of these places, it's fine too."

"It can also help us alleviate some pressure."

Ji Hongdao smiled and continued, "Nowadays, I'm not as energetic as you young people."

"As for the points for constructing the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, you don't need to worry. The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has many subworlds under its jurisdiction, and the scale of some of these subworlds is not smaller than that of a province."

"You can transfer with confidence."

"How about it?"

After finishing his speech, Ji Hongdao looked at Li Fan and asked gently,

The moment when Li Fan heard Ji Hongdao's words, the thought flashed through his mind, "Subworld? I wonder if there is a chance to come into contact with the Five Element Subworlds."

But he didn't dare to speculate further. He just waited for Ji Hongdao's question to finish before replying solemnly, "I will obey your command."

Ji Hongdao nodded in satisfaction and then looked at Xue Mu. "What about you?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 325: Hiding to Test the Divine Ability


Xue Mu seemed a bit dazed and a little hesitant.

"I am..."

Ji Hongdao's brow slightly furrowed. "Hmm?"

Xue Mu's body trembled slightly, hastily saying, "I am willing to obey Senior's instructions."

Only then did Ji Hongdao nod slowly, but his expression towards Xue Mu was not as kind as it was towards Li Fan earlier.

"The construction plan for the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formations in various provinces will not officially begin for another year or so."

"I should clarify that although some subworlds have gradually started setting up formations, for the sake of fairness in the competition, I will wait until a year later when the competition begins to apply for your transfer."

Ji Hongdao seemed to recall something, looking at Li Fan, then added, "During this year, I won't restrain you."

"Wherever you want to go, you can."

"In Tianyu Province, there are many wonders and sights. Observing them will greatly benefit your cultivation and skills."

"During your time in Tianyu Province, you haven't had time to tour around, right? This is a good opportunity to do so."

"Just return immediately upon receiving my message."

Ji Hongdao suggested with a smile.

Seeing Li Fan hesitate, he smiled again and said, "No need to worry too much. The unexpected event encountered by Tantai Tao and the others is unlikely to happen again."

Li Fan's heart stirred, but he didn't say much.

"In that case, thank you, Senior!"

"Alright, you two can leave! I've been dealing with you juniors for so long, and I'm a bit tired." Ji Hongdao finished explaining and waved his hand to dismiss the two.

Li Fan and Xue Mu both bowed, and then left the Huan Yu Courtyard.

"Fellow Daoist Li... I wonder what plans you have for this year?" Inside Tianyu City, Xue Mu asked somewhat cautiously.

"Hehe, fellow Daoist Xue, no need to be nervous." Li Fan looked at Xue Mu with a friendly smile and replied, "A year can be both long or short. If I'm in seclusion, it'll pass in the blink of an eye. If I travel around, I might be able to explore all of Tianyu Province."

"Cultivation doesn't need to happen at this moment. Instead, opportunities are fleeting and will not wait. I plan to follow Senior Ji's advice and travel around the nearby provinces."

"What about you, fellow Daoist Xue? Your aura seems to be fluctuating, and you seem to be close to a breakthrough?" Li Fan asked.

Xue Mu was surprised. "Fellow Daoist has keen eyesight. I won't hide it from you. During this period of closed-door training, although it was tough, I also grasped something. The bottleneck that originally left me stuck at the Foundation Establishment stage naturally dissipated, and I can break through to the Golden Core realm at any time."

"Congratulations, fellow Daoist!" Li Fan looked very happy.

Perhaps it was because they were both from the Cong Yun Sea and had an inherent intimacy, or perhaps it was because Xue Mu wasn't good at socializing, hadn't communicated much with others during the closed-door training, and had been stifled for too long.

At this moment, Xue Mu suddenly opened up and poured out his troubles to Li Fan.

"Ah, fellow Daoist doesn't know. If I had achieved the Golden Core stage back in Cong Yun Sea at the age of forty, I would have been extremely satisfied."

"However, after coming to Tianyu Province, I've met countless geniuses, and most of them have achieved Golden Core with two or even three laws."

"In comparison, I am unwilling to achieve only a measly Single Law Golden Core."

"But I only have one year of free time left. In this year, if I want to comprehend another law, it may be somewhat difficult for me."

As he spoke, Xue Mu's face showed a trace of hesitation.

At this moment, Li Fan smiled.

"Hehe, so fellow Daoist is troubled by this."

"I have a method that may help fellow Daoist get through this difficulty. I wonder if fellow Daoist would like to give it a try?"

Xue Mu was slightly stunned, then delighted. "Please teach me, fellow Daoist!"

Li Fan didn't beat around the bush and slowly said, "Fellow Daoist, do you know about the marvelous sight in the neighboring Tianyun Province called the Mortal Transcendence Wall?"

"Mortal... transcendence?" Xue Mu's eyes lit up, shaking his head gently.

"This wall records a scene from ancient times when a mortal ascended to immortality and reached the heavens in a single step."

"When this marvel reappears, it will also resonate with the laws of heaven and earth, giving birth to countless astonishing phenomena."

"Practitioners below the realm of Soul Transformation can almost always gain insights from witnessing the spectacle of a mortal transcending to immortality."

"Not long ago, there was even a practitioner who comprehended the Great Dao and eventually reached the realm of the Five Law Golden Core!"

"I see that fellow Daoist possesses extraordinary talent and comprehension. Why not try your luck?"

Li Fan looked at Xue Mu, his gaze intense.

Xue Mu was filled with excitement. "Such a marvel exists?"

"This is truly a blessing for me!"

"Tianyun Province, I'm going there right away!"

Xue Mu muttered to himself, his face flushing red, and he rushed towards the Transmission Square in Tianyu City.

After walking a few steps, he seemed to remember something and turned back, somewhat embarrassed, and asked, "Fellow Daoist Li Fan, why not come with me?"

Li Fan smiled and declined.

"I have other arrangements. Fellow Daoist, you don't need to worry about me, just go on your own!"

Upon hearing this, Xue Mu didn't insist.

He bowed and said solemnly, "Regardless of whether this trip is fruitful or not, I will never forget the kindness of your guidance, fellow Daoist Li Fan."

"Haha, these words are already enough," Li Fan thought to himself.

Of course, he couldn't just say it so bluntly.

The play had to be acted out.

Waving his hand dismissively, he said nonchalantly, "It was just a casual remark, fellow Daoist. You don't need to take it to heart."

However, judging from Xue Mu's expression, he had already firmly remembered Li Fan's "kind words".

"These days, it's rare to see honest people with good talent like this." Watching Xue Mu's figure disappear into the distance, Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

"Barely half a crop is better than nothing, I suppose."

After Xue Mu left Tianyu City, Li Fan used a teleportation formation to arrive at Liangqu City on the outskirts of Tianyu Province.

He had already investigated beforehand and knew that this area was relatively desolate with a sparse population.

Li Fan concealed his figure and flew low to the ground at extreme speed for two days, finally finding a suitable hiding place.

Underneath a narrow canyon, Li Fan dug out a secret chamber in the mountain, and then sealed the entrance.

This time, during his seclusion outside, Li Fan was trying to escape the sight of the Tianxuan Mirror and test the divine ability he had envisioned.

The Five Elements Annihilation Sword.

After a long time, Li Fan, who had tested it countless times in his mind, opened his eyes.

"The five elements as the foundation," he silently recited in his heart.

The power of the Golden Core circulated, the Five Elements were born from each other, and a huge, endless rotating force emerged from his dantian.

"Heavenly Calamity, Ink Death as the edge."

A hint of madness flashed in his left eye, while a touch of ghostly darkness appeared in his right eye.

The rotating power of the Five Elements slowly converged in the face of the two annihilating forces.

Li Fan lightly pointed towards the ground.

A pitch-black light bloomed from his fingertip.

It shot downwards rapidly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 326: A Guest Suddenly Arrives


Black light flashed silently.

Not even the slightest spiritual energy disturbance occurred.

If it weren't for Li Fan being the originator of this black light, witnessing it burst out from his own body, Li Fan would hardly be able to detect it even when it was close to him.

When the black light touched the mountain, there was no earth-shattering explosion.

The sturdy rocks melted away like snow.

Yet, the speed of the black light did not slow down at all, continuously descending deeper into the earth.

Everything that obstructed its path was eroded by the black light, turning into nothingness.

In an instant, a pitch-black void, several fingers wide and seemingly bottomless, appeared in front of Li Fan.

Under Li Fan's observation, the black light continued to penetrate the mountain, descending incessantly.

However, while annihilating everything it touched, it didn't mean the black light was without consumption.

Compared to the initial burst of light, the Five Elements Annihilation Sword, which drilled through the mountain like a tunnel, had already consumed most of its energy in just a few breaths.

"I wonder how my Annihilation Black Light compares to Zhong Shentong's Seven-Colored Divine Light!"

As the black light disappeared within the range of Li Fan's spiritual sense, he looked again at his masterpiece, resembling a small abyss, and couldn't help but think so.

"Zhong Shentong's Seven-Colored Divine Light, when used, floods the sky endlessly, invincible in defense and offense."

"Then let me see now, with the Five Elements as the foundation of my energy consumption, where my limit lies."

Next, he didn't stop, his hands continuing to move.

A streak of pitch-black light, like an arrow of destruction, appeared in the mountain, piercing downwards.

In fact, the Five Elements Annihilation Sword was the manifestation of the power of Heavenly Calamity and Ink Death among Li Fan's Nine Law Golden Core, and it didn't necessarily have to be used with his fingers.

Any part of his body, such as his eyes or feet, could also activate it.

However, this method of attack, flicking out a streak of black light with a finger, was better suited to Li Fan's aesthetics.

Within Li Fan's body, the power of the Five Elements swirled endlessly, providing a continuous source of power for the Five Elements Annihilation Sword.

After about the time it took to drink a cup of tea, Li Fan had almost hollowed out the mountain in this area, but he felt that he had not yet reached his limit and still had much energy left.

But Li Fan was still forced to stop his mad attack.

Because what was currently limiting him from continuing his assault was not the consumption of internal energy, but...

A violent impulse to destroy everything he saw surged in Li Fan's heart.

Both of his eyes were completely occupied by profound darkness, which looked terrifying.

This desire to destroy everything in the world didn't suddenly appear.

It accumulated slowly as Li Fan continuously unleashed the Five Elements Annihilation Sword.

Originally, he could still suppress it with his willpower and the effect of the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra.

But gradually, the violent impulse accumulated, eventually forming a powerful storm of thoughts.

It almost occupied all of Li Fan's mind.

The remaining reason in his mind told Li Fan that this was his current limit.

So he stopped his attack and used the power of his body's Hidden Potential and the Azure Flame to slowly suppress the riot in his mind.

He didn't know how long it took.

The madness in Li Fan's eyes finally disappeared completely.

His head cleared again, and Li Fan exhaled slowly.

"Although the Five Elements Annihilation Sword is powerful, its side effects are not negligible."

"But for me, it's still manageable."

"If I really encounter an opponent that even the Annihilation Black Light can't defeat after such a long time, then I might have to consider using [Truth]."

With his experiment complete, Li Fan got up, preparing to leave this internally devastated mountain.

"Young man, your swordsmanship is not bad."

Just then, a somewhat aged voice suddenly sounded behind him.

Li Fan's body stiffened suddenly.

But he still tightly suppressed the urge to retaliate immediately, turning abruptly to look back.

Only to see an old man with a grass hat and a straw cloak, who had appeared in the hollow mountain at some unknown time.

At this moment, he was squatting down, examining the traces of destruction caused by the Five Elements Annihilation Sword below.

On the old man's back, there was also a fish basket woven from yellow bamboo strips.

There seemed to be something struggling inside, but Li Fan couldn't see clearly.

"Old Fisherman?"

The old man's outfit was so distinctive that Li Fan's mind immediately conjured up this name.

Recalling the information he had learned in the Tianxuan Mirror before, Li Fan felt slightly relieved.

At least for now, this old fisherman didn't seem to have any malicious intent.

Though still not completely dropping his guard, Li Fan bowed and respectfully said, "Greetings, senior."

The fisherman didn't answer, still carefully examining the surrounding void abyss.

Li Fan didn't dare to leave on his own, only patiently waiting.

After a while, the old man clapped his hands and stood up straight.

"Ah, similar, but not quite." He shook his head and muttered softly.

Then he looked at Li Fan with interest and asked, "Young man, do you know me?"

"I have heard of the name of Senior Fisherman," Li Fan replied frankly.

At the same time, in his dantian, on the Golden Core, the image of the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart faintly appeared for a moment.

"Fisherman..."

"If you want to call me that way, it's not wrong."

"After all, most people in this world call me that."

"There is nothing wrong with flowing with the world and not being stagnant."

The old man's expression suddenly became somewhat lonely.

"Unfortunately, I know that this is not my true name."

"But now, I have even forgotten my own name, so what can I ask of others?"

The old fisherman said somewhat self-deprecatingly.

Li Fan, upon hearing this, didn't know what to say and could only remain silent.

The old fisherman seemed to be lost in memories for a moment and then returned to normal. He looked at Li Fan and asked, "Young man, what is the name of the sword technique you just used? And where did you learn it?"

"It's here..." Li Fan's heart trembled, seeing the other party finally getting back to the point.

Not daring to delay, he replied, "This sword technique was created by the junior himself. Based on the characteristics of the sword technique, the junior named it the Five Elements Annihilation Sword."

The old fisherman's eyes lit up. "The Five Elements Annihilation Sword, that's a good name."

"But the grandeur of the name is a bit too far-fetched."

The old man criticized without hesitation.

"But well, young people, it's normal to be proud." As if recalling something again, a hint of confusion flashed in the old fisherman's eyes.

Li Fan had already seen that this old fisherman was indeed as rumored.

There was something wrong with his mental state.

Li Fan did not dare to disturb him and stood quietly aside.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 327: The Fisherman Wants to Sell Fish


After a while, the confusion in the Old Fisherman's eyes gradually dissipated.

However, he was completely oblivious to his own strangeness and continued speaking.

"I find the aura of your sword technique very familiar."

"It seems extremely similar to what I've been looking for. Just now, I sensed a fluctuation of the aura and thought my lost item was here."

"I got excited for nothing!"

The Old Fisherman shook his head, feeling somewhat emotional.

"Similar... lost item?"

From the information he had previously viewed, Li Fan already knew.

This Old Fisherman had been wandering around the states because he couldn't find something of his own.

And now, he sensed the aura of the Five Elements Annihilation Sword and traced it to Li Fan.

In a flash, Li Fan thought of a possibility.

Heavenly Calamity Sword!

But if this answer was true, then this old man's strength...

The handle of the Heavenly Calamity Sword was on par with the Green Wind and even surpassed it.

Furthermore, the broken body of the Heavenly Calamity Sword could compete with Ink Death.

If the Heavenly Calamity Sword were intact, how strong would it be?

And what cultivation level would this Old Fisherman, who was possibly the master of the Heavenly Calamity Sword, be?

There were two choices before Li Fan.

One was to truthfully disclose the information about the Heavenly Calamity Sword that he knew.

Although he might receive rewards from someone as powerful as the Old Fisherman.

However...

This Old Fisherman had been wandering around the Xuanhuang Realm for hundreds of years.

Why had he lost his memory in the first place?

Why had the Heavenly Calamity Sword become so broken and separated from him?

The implications were too great, and the levels involved were too high.

If he wasn't careful, once he got involved in a conflict, he could be killed permanently.

Even [Truth] might not be able to save him in time.

The second option was to pretend not to know.

Although he would miss this great opportunity, Li Fan could use a clone in the next life, or be even more cautious by having other cultivators inform the Old Fisherman that the lost item was the Heavenly Calamity Sword in the Cong Yun Sea.

Then, he could see if there was any danger to his life, and what changes it might bring later.

If he really could have gained some amazing benefits from it, for Li Fan, it would have been just a delay of two or three lifetimes.

Upon comparing the two options, the second one was obviously the safest.

So...

Li Fan chose to wait.

He was waiting to see if this hidden powerhouse, the Old Fisherman, was like the former Heavenly Doctor, able to read his thoughts.

Li Fan had already thought over the causes and consequences of this matter in his mind.

If the Old Fisherman really could perceive Li Fan's thoughts, then the second option of pretending not to know was out of the question.

On the other hand, if the Old Fisherman couldn't...

Then making the second choice was naturally unquestionable.

Perhaps it was because the Old Fisherman's mental state was abnormal, or perhaps it was because he wasn't proficient in this aspect and the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart had partially come into effect.

In any case, fortunately.

Before the emotional Old Fisherman, Li Fan remained silent for one breath, two breaths, three breaths.

Yet this old man had no special reaction.

So, Li Fan was sure that the other party couldn't sense his thoughts.

His mind couldn't help but loosen up.

On the fourth breath, he pretended to ponder for a while before saying, "The sword technique I comprehended unexpectedly bears some resemblance to Senior's lost item?"

"It seems that I have some fate with Senior."

Then, Li Fan asked again, "Senior, what exactly did you lose? I heard that you've been searching for it for a long time and haven't found it?"

The Old Fisherman shook his head. "I can't remember, just like my name, I've forgotten it all."

"However, if I can see it again, I should be able to remember."

"Yes, as long as I find it, I can remember everything again..."

Seeing the fisherman beginning to drift into confusion again, Li Fan handed over his storage ring, interrupting him.

"Since that's the case, Senior, why don't you take a look inside to see if there's anything of yours?"

"We have such a fate together, so maybe you'll find something useful here."

This is also a standard action for every cultivator when meeting a fisherman.

The fisherman didn't refuse and took the ring, inspecting it.

"Heh, although your strength isn't much, your wealth is not bad."

After a moment, the fisherman praised.

Li Fan remained calm.

For Li Fan, his true secret lied only in [Truth].

Even if everything else was known to others, it wasn't a big deal.

This was why he wasn't afraid of the fisherman's inspection.

The Old Fisherman identified each item.

"This isn't it, nor is this one."

"This...?"

"Hmm?"

Li Fan's heart skipped a beat as he watched the old man take something out of the storage ring and carefully examine it.

"Interesting," he showed an interested expression.

The item that even a strong person like the fisherman found interesting was the Sun Stealing Token that Li Fan had detected problems with and left in a corner to eat dust.

Sun Stealing Token.

"If I can make good use of it and exchange a cultivation method from the fisherman's hand, that would be great."

Li Fan's thoughts quickly turned, and he immediately made a very surprised expression, saying, "Senior, is this the thing you lost?"

The Old Fisherman held the token, slightly stunned.

"This?"

"No, no." He quickly shook his head.

"I just think this little thing is very interesting."

"I haven't encountered such a rare thing for a long time."

He looked at Li Fan and asked seriously, "Young man, are you willing to part with it?"

Li Fan said solemnly, "I'm not as discerning as Senior. I've had this item for a long time, but I always thought it was just a token with a storage function."

"In my hands, it's just a precious pearl left in dust. Please take it, Senior!"

Seeing Li Fan agree, the fisherman nodded.

In an instant, the Sun Stealing Token disappeared from his hand, and Li Fan didn't know where it went.

"I won't take your stuff for nothing."

The fisherman carefully looked at Li Fan again, making Li Fan feel a chill.

Then he said, "Hmm, it seems I have something very useful to you."

He brought out the fish basket from behind him, reached in with his right hand, and grabbed something.

"It's her!"

Then he grabbed a figure from it and threw it in front of Li Fan.

Li Fan looked closely, his eyelids jumping.

The person was wearing the standard black and yellow robe of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and was obviously a member of the organization.

As if bound by invisible ropes layer by layer, she could only twist her body like a fish out of water, struggling incessantly.

"After starving for so long, she's still so strong," the fisherman muttered, then reached out and slapped her.

The female cultivator immediately passed out.

"Alright, the deal is done, I'm leaving."

"Young man, we'll meet again if we're destined."

The Old Fisherman put the fish basket back on his back.

Before Li Fan could respond, he stepped out with one foot and disappeared.

Only a faint song rang out, but the specific content could not be heard clearly.

"What a surprise, with unexpected gains."

Glancing at the motionless female cultivator of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance beside him, Li Fan looked in the direction where the fisherman disappeared, with a contemplative look on his face.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 328: Obtaining a Second Generation Cultivator


"I thought I was being very cautious this time, but unexpectedly, even in such a remote place, it could still attract the Old Fisherman, who is at least in the Dao Integration realm."

"This was an unavoidable accident. Who could have imagined that this somewhat eccentric old man would be related to a broken sword in the Cong Yun Sea thousands of miles away?"

Carefully recalling every scene of the exchange with the Old Fisherman just now, Li Fan discovered that although the sudden appearance of the Old Fisherman startled him, the level of danger throughout the entire contact process was as different as heaven and earth compared to the Heavenly Doctor from before.

Even the pressure brought by the black-clothed Dao Integration expert from the Yuandao Province was far greater than that of the Old Fisherman.

Was it because the Old Fisherman's strength was inferior to that of the black-clothed Dao Integration expert?

Li Fan didn't think so.

The master of the Heavenly Calamity Sword must be far superior to ordinary Dao Integration cultivators.

Even if he had become insane and lost his memory for some unknown reason, he should not be underestimated.

But the feeling he gave Li Fan was so peculiar.

During the time he spent with him, there was no feeling of communicating with a powerful Dao Integration Immortal Sage.

Instead, it was like conversing with an ordinary and friendly elder.

Apart from his own psychological factors, there was not a trace of pressure felt.

Why was this so...

Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Could it be that the Old Fisherman also forgot about the fact that he is a powerful figure?"

Li Fan faintly felt that this might indeed be the case.

Perhaps there were still other secrets behind this, but they should be similar.

"A powerful figure like the Old Fisherman, wandering around the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance in such a crazy manner, is extremely dangerous."

"If he suddenly goes crazy and rampages, the destruction he causes might be no less than the war in Tianling Province."

"Even so, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance actually allows him to roam freely like this, without expelling him."

"There must be some deeper reason behind this."

"This water is too deep. Before I grow stronger, I should try to avoid contact with him as much as possible."

As his thoughts slowly calmed down, Li Fan looked again at the still-unconscious female cultivator from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

With a delicate face, although not quite stunning, she was still definitely a beauty.

Judging from her appearance, she seemed relatively young, but the appearance and age of cultivators were not directly related.

She might be older than Li Fan.

This was because Li Fan couldn't even sense the specific cultivation level of this woman.

This indicated that either she had a precious treasure protecting her body, concealing her aura, or her strength far surpassed Li Fan's, at least at the Nascent Soul or Soul Transformation stage.

"This woman is of great use to me? What does that mean?"

Although he didn't know what the Old Fisherman had seen, Li Fan probably wouldn't have received her without reason.

Capturing the female cultivator, Li Fan quietly left the already excavated mountain.

After flying for a while, he arrived at a clearing in the forest and placed the female cultivator down.

Then he tried to wake her up.

However, Li Fan tried several methods, but none were successful.

"It seems that the Old Fisherman's slap was really heavy."

Without figuring out the identity of the female cultivator, Li Fan didn't act rashly.

He just silently stood guard beside her.

While cultivating, he waited for her to wake up.

Two full days later, the female cultivator let out a whimper, finally regaining consciousness.

She sat up, looking around in a daze.

Glancing at Li Fan, who was sitting quietly beside her, she looked confused.

"You are..."

"I am Li..." Before Li Fan could finish his answer,

The female cultivator seemed to suddenly remember something, her face showing a look of horror.

She let out a scream, forgetting to get up, instead using her hands to prop herself up and continuously moving backward.

At the same time, she kept saying, "Don't come near me!"

Li Fan's face darkened, immediately swallowing the words he was about to say.

With a solemn expression, infused with a hint of spiritual energy, his voice thundered like a bolt of lightning as he coldly said, "Fellow Daoist, please calm down!"

Strangely enough, it seemed like Li Fan's angry shout had subdued her.

The female cultivator indeed stopped moving and stood still in place.

However, the expression on her face became even more frightened.

"It seems she is not someone with a high cultivation," Li Fan judged in his mind.

Trying to put on a gentle expression, Li Fan softly asked, "May I know how I should address you? And why were you captured by that Old Fisherman?"

The female cultivator revealed a face uglier than crying, her expression extremely reluctant.

However, her mouth opened, saying, "My name is Lu Xuejing. I had heard rumors about the Old Fisherman before and was very interested in it."

"Not long ago, I heard that he appeared near Tianyu Province. Recently, my mother has been very busy with official duties, so she rarely pays attention to me."

"So, I quietly slipped out and found the Old Fisherman."

"I happened to see a cultivator exchange a broken iron piece for a cultivation technique."

"I was interested and wanted to try it out."

"Who knew that this old man would ignore me. I was so angry that I cursed at him."

"And then..."

"Everything went black as if I were locked in a small, dark place."

Lu Xuejing's face was extremely aggrieved, tears streaming down her face.

Her body trembled slightly as she sobbed.

But her speech remained very stable.

"When I woke up, I appeared here."

Li Fan noticed Lu Xuejing's peculiar and contradictory behavior.

In his heart, he thought, "I just asked casually, but she's telling me too much."

Suddenly, as if thinking of something, Li Fan's expression couldn't help but become somewhat strange.

"I won't take your stuff for nothing."

"Hmm, it seems I have something very useful to you."

The Old Fisherman's words echoed in his ears. To verify his guess, Li Fan spoke up, "Fellow Daoist, please stand up."

Lu Xuejing heard the sound and indeed stood up.

Li Fan pondered for a moment and then asked, "How old are you now? What realm are you in? And what cultivation technique are you practicing?"

Asking these questions to a stranger was obviously a very rude thing to do.

Just leaving without a word was already quite restrained, and drawing a sword on the spot was even reasonable.

Yet Lu Xuejing still didn't seem to know the meaning of refusal, calmly answering Li Fan's questions.

"I am twenty-three years old this year, in the late Foundation Establishment stage, and am practicing the Dual Qi God Illuminating Heavens Silencing Technique prepared for me by my mother."

Although she answered the questions truthfully, Lu Xuejing's anxious expression became more apparent.

At the same time, she looked at Li Fan, a hint of resentment flashing in her childlike eyes.

The moment Li Fan heard the name of the technique, his heart skipped a beat.

Then he understood, "So, she's a second-generation cultivator who hasn't experienced much of the world. She went out for fun, disrespected the Old Fisherman, and got caught."

"In the end, she was treated as an item and traded to me."

"So, does that mean this second-generation cultivator is now mine?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 329: Chief Formation Master


Thinking of this, Li Fan's eyes showed a strange color.

"Standing on one foot, turn two circles to the left. Then three circles to the right."

To verify, Li Fan ordered coldly again.

If the previous questions were somewhat rude, then Li Fan's current request could be considered quite outrageous.

To make a Foundation Establishment female cultivator whom he met for the first time perform such a bizarre and ridiculous act.

It was impossible for any normal person to agree.

But unexpectedly, Lu Xuejing really followed each step seriously.

However, she stared at Li Fan fiercely, as if flames were burning in her eyes.

She seemed to want to crush Li Fan into pieces.

But Li Fan, being who he was, couldn't possibly be frightened by a fledgling little girl.

He smiled slightly and said to Lu Xuejing, "It seems you still don't understand your current situation."

"Hmm, daring to be disrespectful to the mysterious Old Fisherman... perhaps you really lack some discipline."

"Continue to turn in circles just like now until I tell you to stop."

Li Fan said coldly.

A hint of humiliation flashed in Lu Xuejing's eyes, but her body remained obedient.

She continued to perform the comical circling.

Li Fan didn't pay attention to her for the time being; instead, he pondered the reason for the current situation.

When the Old Fisherman handed Lu Xuejing over to Li Fan earlier, he described her as an "item."

Clearly, in the Old Fisherman's eyes, this inexperienced young girl belonged to him as an item.

Later, after obtaining the Sun Stealing Token, he exchanged it for this "item" and gave it to Li Fan.

As a result, the ownership of this item fell into Li Fan's hands.

As the owner of the item, Li Fan naturally had the power to control everything about it.

Although he didn't know how the Old Fisherman did it, judging from Lu Xuejing's obedience to Li Fan's orders, it had become an established fact.

"The description of her as an item is correct."

"But where does the great use lie?"

A Foundation Establishment female cultivator, no matter how beautiful she may be, to Li Fan who was solely focused on achieving immortality, couldn't be considered very useful.

"I wonder if..."

Thinking of this, Li Fan didn't let Lu Xuejing stop circling and directly asked, "Tell me about your mother's information."

A hint of hope flashed in Lu Xuejing's eyes as she intermittently said, "My mother's name is Lu Xichan, the Chief Formation Master of the Formation Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, with Dao Integration stage cultivation..."

As the girl's words fell into his ears, Li Fan was shaken, and a gleam flashed in his eyes as he looked at Lu Xuejing.

"Chief of the Formation Hall, subworlds need to set up the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation, Five Element Subworlds..."

"Could it be?"

In an instant, Li Fan thought of a possibility.

"I don't know what the Old Fisherman saw from me. But since he has presented this great opportunity to me, it must not be missed."

"If I can probe some information about the Five Element Subworlds, even if I must regress directly, it will be worth it. If I can enter the Five Element Subworlds personally and observe it from the inside, it would be even better."

Li Fan's eyes were bright, and he felt somewhat excited.

However, he wasn't carried away by this stroke of luck. He quickly calmed down.

"An Immortal Sage, and also the Chief Formation Master. Her strength must be unfathomable. Although I have gained control over her daughter now, if I want to directly use this as leverage to seek some benefits, I'm afraid I'd be asking for death."

"I need to plan carefully on what to do next."

After some time passed, seeing the anger in Lu Xuejing's eyes gradually dissipate and return to her tearful, pleading expression, Li Fan slowly formed an idea in his mind.

"Stop!"

He finally shouted.

Lu Xuejing felt relieved and stopped her ridiculous movements.

"Alright, you can go home now," Li Fan said directly.

Lu Xuejing was initially stunned, looking at Li Fan in disbelief.

Then, a hint of ecstasy surged on her face.

Regaining her freedom, she subconsciously wanted to flee from this place, away from Li Fan.

But her ears were filled with demonic whispers.

"Remember, the relationship between us is your most important secret. You cannot reveal even a hint of information to anyone in any way."

"If anyone suspects, even just a bit..."

"Then..."

"You'll kill yourself."

Li Fan's voice was incredibly cold.

Lu Xuejing's body trembled slightly.

"After you go back, don't say anything and act as usual. Wait quietly for my notification."

"If someone asks, just say you were captured by the Old Fisherman and lost consciousness. Later, you were rescued by a stranger, but before you could express your gratitude, the benefactor had disappeared without a trace."

A communication talisman flew to her side.

Li Fan's voice echoed along with it.

"Keep it."

"Alright, you can go now."

Following her master's orders, Lu Xuejing tucked away the communication talisman.

Without looking back, she flew off into the distance toward the horizon.

Li Fan squinted, watching the girl's figure fade into the distance.

"Seeking the skin of a tiger, although extremely dangerous, once successful, rewards immeasurable benefits if successful."

"As long as I'm a bit more careful, paying attention to any issues and retreating immediately if necessary, I can minimize the risks."

"Perhaps, it's not as dangerous as I imagined. The Old Fisherman's methods are strange, and even I, as the party involved, couldn't perceive them."

"If the girl hadn't been so unpleasant and displayed such obvious signs, I wouldn't have thought such bizarre and unreasonable things could happen."

"Wait a moment..."

In an instant, Li Fan seemed to realize something.

"This feeling, seems a bit similar to anomalies?"

In Li Fan's mind, memories of the anomalies from the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, along with the ox pulling the carriage for the Master, resurfaced.

"The Heavenly Calamity Sword is hidden in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, and everyone in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace has transformed into an anomaly."

"Is the owner of the Heavenly Calamity Sword also affected?"

"What exactly happened back then?"

Just as Li Fan was deep in thought, a strange feeling suddenly surged in his heart.

Looking up, he saw Lu Xuejing, who had been flying in the high sky, and had become just a black dot in the distance.

But suddenly, she plummeted straight down like a kite with a broken string.

Breaking many branches, she disappeared from Li Fan's sight.

At the same time, an image suddenly flashed in Li Fan's mind.

Lu Xuejing had an extremely painful expression on her face, with her body contorted as she rolled on the ground.

She was twitching all over.

It was as if she was a mortal without air or a fish out of water.

Struggling in despair.

Watching this scene before him, Li Fan seemed to understand something.

As the owner's item, it could not leave its master without permission.

Although Li Fan had just said it verbally, he hadn't exercised his rights as the owner.

This was because, at that time, he didn't know what privileges he had over his own belongings.

But now, Li Fan had finally felt it firsthand.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 330: Illusionary Dream Manipulation


Li Fan didn't rush to rescue the girl who was being tortured by pain.

Instead, he slowly comprehended the authority belonging to him as the master by sensing everything happening to Lu Xuejing.

"Mmm... I can vaguely sense the scenes around her body. I can even speak directly in her mind, issuing commands."

"In this case, the communication talisman earlier was redundant, and instead leaves a loophole."

"It's better to take it back."

Li Fan, calm and composed, slowly flew to Lu Xuejing's side.

After enduring prolonged agony, her beautiful face had turned as pale as a sheet of paper.

Her entire body seemed as if it had just been fished out of water, drenched in sweat.

Her exquisite figure was faintly visible beneath her wet, transparent clothing.

Li Fan held her trembling body firmly, circulating his spiritual energy within her body.

The other party's body seemed to be completely defenseless against him.

In the blink of an eye, Li Fan completed his exploration.

There were no more secrets left to reveal in Li Fan's eyes.

When Li Fan saw the Foundation Treasure in Lu Xuejing's dantian, he couldn't help but sigh.

A vast, snowy plain.

Many miniature cities and villages were even faintly visible.

A piece of information suddenly appeared in his mind.

"Earthly Treasure: Winter Crystal."

"As expected of a top-tier second generation cultivator of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, being able to establish a foundation at twenty-three years old and possessing an Earthly Treasure that complements both her physique and cultivation technique."

"Her life's starting point is an existence that ordinary cultivators cannot hope to reach even in a lifetime."

"Unfortunately, she's not very bright..."

Li Fan's gaze was ice-cold, devoid of any pity.

Li Fan continued his examination.

"There's only pure spiritual energy inside her body, without any other foreign energies. There are no traces of formations or restrictions..."

"The source of this pain..."

"It's as if it directly modified the body's underlying settings through the origin."

"Without the master, the foundation necessary for sustaining life is lost."

"This kind of means is beyond comprehension."

While he was silently sighing, Lu Xuejing, who had been tormented for a long time, grew weaker and weaker on the brink of death.

She struggled less and less, and her childlike eyes began to lose focus.

"Master... save me," Lu Xuejing's voice suddenly sounded in Li Fan's mind.

It was at this moment, perhaps driven by her survival instinct, that she finally gave in completely to Li Fan.

Li Fan smiled faintly, lightly stroking her head with his right hand.

"Huh!"

Lu Xuejing's body suddenly arched, as if she could finally breathe freely, gasping heavily.

At the same time, perhaps due to the aftermath of the prolonged agony, her body quickly fell again and began convulsing irregularly.

Li Fan never released his hand.

After an unknown amount of time, Lu Xuejing gradually returned to normal.

Her body and mind had reached the limit they could endure, and she fell into a deep sleep.

"Too young and naive. If she goes back like this, even if it's a matter of life and death, she will probably expose flaws."

"Further guidance is needed."

Li Fan looked at Lu Xuejing, who was unconscious with a tinge of redness on her face, withdrew his right hand, and gently pointed towards her forehead.

Cloud Water Illusory Dream Art, unleashed!

With his advancement to the Golden Core stage, there was a qualitative leap in Li Fan's spiritual strength, and the dreams he weaved became increasingly real.

In a cycle of unending dreams, Li Fan, in the role of the master, guided Lu Xuejing to deal with various possible situations upon her return.

In these dreams woven primarily from Lu Xuejing's memories, Li Fan also gained a rough understanding of her mother, Lu Xichan.

She was extremely dominant, with a strong desire for control.

She had long set the path of cultivation for Lu Xuejing.

She was busy with official duties, so her main body couldn't accompany her child at all times.

Often, she only left behind a clone to oversee.

She was unyielding, showing no emotional communication with the child.

"If I hadn't intervened, the child would have almost been ruined," Li Fan sighed to himself.

...

When the sun set again, Lu Xuejing finally woke up from the endless dreams.

The confusion in her eyes gradually dissipated, and the moment she saw Li Fan, she instinctively called out, "Master..."

But soon, she realized something was wrong.

A hint of panic flashed in her eyes, but her body had already acted instinctively.

Combined with the recent pain akin to being in purgatory still fresh in her mind, Lu Xuejing couldn't muster the courage to resist.

She hesitated for a moment, then flipped over and gracefully knelt down to Li Fan, touching her forehead to the ground.

Without Li Fan's command, she didn't dare to move.

"You may go, patiently cultivate and await my orders," Li Fan finally spoke after a long time.

"I understand, Master." Lu Xuejing bowed her head again.

Then she got up and flew away, showing no signs of panic in her movements, and her face regained its previous proud expression.

"With Lu Xuejing's cooperation, my chances of entering the Five Element Subworlds have increased significantly. Whether I can succeed depends on how things develop."

"However, preparations still need to be made."

Watching Lu Xuejing disappear, after a moment, Li Fan's body also turned into streaks of light and returned to Tianyu City.

Before cultivating, Li Fan searched for information about Guan Xingxiu, the commander of the Tianyu Province Garrison Courtyard.

When Ji Hongdao uncharacteristically let him leave earlier, he had said not to worry about any accidents happening.

At that time, Li Fan had a premonition that the commander's fate might not be good.

At first glance, it was true.

First, he was dismissed and investigated.

Then, a conclusion was quickly reached: he was stripped of a major realm of cultivation and exiled to the remote Lanlin Province in the south.

The punishment was severe.

In addition to Guan Xingxiu, two other commanders were also severely punished.

Although it wasn't as cruel as stripping away cultivation, they were also transferred from their positions and had no chance of becoming the overall Chief Commander of the Garrison Courtyard.

"This is an aggressive method to inform those below that the determination to build the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation is firm."

"Whether you're wrongly accused or the person behind the conspiracy, as long as you're involved in this matter, you'll be severely punished."

"For the sake of contending for the position of Chief Commander, using some conspiracies is acceptable."

"But hindering the progress of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation construction is not acceptable."

"..."

"With the unexpected withdrawal of the three candidates, the next inheritor of the position of Chief Commander has been basically determined."

"He was originally the least favored, didn't even take the election seriously before, and could be said to have won without a fight..."

"From Tianyun Province, Lu Junyi."

"Tianyun Province..."

Thinking of He Zhenghao, who was currently working in the Tianyun Province Garrison Courtyard, it seemed that one person's success could lift others to heaven.

Li Fan wondered if He Zhenghao would gain anything from this.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 331: Changes in Heaven and Earth


After some thought, Li Fan didn't directly ask He Zhenghao.

Instead, he sent a message to Daoist Jingxuan.

As He Zhenghao's immediate superior, Daoist Jingxuan held a higher position.

If Lu Junyi were promoted to become the Chief Commander, he would benefit greatly.

Daoist Jingxuan didn't respond immediately, and Li Fan didn't urge him either.

Next, he checked on the matter of the bounty offered for life-extending treasures rewarded by Immortal Sage Jicheng.

There were only eight months left until the three-year deadline.

According to rumors, apart from the clear winner, the Longevity Fruit which could extend life by five hundred years, competition was fierce.

It had reached the point where professional cultivators were asked to identify the exact time of the life extension, down to the month.

"My Longevity Fruit only extends life by three hundred years..." Li Fan sighed inwardly.

The opportunity to use the Technique Derivation Jade was too tempting, and the competition was beyond imagination.

"It's a bit of a stretch to succeed. But finding another life-extending treasure is impossible now."

"I can only rely on fate."

Closing the information from the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan suppressed his distractions, settled his mind, and began his intense cultivation.

However, shortly after he entered seclusion, Li Fan's progress was unexpectedly interrupted by a surge of feedback in his cultivation.

Though not as abundant as when He Zhenghao and Su Xiaomei broke through to the Golden Core stage, it was still a pleasant surprise for Li Fan, greatly accelerating his progress to the mid Golden Core stage.

"What's this..."

After sensing it for a moment, Li Fan was somewhat surprised.

"Xue Mu?"

"He actually gained something from his visit to the Mortal Transcendence Wall?"

"Judging from the quantity of his cultivation feedback, he's at least a Three Law Golden Core?"

"Interesting. The Mortal Transcendence Wall is indeed well-deserving of its reputation. It seems worth taking a look after dealing with the current matters."

While Li Fan was silently pondering, Xue Mu's ecstatic message arrived.

"Haha, fellow Daoist Li Fan, I've done it!"

"I really have to thank you. If it weren't for the miraculous spectacle you recommended, how could I have achieved the Three Law Golden Core?"

"I'll never forget your kindness, fellow Daoist!"

...

Li Fan smiled faintly without responding.

"Your diligent cultivation is the best repayment to me."

Li Fan said to himself inwardly.

Putting away the communication talisman, Li Fan resumed his cultivation.

Unexpectedly, just over two months later, he was once again disturbed by a powerful surge of cultivation feedback, forcing him to stop his cultivation.

This surge of feedback was several times greater than what Xue Mu had brought.

Clearly, this person had a deeper connection with Li Fan.

"This is... Xiao Heng?"

"Has he broken through to the mid Golden Core stage?"

Feeling the connection faintly, Li Fan was somewhat surprised.

"He should be in Shilin Province right now. It's a pity it's too far to use the Formless Killing Intent to check."

"To break through again so quickly, he must have encountered some opportunity."

With another boost, the difficulty of advancing was reduced once more.

"It seems that achieving perfection stage Golden Core before the deadline shouldn't be a problem."

"I just don't know if there will be any trouble with the minor realm's bottleneck."

With a hint of excitement, Li Fan immersed himself in cultivation once more.

However, what happened in the following months, despite bringing Li Fan abundant gains, unexpectedly stirred up a sense of unease in his heart.

Because apart from Xue Mu and Xiao Heng...

In the past half year, apart from Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo, who disappeared in the Chao Yuan Sect ruins, He Zhenghao, the Yin sisters, and even Zhang Haobo and Su Changyu all broke through successively.

Su Changyu intended to cultivate using the method of "Self Foundation."

The amount of cultivation he returned this time was far from that of a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

Could it be that he somehow succeeded in "Self Foundation"?

Master Yin dissected hundreds of his own bodies but only succeeded partially.

When did Su Changyu's aptitude become so good?

What's more, what Li Fan was more concerned about was...

If one or two cultivators broke through simultaneously, it could be explained by coincidence.

But the large-scale occurrence of cultivators breaking through realms in such a short time period made Li Fan suspect that something inexplicable was happening.

To verify his guess, Li Fan couldn't care less about cultivation.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, he began to poke around and search for information.

Using "breakthrough" as a keyword, Li Fan found that in the past year, the information that appeared was indeed much denser than before.

There were signs of an outburst.

In the excited words of the cultivators, Li Fan learned that when they broke through this time, the vast majority of them were fortunate enough to not encounter the bottleneck of Heavenly Tribulation.

After their cultivation level was full, they naturally ascended successfully.

And this phenomenon is not isolated.

Even many cultivators who had been trapped in bottlenecks for many years broke through realms inexplicably.

"Cultivation seems to have become easier."

Many cultivators said so.

Because there were too many low-level cultivators, many cultivators had not yet broken through.

Thus, the vast majority of people just regarded their words as showing off after a successful breakthrough.

They did not take it seriously.

But Li Fan didn't think so.

"Could it be that the eagerness of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to build the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation has something to do with this matter?"

Li Fan couldn't help but link these two things together.

The number of cultivators could not be too many or too few.

Through the task of hunting the red-haired beasts on the island before, Li Fan understood that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance deliberately controlled the number of cultivators under its command.

The rush to build the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation meant that something that could influence, or even subvert, the rule of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was about to happen.

In order to maintain their stability, they had to take such extreme measures.

"Heaven and earth are experiencing strange changes, and the number of cultivators is about to go out of control?"

Li Fan squinted his eyes.

If the speculation was true, then it could be foreseen that in the near future, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association would definitely start to drastically reduce the number of cultivators through various means.

A plain massacre was probably impossible.

It could be another war.

Or it could be...

As if thinking of something, Li Fan's heart suddenly felt cold.

He stood up straight, as if in a harsh winter.

In the propaganda of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the establishment of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was to expose the spies lurking from the Five Elders Association.

The actual effect of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation had been fully verified in the Jiushan Province.

Cultivators had great trust in its miraculous effects.

And when the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was completed, with the appearance of those pillars of light that penetrated the heavens and earth, all spies would have nowhere to hide.

But...

The formation core of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation was the Tianxuan Mirror that had consciousness.

What if the Tianxuan Mirror intentionally marked pure Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators as Five Elders Association cultivators?

Under the cover of the pillars of light, would other cultivators believe that you were innocent?

The more Li Fan thought about it, the colder his heart became.

A plain massacre might be imminent.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 332: Leader of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance


Four years ago, on the 24th year.

When Zhang Zhiliang was explaining the matter of the Tianyu Province's formation training, he mentioned that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance planned to cover every inch of territory within its domain with the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation within thirty years.

In other words, as early as that time, had the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance already sensed the impending changes in heaven and earth?

From his few encounters with the top experts in this world, Li Fan didn't think it was an exaggeration.

"The ducks are the first to know when the spring river flows warm. Those who have reached the Dao Integration realm and even the Longevity Immortal realm have already have the strength to contend with the heavens and earth. It's normal for them to sense the changes in heaven and earth early."

"The policy has been set, but not everyone can understand the deeper meaning behind it."

"Most think it as just an unusual infrastructure task. That's why, for the position of the Chief Commander of the Garrison Courtyard, they used Tantai Tao and the others as pawns in their conspiracies."

"However, they clearly underestimated the importance of the widespread dissemination of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation."

"As a result, they brought disaster upon themselves. The position of commander of the Garrison Courtyards in the Tianyu, Tianchen, Tianshu, and Tianquan provinces is not low. Still, they do not understand the true meaning behind the policy."

"So, who exactly is the policy maker of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?"

From what Li Fan currently knew about the several departments of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, such as the Government Hall, the Martial Hall, the Formation Hall, the Heavenly Secrets Hall, and the Garrison Courtyard, they all had their own responsibilities.

They were the specific executors of policies.

As for the mysterious and transcendent Law Enforcement Hall, they were only responsible for maintaining the integrity of the techniques.

Who represented the true will of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?

Who decided the fate of countless cultivators in a turn of a thought?

Was it the Immortal Ancestor?

Li Fan had consulted countless secret documents and knew that now, whether it was the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance or the Five Elders Association, it was a recognized fact that the whereabouts of the Immortal Ancestor were elusive and he had long ceased to care about worldly affairs.

This was not something that needed to be avoided. A quick check would reveal it.

So, besides the Immortal Ancestor, did the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance have another Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign?

If it was only Dao Integration realm cultivator, how could they convince everyone?

Li Fan also thought of the mysterious and unpredictable Heavenly Doctor.

His strength was above the Dao Integration realm.

But he seemed to travel outside the system of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Otherwise, there was no need to issue a bounty mission for the "Cloud Water Map".

Why not just issue a decree?

"Outside of the public eye, there must be a group of unknown people. They are the true leaders of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"Even..."

Li Fan frowned slightly, a somewhat absurd thought suddenly emerging in his mind.

He had always subconsciously believed that the Tianxuan Mirror was just an extremely powerful spiritual treasure.

Although it had its own mind, it was just an item.

It was an item that served the masses of cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

This was the consensus of almost all cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

But...

What if the true leader of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was actually the Tianxuan Mirror?

The thought startled even Li Fan himself.

But on careful consideration, it might not be impossible.

At the level reached by the Tianxuan Mirror, there was no clear boundary between objects and people.

Li Fan believed that creating a body to move around for the Tianxuan Mirror was definitely not a difficult task.

Furthermore, during the Spirit Mist Grass incident, just as the situation was about to get out of control, the Tianxuan Mirror timely issued an announcement to settle the disturbance.

This may not have been the order of other cultivators, but its own decision.

"Tianxuan Mirror..."

At this point, in the space where Li Fan was cultivating within the Tianxuan Mirror, he suddenly felt somewhat uncomfortable.

Even this spacious private space seemed to have inexplicably become dim and oppressive.

Shaking his head inwardly, he suppressed the thoughts in his mind.

Assessing the Tianxuan Mirror space, Li Fan's eyes flickered.

"Even if my speculation is true, as long as I don't show any obvious abnormalities, the Tianxuan Mirror may not notice me."

"After all, there are too many cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and I am just a small Golden Core cultivator."

"It's also possible that I am just scaring myself."

Taking a deep breath, he slowly forced down such thoughts.

"Anyways, with the current upheaval in the world, cultivation has become much easier, which will be beneficial to me in the short term."

"It's the perfect time to take advantage of this opportunity and make a breakthrough to the mid-Golden Core stage in one go."

The Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra slowly circulated, crushing all distractions.

Li Fan became calm again and immersed himself in cultivation.

In the remaining months of the 28th year, Li Fan not only made rapid progress in his own cultivation, but also received continuous feedback, indicating that everyone's realm was rapidly improving.

Even the young man named Han Wuyou from Dali had already entered the Foundation Establishment stage, providing a steady stream of assistance.

With the support of various factors, Li Fan successfully cultivated to the end of early stage Golden Core by the end of year 28.

As other cultivators had said, the bottlenecks between each realm had all become as fragile as paper.

With a surge of spiritual energy, Li Fan successfully entered the mid-Golden Core stage.

"Successful breakthrough, so now I can start making my clone."

This clone was still meant to be used as a cover-up.

Li Fan even planned to send the clone to Yuandao Province in the 29th year to find out what had happened during the missing ten years.

Furthermore, he would experience being both inside and outside Yuandao Province.

Li Fan naturally didn't need to spend much effort on this destined cannon fodder.

Li Fan left Tianyu City again, flew in a random direction for more than ten days, and found a remote area.

Just like before, he dug out a secret room and sealed the entrance.

"There shouldn't be such a big disturbance this time. I hoped I won't be unlucky and be found again."

Li Fan muttered softly and began to refine the clone.

Beginning with the Heaven Crystal Spirit Sand, he skillfully added the materials into the flesh and blood of the clone one by one.

He also added a medium-grade Human Treasure, the Furious Flying Butterfly, as the Foundation Treasure.

He then threw in a Golden Core Fragment containing insights into the Law of Water for core formation.

The Furious Flying Butterfly was previously purchased at the Wanfa Chamber of Commerce in Jiushan Province for the Immortal Revival Organization.

The buyer, Fan Lin, had disappeared from the world along with the Cong Yun Sea.

There was no need to worry about tracing.

As for the Golden Core Fragment...

There were countless cultivators in the world who formed pills with water-based laws, and it was impossible to trace them.

All preparations were complete.

Li Fan concentrated his mind and began to condense the clone.

Seven days later.

"Slash!"

Li Fan used his fingers as a sword to sever the fate of the clone from its surroundings.

A trace of vitality emanated from the clone.

A brand new clone, with the strength of the early Golden Core stage, was born.

"Let's call you Xiao Fan!"

After dressing him, Li Fan looked at the clone for a few moments and said with satisfaction.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Translator’s Note


Hey everybody,

Thank you all very much for your generous support these past few months; I hope you have all enjoyed My Longevity Simulation as much as I have, and I'm very grateful for the unbelievably positive reception. Unfortunately, I've lost all the motivation I had when I first began, and translation has become a chore for me. Because of this, it no longer really made sense for me to continue translating, as this was always a passion project and was never really a good use of my time financially. As such, I've decided to stop translating. If you want to continue reading, there are two MTL versions on webnovel I'll link below as well as my raw source (note the chapter number might be off by 1-2). Thanks again for everything!

MTL 1: /book/my-simulated-road-to-immortality_28103276400644005

MTL 2 (ChatGPT): /book/my-longevity-simulation_28050609508559105

Raws: /book/13910/

***

Admin Note: The above mentioned MTL's are collected in the MTL section - https://ranobes.top/mtl-reader/1206224/index/

Also, the novel began to be translated into " under the name - My Simulated Road to Immortality

Spoiler

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 333: Heaven Feather Pill


Admin Note: Starting from this chapter, the translation is from "UnToldChapters".

***

The appearance of the avatar Xiao Fan was completely different from the ordinary appearance of the avatar Lin Fan.

Li Fan deliberately crafted him to be eight feet tall, with sword-like eyebrows, fair skin, and exceptionally handsome.

“The more eye-catching, the better. Go claim the reward from Immortal Sage Jicheng, then lead everyone’s attention to Yuan Dao Province.”

“Let’s see if the monster looming over Yuan Dao Province is truly undetectable.”

The avatar Xiao Fan smiled and nodded.

Transforming into a blue light, he left the secret room.

Li Fan didn’t leave immediately.

Instead, he stayed in place for more than a month, until the time reached the 29th year anchor point, before leisurely returning to Tian Yu Province.During this time, the avatar only did one thing: obtain a legitimate identity within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

After cultivating to the Golden Core stage, it wasn’t as easy as before to simply find someone for a referral to join the alliance.

After all, cultivation was arduous, and reaching the Foundation Establishment stage as a rogue cultivator was already extremely difficult.

Rogue cultivators reaching the Golden Core stage were rarely seen.

Although it wasn’t as rigorous as joining the established system, there were still inquiries and some test missions required.

Fortunately, Li Fan had already investigated the process in advance.

Although there were some twists and turns, he ultimately successfully joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

He also happened to meet Zhou Luo, the town guardian of Ju Yu City in Tian Yu Province.

Zhou Luo was a late-stage Nascent Soul, but because the avatar Xiao Fan was young and still a rogue cultivator, having reached the Golden Core stage, he was relatively polite towards the avatar.

After exchanging communication talismans, the avatar then used a teleportation array to first arrive at Tian Yu City for transit.

Then he headed straight to Tian Quan Province.

The location for participating in the reward for Immortal Sage Jicheng was there.

As the name implied, Tian Quan Province had a close connection with the word “authority.”

Many high-ranking cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would set up industries and construct subworlds in this province.

Their relatives and subordinates often followed suit.

Therefore, the land prices in Tian Quan Province were skyrocketing, making every inch of land extremely valuable.

Unlike other provinces with vast wilderness, here in Tian Quan Province, as far as the eye could see, the vast province was covered with one private array after another, indicating habitation.

Those who could reside within Tian Quan City were the elites among the elites.

The Heavenly Extreme Court of Immortal Sage Jicheng was located in the heart of Tian Quan City.

Li Fan’s avatar stepped out of the teleportation array and quickly learned the location of the Heavenly Extreme Court.

At the entrance, two cultivators dressed in gray robes stood on either side of the door.

Surprisingly, both of them were Nascent Soul stage cultivators.

They had stern faces, exuding an aura that warned outsiders to stay away.

Upon hearing that Li Fan came to participate in the reward and possessed the Longevity Treasure, he immediately put on another extremely enthusiastic expression.

A glint of light swept across the door, confirming the avatar’s identity.

One of them immediately greeted, “So you’re Daoist Xiao Fan, please come in this way.”

Then, they led Li Fan into the Heavenly Extreme Court.

After several twists and turns, they arrived at a hall.

Inside, many cultivators had gathered, all focusing their gaze on a mirror hanging in the center of the hall.

Li Fan looked over and saw rows of names of cultivators and the Longevity treasures they offered written on it.

Amidst the discussions among the cultivators, Li Fan learned the reason.

It turned out that the commotion caused by this reward was too great. Besides attracting numerous cultivators to offer treasures, it also aroused dissatisfaction among some people.

They believed that the opportunity to use the Pearl of Derivation was the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s reward for Immortal Sage Jicheng’s hard work and achievements, a symbol of honor.

But now, Immortal Sage Jicheng, in order to save his life, actually chose to hand over this glory to others.

This was a blasphemy against the honor of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance!

Anyone with discerning eyes could see that this rhetoric was deliberately provocative.

Despite holding a high position as the commander of the Defense Hall for over five hundred years, Immortal Sage Jicheng inevitably accumulated many enemies.

Now that he was seriously injured and had resigned from his position as the commander, his lifespan was also nearing its end.

Those enemies naturally wanted to cause some trouble.

Although for the sake of the overall situation and the face of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, they wouldn’t openly start a fight.

But openly or secretly, they could still make things difficult for Immortal Sage Jicheng.

As a result, all sorts of rumors emerged almost overnight.

All stood on the side of righteousness, accusing Immortal Sage Jicheng.

The disturbance grew so large that eventually, rumors even spread outside, saying that due to pressure, Immortal Sage Jicheng had already internally designated the usage quotas of the three Pearl of Derivations to the juniors of other Immortal Sages in order to pacify the situation.

Many cultivators felt disillusioned with offering up their Longevity treasures, feeling like they were just dressing for someone else’s wedding.

Although the rumors were likely false, when they spread too much, some people would believe them.

Many cultivators started to have second thoughts.

At this moment, Immortal Sage Jicheng, who had been silent throughout the situation, finally spoke.

“The so-called internal designation is purely fictitious.”

“For fairness and justice, to gain people’s trust. The selection of Longevity treasures this time is not participated by the Heavenly Extreme Court, but displayed publicly through the Tianxuan Mirror to avoid any possibility of manipulation.”

Hearing that the Tianxuan Mirror directly assessed and ranked the treasures, the cultivators all calmed down.

Naturally, the Tianxuan Mirror would not be fake.

Immortal Sage Jicheng then made another promise. Even if the participating cultivators offering treasures didn’t make it to the top three,

he would still reward them at twice the market price.

With the personal promise of this old Immortal Sage, the cultivators participating in the reward finally increased again.

Seeing that the three-year deadline for the reward was approaching its end, they didn’t leave after offering up their Longevity treasures.

Instead, they stayed in the hall, keeping an eye on the rankings displayed on the Tianxuan Mirror.

Li Fan also looked at the rankings on the list. He couldn’t clearly see the name of the first cultivator, but he already knew the name of the treasure: Longevity Fruit, extending life for 500 years.

And the second place was far behind.

“Wan Yu, Green Wood Longevity Pill. It can extend life for 286 years.”

Seeing this, Li Fan couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief.

“I didn’t expect my Longevity Fruit to rank second. It’s truly lucky.”

As Li Fan continued to look down the list, he saw various Longevity treasures that he had never heard of before.

“Immortal Sage Jicheng has consumed too many Longevity treasures. Only these almost unique and difficult-to-replicate treasures are effective.”

Just as he was lost in thought,

Another cultivator entered the hall.

He paid no attention to the surrounding cultivators, walked straight to the center under the Tianxuan Mirror,

and took out a purple wooden box, slowly opening it.

“I have a Heaven Feather Pill, which can extend life for 800 years, offered to Immortal Sage Jicheng!”

Although his voice was soft, it sounded like thunder in everyone’s ears, causing them to stand up in surprise and scrutinize the newcomer.

Li Fan couldn’t help but also cast his gaze on the newcomer.

“Heaven Feather Pill? From Yuan Dao Province?”

“Wait, this person… seems a bit familiar.”

In an instant, Li Fan recognized the identity of this cultivator.

He was Han Yi, who, at the end of Year 16, won the first prize in the Cong Yun Sea, with an impressive contribution of 1.56 million.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 334: Three Giants Meet the Immortal Ancestor


“Is it him?” The proud face of the cultivator in front of Li Fan overlapped with the image of the youth who seemed crazy in his memory.

Li Fan was somewhat stunned.

“He’s actually alive? Not only did he evade the calamity of Ink Death Annihilation, but it seems he also had another encounter in Yuan Dao Province?”

“This kind of fortune…”

Li Fan suddenly became interested in this Han Yi.

Upon closer inspection, he was completely different from the image of ragged clothes and messy hair from before.

The present Han Yi wore a purple-golden robe, with a faint radiance circulating on it, obviously not ordinary.

On his left hand, he wore a green jade finger ring, besides its storage function, it also showed traces of formation fluctuations.

At first glance, he exuded an extraordinary aura, either rich or noble.

His own cultivation was also remarkable.Thirteen years ago, he hadn’t broken through to the Foundation Establishment Stage yet.

Now, however, like Li Fan, he had achieved the level of Golden Core cultivation.

“Interesting.” Li Fan’s eyes flickered, a hint of a smile appearing at the corner of his mouth.

Amidst the attention of the crowd, a silver light shone on the Tianxuan Mirror in the center of the hall, reflecting on the purple wooden box in Han Yi’s hand.

After a moment, the purple wooden box disappeared.

And the writing on the Tianxuan Mirror’s list changed slightly.

At the top, it turned out to be “Han Yi, Heaven-Divine Feather Pill. Can extend life by eight hundred and six years.”

The cultivators in the hall immediately erupted into a commotion.

“Is it actually true? Did this kid not talk big?”

“Just a mere Golden Core cultivator, his luck is too good, right? To actually find a treasure that can extend life by eight hundred years? I’m so jealous!”

“Heaven-Divine Feather… Doesn’t this name sound familiar?”

“Isn’t it the cultivation technique of the late Blue Feather Immortal Ancestor from before Yuan Dao Province? It’s said that now within Yuan Dao Province, there’s a fierce competition for this supreme technique, resulting in the demise of many cultivators. I wonder what connection this Heaven-Divine Feather Pill has with the Blue Feather Immortal Ancestor.”

The crowd discussed eagerly, their gazes towards Han Yi filled with various meanings.

Facing the gazes of many cultivators whose cultivation far surpassed his, Han Yi remained calm and composed, his expression unchanged.

He even elegantly bowed to the various cultivators, smiling and saying, “Thank you for your generosity! As expected, the first place in this reward will belong to me.”

With these words, the expressions of the cultivators in the hall turned unpleasant.

However, Han Yi didn’t care at all. He casually took out a folding fan from somewhere and opened it with a swish.

Leisurely fanning himself, he found a place to sit down, waiting for the final result.

Han Yi’s sudden appearance made the atmosphere in the Tianji Court hall considerably heavier.

The fervor of discussion was not as intense as before.

The first two positions were almost determined.

Although the ownership of the third position might change, the attention was evidently not as high as before.

Although the derived techniques from the Pearl of Derivation were extraordinary, the third position could only be derived to the Nascent Soul realm.

Compared to Soul Transformation or even Dao Integration techniques, it was completely incomparable.

After half a day passed, two or three cultivators arrived at the hall one after another.

After glancing at the list on the Tianxuan Mirror, they knew that competing for the top three was hopeless.

However, these cultivators still offered treasures one after another for the double reward promised by the Immortal Sage Jicheng.

When Li Fan felt it was about time, he took out a Longevity Fruit from his storage ring and placed it in front of the Tianxuan Mirror.

A radiance flashed, and the list on the Tianxuan Mirror was updated once again.

“Xiao Fan, Longevity Fruit. Can delay aging by three hundred years.”

Li Fan’s sudden rise to prominence stirred up a bit of commotion in the somewhat suppressed hall.

One cultivator even stood up abruptly, his eyes bloodshot, staring fiercely at Li Fan.

As if Li Fan had an irreconcilable enmity with him.

“Brother Wan! Calm down, calm down!”

It turned out that this person was originally in second place, Wan Yu.

The appearance of Han Yi and Li Fan suddenly pushed him out of the top three, depriving him of the opportunity to use the Pearl of Derivation.

Li Fan’s gaze just lingered on him slightly before completely ignoring him.

Under the gaze of the cultivators, Li Fan slowly walked to a place near Han Yi’s seat and sat down.

Han Yi assessed Li Fan, a hint of brilliance flashing in his eyes.

However, he didn’t say anything at this moment, just bowed to Li Fan with a smile.

Li Fan nodded slightly, then closed his eyes to rest.

After another half a cup of tea’s time, numbers began to countdown on the surface of the Tianxuan Mirror.

The deadline for the reward was approaching.

Just at this last moment, a scholarly figure rushed in.

Stopping under the Tianxuan Mirror, he looked up.

His subsequent reaction was quite interesting; first, he let out a sigh of relief.

Then he shook his head with a very regretful expression.

Scanning the surroundings, his gaze directly locked onto Han Yi.

Following Li Fan’s example, he found a place to sit near Han Yi.

Han Yi couldn’t help but sneer, “Interesting!”

The movement of fanning the fan became somewhat hurried.

The countdown on the Tianxuan Mirror slowly reached zero.

And only the top three positions remained on the mirror’s ranking list.

A blue-robed cultivator suddenly appeared in the hall.

He loudly proclaimed, “Han Yi, Ximen Yue, Xiao Fan, please follow me.”

“The rest of the cultivators stay here; someone will be responsible for verifying and distributing the rewards later.”

Han Yi, upon hearing this, took the lead without hesitation.

When Li Fan stood up, he made a gesture of invitation towards the second-placed Ximen Yue.

After hesitating for a moment, Ximen Yue softly thanked him and followed Han Yi out.

Li Fan, on the other hand, walked behind the three.

Under the envious gazes of the other cultivators, the three of them followed the blue-robed cultivator out of the hall, turning right and heading deeper inside.

Passing through more than a dozen gates, they finally arrived at a courtyard with a large tree.

This big tree seemed to have once been lush, with branches spreading out, almost covering the entire courtyard.

But now, it seemed to have undergone some kind of calamity, with all its leaves fallen off.

Even the trunk of the tree bore yellowish marks.

Beneath the tree stood an old man with white hair.

His body was slightly hunched as he caressed the tree in front of him, which was also on the verge of death.

There was a sense of desolation about him.

“Greetings, Immortal Ancestor!”

Li Fan and the others immediately understood the identity of this old man upon seeing him, and they quickly saluted.

Even Han Yi put away his arrogance and became respectful.

The Immortal Sage Jicheng slowly turned around, looking at the three young individuals with a hint of nostalgia and sadness in his eyes.

“You’ve done well,”

the Immortal Sage Jicheng said slowly, each word deliberate.

“To be honest, the effectiveness of the longevity treasures you’ve handed over far exceeds my original expectations.”

“Thanks to your blessings, I can still stand up and move around for a while.”

“For matters after I’m gone, I need to make some arrangements.”

The Immortal Sage Jicheng spoke slowly, with a hint of deathly aura on his face.

“Does it mean, Immortal Ancestor, that you’ve already consumed all these longevity treasures?”

“But why?”

At this moment, Ximen Yue couldn’t help but ask.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 335: The Beginning of Lifes End


“Why does it seem like it’s not very effective?” Immortal Sage Jicheng smiled as he voiced the question for Ximen Yue.

Ximen Yue quickly bowed apologetically.

However, Immortal Sage Jicheng waved his hand, unconcerned: “The Heaven Feather Pill grants 800 years of life. The Longevity Fruit, 500 years. The Life Extending Fruit, 300 years.”

“These are all extremely rare treasures. Among the countless treasures I’ve seen in my past 3,612 years, the value of these few is definitely remarkable.”

“But now, they’re all cheap for someone like me, who is nearing death.”

Immortal Sage Jicheng somewhat self-mockingly said.

“Together, they can add 1,600 years of life for an ordinary cultivator.”

“But when used on me…”

“Hehe, guess, what’s the effect?”

Immortal Sage Jicheng asked.At this moment, Han Yi, seeing Immortal Sage Jicheng seeming quite approachable, became a bit bolder.

He answered first: “500 years?”

Immortal Sage Jicheng chuckled lightly and shook his head repeatedly.

“200 years?” Ximen Yue guessed.

Immortal Sage Jicheng still shook his head.

“20 years?” Li Fan suddenly spoke up.

The guessed number was a bit outrageous, causing both Han Yi and Ximen Yue to look at him.

“Although your courage is already quite significant, you’ve still overestimated!” Immortal Sage Jicheng laughed heartily, raising a finger with his right hand.

“Ten years.”

“That’s the deadline I can strive for.”

“And this is the result even when considering other cultivators’ offerings of life-extending treasures.”

Immortal Sage Jicheng’s voice was heavy, but he smiled.

However, Li Fan and the others all showed expressions of shock at his words.

“How could this be?” Ximen Yue’s face was full of disbelief. “Could it be that the appraisal effect of the Tianxuan Mirror is also fake?”

Li Fan and Han Yi, too, had extremely serious expressions, looking at Immortal Sage Jicheng, trying to get answers from him.

Immortal Sage Jicheng, however, didn’t answer immediately. Instead, he pointed to the big tree in front of them and asked the three, “Do you know what kind of tree this is?”

After looking at it for a while, both Han Yi and Ximen Yue shook their heads, not recognizing it.

Li Fan, on the other hand, didn’t hesitate to say, “It’s a Qingyun Willow, a common spiritual wood with no value other than ornamental.”

After all, he had been studying the Heavenly Doctor’s Scripture for so long, and it wasn’t in vain.

Immortal Sage Jicheng used his murky gaze to size up Li Fan, seemingly surprised that he could recognize it.

Continuing, he asked, “Do you know how long a Qingyun Willow can live at most?”

Li Fan thought for a moment and said, “A Qingyun Willow tree can live for 800 years, which is already extremely rare. It’s almost impossible for it to exceed a thousand years.”

Immortal Sage Jicheng nodded slowly, “You’re right.”

“This Qingyun Willow was planted by me when I broke through Dao Integration and was designated as the successor to the Commander-in-Chief of the Guard more than nine hundred years ago.”

“That was a time when I was full of ambition and aspirations.”

“I thought death was still far away from me. I could go further and had hopes for longevity.”

Immortal Sage shook his head.

“Truly ignorant and arrogant…”

He sighed, then returned to the topic.

“For over a hundred years, I’ve watched my old companion, who has been with me all the way, nearing death.”

“I’ve tried every method to keep him alive.”

“Green Wood Spirit Liquid, Immortal Soil Cream…”

“I’ve tried every kind of treasure.”

“But it’s just barely pulling him back from the brink of death.”

“Hanging by a thread…”

“At that time, I knew. Death is inevitable for us.”

Immortal Sage Jicheng looked up again at the withered Qingyun Willow.

“I just didn’t expect that the same fate would come to me so quickly.”

After Immortal Sage Jicheng finished speaking, he fell into silence.

Li Fan and the others exchanged glances, not daring to disturb, only standing silently waiting.

After a long time, Immortal Sage Jicheng slowly spoke again, “When the end is near, except for advancing further and completing one’s own overall transformation, all other means can only slightly delay the arrival of death.”

“Not only is the effect greatly reduced, but the more you struggle, the faster other similar means become ineffective.”

“Just like the life-extending treasures you submitted. I have already taken too many similar ones before. That’s why the result went from 1,600 years to ten years.”

“Fate wants you to die at three o’clock, it’s difficult to keep you until five.”

Immortal Sage Jicheng looked up at the sky, a strange expression flickering in his murky eyes.

“However, ten years. For me, it’s also enough.”

The old man’s voice gradually lowered, and Li Fan and the others could no longer hear clearly.

“May I ask, Immortal Sage, does this mean that these life-extending treasures aren’t actually as precious as imagined?” After a long time, Han Yi couldn’t help but ask.

Immortal Sage Jicheng glanced at the three of them and chuckled lowly.

“The younger you are, the more precious they are.”

“The older you are, the more useless they become.”

“Do you understand?”

Upon hearing this, the three of them wore pensive expressions.

“Well, seeing you energetic young people today is a rare occurrence for me to talk a bit more.”

“Now it’s time to give you your rewards.”

Without any visible action from Immortal Sage Jicheng, three jade plaques emitting colorful light suddenly appeared and flew towards Li Fan and the others.

Li Fan received the jade plaque, only to see mysterious patterns carved around it, with the character ‘法’ (law) encircled in the center.

“This is the ‘Observing Law Jade Plaque’. With this token, you can go to the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the Law Enforcement Hall, and apply to use the Pearl of Derivation.” Immortal Sage introduced to the three.

As if remembering something, Immortal Sage Jicheng reminded again, “Remember, each ‘Observing Law Jade Plaque’ only has one application opportunity.”

“After the application is made, you may have to wait a long time before it’s your turn. And, each technique derivation also has a time limit.”

“Don’t be too greedy and miss out.”

“Hehe, back in the day…”

Immortal Sage Jicheng’s voice grew smaller and smaller, until it was barely audible.

At this moment, the blue-robed cultivator who had led them in quietly reappeared beside them.

“Let’s go.”

He transmitted the message.

Li Fan and the others put away the ‘Observing Law Jade Plaque’ and slowly exited the courtyard.

“Young man, let me give you some advice. Your jade plaque can only apply for techniques at the Nascent Soul level. If it’s just used to derive the main techniques of cultivation realms, it’s a bit wasteful.”

“You can try using the Pearl of Derivation to derive techniques with special effects. Even at the Nascent Soul level, it may still be effective.”

Just as Li Fan stepped out of the courtyard, he suddenly heard the voice of Immortal Sage Jicheng.

Li Fan couldn’t help but look back, only to see Immortal Sage Jicheng, as he had seen before, touching the withered Qingyun Willow.

A lonely figure.

Li Fan saw a man, walking towards the end of life.

He bowed respectfully to him and left quietly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 336: Han Yi’s Strong Heavenly Fortune


Chapter 336 Han Yi’s Strong Heavenly Fortune

“Friend Xiao! Friend Xiao!”

Voices calling echoed in Li Fan’s ears, and he paused for a moment, realizing they were calling for him.

On one hand, it was because he was still unfamiliar with the name of his clone.

On the other hand, he was just pondering the advice given by Immortal Sage Jicheng.

Undoubtedly, Immortal Sage Jicheng’s insight far exceeded Li Fan’s current level.

His insightful guidance was indeed worth careful consideration.

Originally, Li Fan intended to derive the “Mountain Meditation Technique” to the Nascent Soul realm using the Pearl of Derivation.

Because the original “Mountain Meditation Technique” was only a Golden Core cultivation method, and now that Li Fan had cultivated to the Golden Core realm, advancing further would render it unable to be cultivated.

However, the characteristics of the “Mountain Meditation Technique” were extremely suitable for Li Fan, and he was reluctant to give it up.But Immortal Sage Jicheng’s words did awaken Li Fan.

For him now, Nascent Soul cultivation methods were truly tasteless but a pity to discard.

Anyway, for a considerable amount of time in the future, the “Mountain Meditation Technique” would still be his main cultivation method.

And he had the ability of 【Truth】to start anew. In this life, he could inquire about the origin of the Heavenly Feather Pill from Han Yi’s mouth, and in the next life, seize the opportunity and replace him.

Then, he would directly derive the Dao Integration version of the “Mountain Meditation Technique.”

“Try to let the Pearl of Derivation derive those techniques with special effects,” Li Fan thought, and several plans flashed through his mind in an instant.

“Specifically, I’ll make plans after seeing the Pearl of Derivation.”

“The only thing that makes people doubtful is why would Immortal Sage Jicheng give me guidance?”

“Is it because a dying person tends to speak kindly, or is it just because I recognized that Qingyun Willow?”

“The ‘Heavenly Doctor’s Scriptures’ clearly state that this kind of willow tree is very common. It is distributed in almost every province. Being able to recognize it shouldn’t be a very special thing.”

For these strong individuals standing at the top of the food chain in the Xuanhuang Realm, Li Fan had always been reluctant to speculate on them with the worst intentions.

“The likelihood of doing good for no reason is very small. Perhaps there was a mistake somewhere…”

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan’s main body suddenly opened his eyes, searching for information about the “Qingyun Willow.”

After a moment, his expression became somewhat strange.

Then, he successively searched for the information about the “Ink Ancient Bamboo,” “Green Wilderness Wood,” “Imperceptible Flower,” “Hundred Spirit Eagle,” “Nine Refinements Deer,” and hundreds of other plants and creatures recorded in the ‘Heavenly Doctor’s Scriptures.’

As a result, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel somewhat amused and bemused.

Originally, whether due to the passage of time or the natural evolution of species, or for some other reason.

In any case, many of the plants and animals that were originally very common according to the “Heavenly Doctor’s Scriptures” have become scarce in today’s era.

Just like the Qingyun Willow planted by Immortal Sage Jicheng, it is now only sparsely distributed in certain areas of Luoyan Province.

And as far as Li Fan knows, Immortal Sage Jicheng is from the rugged land of Luoyan Province.

“Perhaps it is for this reason that Immortal Sage Jicheng took some care of the clone?”

“After all, the older one gets, the more nostalgic they become, which is human nature.”

…

Various thoughts, seemingly complicated, actually only took a moment.

Inside Tianquan City, within the Tianji Palace, Ximen Yuerao looked at Li Fan with interest and then asked, “Friend Xiao seemed a little distracted just now? What were you thinking about?”

Not long ago, after they left the small courtyard where Immortal Sage Jicheng was located, the blue-robed cultivator brought them to this garden, letting them wait here.

Later, someone would come to lead them to the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The garden was not large, but it had flowing streams and artificial hills.

Looking around, the scenery in the garden gradually changed from spring to summer, autumn, and winter.

Growth, lushness, withering, death, the four different scenes appeared in one painting.

Quite miraculous.

Li Fan stood by the stream, looking at the fantastical scene of the interwoven four seasons before him, with his hands behind his back, and slowly said, “I don’t mind telling you both. I was just pondering a question.”

“What?” Ximen Yue paused.

“Where exactly is the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?” Li Fan turned around, his gaze piercing as he stared at Ximen Yue.

“The headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance? Of course, it’s…” Ximen Yue smiled knowingly, about to say something, but suddenly his expression froze, and his words stopped.

“It’s…” His brows furrowed, pondering for a long time, but still couldn’t come up with an answer.

At this moment, Han Yi interjected, “Tianyu, Tianchen, Tianshu, Tianquan, these four states are the core territories of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. It is likely that the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is located at the junction of these four states.”

“Brother Han’s speculation is very reasonable, but…”

Li Fan shook his head, smiling, “I have traveled around Tianyu Province for a while. I also tried to pass through the Elemental Qi Devouring Mist Barrier at the border of the province.”

“It seems that these four states are closely adjacent, and there shouldn’t be anything else in between.”

“Of course, maybe it’s because of my low strength that I can’t recognize it even if we meet.” Li Fan didn’t insist on his words.

Han Yi, upon hearing this, showed a look of surprise: “Oh? Is that so?”

Ximen Yue then said, “Within our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance territory, there are countless subworlds. It is very likely that the headquarters is established in one of the small worlds within these four states.”

Li Fan listened, smiled faintly, neither affirming nor denying it.

In his heart, he thought leisurely, “Everyone knows that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has a headquarters. However, where exactly this headquarters is located, very few people know.”

“It’s truly mysterious. Having the opportunity to find out is indeed fortunate.”

Han Yi snapped open his fan, somewhat disdainful of Li Fan’s preoccupation with this question: “Why bother worrying about it? We’ll know when we go there ourselves later.”

“That’s not necessarily true.” Li Fan thought so in his heart, but nodded with a smile, without arguing.

Instead, he started teasing Han Yi: “Speaking of which, when I found the Longevity Fruit in the Falling Immortal Realm before, I thought I could at least get second place in this Immortal Sage’s reward. I didn’t expect that there are always stronger contenders out there.”

Li Fan shook his head, admiringly looking at Han Yi: “Friend Ximen Yue possessing a Longevity Fruit for five hundred years is already unimaginably precious.”

“I didn’t expect that Friend Han would actually find a treasure that can extend life for eight hundred years, truly…”

Ximen Yue was also curious at this moment, asking on behalf of Li Fan, “Regarding the Heavenly Feather Pill, Friend, where did you find it?”

“Is it related to the Immortal Sage Lan Yu from Source Dao Province?”

Li Fan also stared at Han Yi eagerly, very much looking forward to his answer.

Being looked at with envy by the two people beside him, Han Yi couldn’t help but feel a bit lofty.

With a smirk, he elegantly waved his fan and said, “It’s nothing much. Since the treasure pill has already been handed over, there’s no harm in telling you both now.”

“Have you ever heard of the Blue Feather Treasure Box?”

Han Yi’s voice carried a hint of pride as he slowly asked.

“Blue Feather Treasure Box?” Ximen Yue repeated, his eyes somewhat bewildered.

Li Fan, on the other hand, seemed pensive.

However, he didn’t speak, but instead shook his head, watching Han Yi’s performance.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 337: Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance Headquarters


“Hehe, the Blue Feather Treasure Box, also known as the Blue Feather Legacy.”

“It is said to be the treasure left by the Blue Feather Immortal Lord of the Yuan Dao Province before his fall, stored in various blue boxes. They were scattered across the Yuan Dao Province, left for those with fate.”

“And I, naturally, am one of those fated individuals.”

Han Yi’s face was full of excitement as he recounted to the two.

“You might not believe it if I tell you. At that time, when I just arrived in Yuan Dao Province, I was completely clueless.”

“Suddenly, a blue box fell from the sky and landed in front of me.”

“I thought it was some treasure of another cultivator and was startled. After regaining my composure, no one appeared for a long time.”

“So, I gathered my courage and opened the box.”

“Who would have thought…”

Han Yi seemed to be amazed at his own luck, reminiscing about the experience with endless admiration.“Are you saying… this precious treasure came to you on its own?” Ximen Yue stared, pointing at Han Yi, his finger trembling slightly.

“Hehe, Sima Daoist friend, there’s no need to be so surprised. It’s just stumbling upon a treasure while on the road. Nothing too extraordinary, right?” Han Yi extended his folding fan, moving Ximen Yue’s pointing hand away.

Sighing, he continued, “In my life, there have been ups and downs. I’ve experienced highs and lows. Now, I can look at such things with equanimity.”

Ximen Yue opened his mouth to speak but found himself speechless.

Instead, he turned his head away, no longer looking at Han Yi’s face.

Li Fan suddenly remembered that when Han Yi was caught by the Zhen Fish in the Cong Yun Sea, he heard that all of Han Yi’s family’s belongings were swindled by a Foundation Establishment Grandmaster, leaving him in a pitiful state.

“It seems he’s not naturally lucky. What could have caused his sudden change of fortune?”

“Or is it more than just luck?”

As Li Fan pondered, he added Han Yi to the list of people to observe closely in the next life.

He didn’t show any expression on his face but instead comforted Ximen Yue, “Daoist Ximen, you don’t need to be so disheartened. Obtaining the Longevity Fruit means you also have extraordinary luck!”

“Extending life for five hundred years is also a remarkable treasure.”

“By the way, I wonder where you obtained this Longevity Fruit?” Li Fan asked casually.

“Does it matter?” Ximen Yue seemed somewhat disheartened, very frustrated.

“My Longevity Fruit was a perilous adventure, found in the ruins of Li Ling in the Tian Hua Province. And he? It just fell from the sky!”

“Doesn’t that make you mad?” Ximen Yue was about to say something else.

But a sudden appearance of a black figure made him stop involuntarily.

A black figure, its features obscured, as if shrouded in a veil of darkness.

But the chilling aura emanating from him sent a strong sense of danger to Li Fan.

Han Yi and Ximen Yue’s expressions couldn’t help but become serious in an instant.

The black-clothed figure glanced at Li Fan and the others, then threw a small round mirror into the sky.

The mirror hovered in mid-air, emitting a silver beam of light that enveloped Li Fan and his companions.

It seemed that some characters were flowing along the light.

After a moment, the beam of light disappeared.

The black-clothed person spoke, “Follow me.”

He pointed towards the small mirror in the sky, and the circular boundary of the mirror dispersed like melting ice and snow.

It spread outwards, forming a rectangular gateway in an instant before ceasing its movement.

Silver brilliance circulated on the gateway, with the vague images of numerous buildings and cultivators appearing within.

This scene seemed somewhat familiar.

Li Fan suddenly recalled the scene when he saw the Tianxuan Mirror in the Celestial Pavilion.

Before he could contemplate further, Han Yi had already flown in first.

Li Fan followed closely behind.

There was no dizziness like in long-distance teleportation.

In fact, it wasn’t much different from ordinary flight, and he couldn’t even perceive passing through any gateway.

In an instant, Li Fan had already left the Tianji Court and arrived in an unfamiliar place.

Looking back, the path he had taken had quietly disappeared.

“Is this the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?”

Seeing Han Yi and Ximen Yue bewildered on both sides, Li Fan took a deep breath, calming the shock in his heart.

He carefully observed the scenery before him again.

The first thing that caught his eye was a towering statue of the Transcendent Master of the Transmission Law.

Unlike other statues seen in the cities of the Alliance, this Transcendent Master statue, at first glance, appeared no different from a living person.

Silver hair, skin as smooth as a child’s.

Eyes closed slightly, with deep and compassionate gaze.

The clothes on his body, the tall crown on his head.

Everything looked so real, vivid, and lifelike.

Even from the statue of the Transcendent Master, waves of pressure emanated.

Although not directly targeted, it still felt like a heavy stone pressing on Li Fan’s chest, making it hard for him to breathe.

Upon seeing the Transcendent Master statue for the first time, Li Fan inexplicably felt a great fear.

It almost made him instinctively want to call for Truth and leave this place.

Fortunately, he managed to suppress it with great determination.

It took him a long time to calm down and think rationally.

Li Fan kept reminiscing, pondering where the fear had come from.

It was a spontaneous warning from his body and soul, a pure subconscious reaction.

Although he didn’t understand it, Li Fan chose to trust his intuition.

Slowly, Li Fan seemed to sense something.

But the answer he received was somewhat unbelievable.

Because, when he suddenly saw this lifelike Transcendent Master statue, a sense of familiarity surged within him.

It felt as if he had seen it before, triggering his body’s instinctive warning.

It made him feel as if he were falling into a deep cold, unable to control himself.

“A sense of familiarity?”

“How is that possible?”

“Where did it come from?”

The astonishment on Li Fan’s face was no longer feigned.

He forced himself to overcome his fear and once again observed the Transcendent Master statue, seeking the source of the familiarity.

However…

When he looked again, the towering Transcendent Master statue seemed to be nothing but an illusion, completely disappearing from his sight.

Just as Li Fan became increasingly suspicious, he suddenly heard Han Yi’s admiring voice.

“When the Transcendent Master imparts the law, all beings bow down. What a magnificent scene! Those cultivators who were present at the time were so fortunate!”

Li Fan’s heart stirred.

“The Transcendent Master imparting the law?”

“Could it be that Han Yi and I didn’t see the same scene?”

At this moment, Ximen Yue’s words timely confirmed Li Fan’s judgment.

“With the establishment of the new law, the sky rains black blood, and all things weep together. What a cruel yet beautiful scene…”

“I wish I could have lived ten thousand years earlier to experience it personally.”

And at that moment, the black figure from before appeared beside them, seemingly out of nowhere.

“There’s a trace of the Transcendent Master’s aura lingering in this space. First-time visitors here often have illusions.”

He explained softly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 338: Guardian Black Stone Stele


The black-robed cultivator paused for a moment, sweeping a cold gaze over Li Fan and the others before saying, “Each cultivator’s experiences and state of mind vary, so the illusions they see also differ.”

“Mostly, they are grand scenes related to the former Immortal Sage and the transmission of techniques.”

“However, it’s only like this the first time.”

The tone of the black-robed cultivator carried a hint of regret: “After staying here for a while and getting used to the aura of the Immortal Sage, wanting to see the illusions again becomes a luxury.”

Han Yi and Ximen Yue were still reeling from the impact of the illusions, merely nodding at his words.

Meanwhile, Li Fan remained cautious, still gazing ahead.

While masking his inner fear, he attempted to recall the familiar sensation that had just emerged from nowhere.

The black-robed cultivator observed their reactions without concern.

He didn’t rush but waited patiently.

In his view, the astonishment and shock displayed by these newcomers were entirely normal.As a guide, he was already accustomed to it.

After a while, seeing that the three had gradually shaken off the influence of the illusions, he continued with his duty.

“I’ve been entrusted by the Immortal Sage Jicheng to lead you to the Law Enforcement Hall.”

“Follow closely behind me, and don’t wander.”

“Although those who can enter the headquarters have already undergone identity verification and generally won’t encounter any problems.”

“However, this is the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, a highly confidential area. There are cultivators secretly guarding at all times.”

“If you go where you shouldn’t and are captured and killed, no one will seek justice for you.”

The black-robed cultivator warned in a cold voice.

Li Fan and the others nodded in understanding.

Following behind him, Li Fan took the opportunity to observe the scenery of the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

In the endless void, many towering buildings floated.

Arranged in different directions above the void, they resembled countless stars in the sky.

And their current position was at the very bottom of the entire architectural complex.

Silver rays streaked across the sky above.

Moving between the floating buildings, within the rays, one could faintly see some blurry figures.

Advancing unhurriedly, occasionally encountering cultivators with solemn expressions and hurried steps.

And the floating land underfoot seemed to serve only as an external entrance and checkpoint.

Apart from the vegetation planted along the sides of the road, there weren’t many other buildings set up.

It didn’t take long before they arrived at the edge of the land.

Li Fan noticed that there seemed to be a strange formation engraved on the ground ahead.

Silver threads constantly roamed within the formation, each stepping into it.

They were lifted by a silver light, ascending into different areas above.

Before the transfer formation stood a burly middle-aged cultivator.

This person was dressed in the standard black and yellow robe uniform of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, sharp eyes scrutinizing the passing cultivators.

When it was Li Fan’s turn, the burly cultivator glanced at the black-robed cultivator and nodded slightly in acknowledgment.

However, he still extended his hand to stop them.

The black-robed cultivator paid no mind and took out the circular mirror from before.

A beam of light shot out, landing on the burly cultivator.

Strangely, this beam of light seemed to be absorbed by him, as it disappeared in an instant after landing on him.

Yet in the eyes of the burly cultivator, many characters flashed by in an instant.

He withdrew his hand, no longer obstructing them.

The black-robed cultivator led Li Fan and the others into the transfer formation.

The burly middle-aged cultivator pointed towards the formation.

A silver thread shot out from his finger, entering the ground transfer formation.

After circling around a few times, it grew several times in size.

Then, carrying Li Fan and the others, it flew towards the sky.

In an instant, Li Fan’s body seemed to turn into light, shuttling through this space at an unimaginable speed.

What’s peculiar is that he didn’t feel any discomfort from the speed.

The scenery around them rapidly receded.

In the blink of an eye, the previously floating land had shrunk to the size of a black dot.

The light continued to ascend, passing by one floating land after another.

With keen eyesight, Li Fan faintly saw the silhouette of the emblematic oblique metal cube building of the Formation Hall in a certain area.

Not long after, shadows loomed overhead.

The light carried Li Fan and the others, diving into it.

In the blink of an eye, Li Fan returned to his human form from the light state.

Setting foot on the land again, Li Fan looked ahead and saw a towering black stone stele not far away.

There was only one wide road, straight towards the stone stele.

There weren’t any vegetation or other decorations along the sides of the road.

Compared to the floating lands seen earlier, this place seemed somewhat simple and solemn.

The black-robed cultivator remained silent, leading the way on the straight road.

The surface of the road seemed to be made of some kind of greenish stone. Walking on it, Li Fan was somewhat astonished to find that his spiritual energy suddenly quieted down.

It seemed as if it had lost its vitality, as no matter how Li Fan tried to mobilize it, he couldn’t stir it in the slightest.

As a result, even the early Gold Core stage clone, when walking on this road, became no different from an ordinary person.

Han Yi and Ximen Yue also noticed this.

The three exchanged fearful glances, dared not discuss further, and hurriedly followed the black-robed cultivator who had already gone far ahead.

The tall black stone stele seemed not far away, right at the end of the straight road.

But as Li Fan and the others relied solely on their physical bodies, each step felt like a slow journey, and the road seemed to stretch endlessly.

In Li Fan’s perception, it took almost half a day’s effort before they finally arrived at the end, somewhat exhausted.

During this process, they encountered cultivators leaving from the black stone stele.

However, they seemed unaffected and could still fly low above the straight road.

“It should be a restriction for outsiders. Members of the main branch of the Law Enforcement Hall seem to be able to rely on some kind of secret technique to avoid the suppression of spiritual energy,” Li Fan thought to himself.

Arriving at the foot of the black stone stele, Li Fan keenly felt its towering height.

The towering top was already beyond the range of vision, entirely black like a profound sense of oppression.

What surprised Li Fan was that the entire stele seemed like a single entity.

There was no sign of an entrance or exit.

At this moment, the black-robed cultivator who had led them here spoke up.

“Alright, this is it. Show me your Exquisite Law Jade Tokens.”

Li Fan and the others heard this and quickly took out their Exquisite Law Jade Tokens.

The colorful light on the jade tokens shone on the black stone stele, making the dark surface become colorful.

The halo dispersed, and the solid stone stele seemed to dissolve in these colorful hues.

A colorful passage appeared on the stele.

“You may enter. Without an Exquisite Law Jade Token, I cannot enter the Law Enforcement Hall unauthorized,” the black-robed cultivator said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 339: Finally Seeing Pearl of Derivation


“I will wait for you to come out here.”

“Pearl of Derivation needs to be used in sequence. I don’t know who goes first and who goes last.”

“Anyway, after the technique derivation, we’ll meet here.”

The black-robed cultivator said concisely.

Seeing the passage ahead taking shape, Han Yi simply nodded, responded, and eagerly rushed in.

Li Fan bowed to the black-robed cultivator and then stepped in slowly.

Ximen Yue followed Li Fan’s lead and entered the black stone tablet last.

The black-robed cultivator watched as the colorful light on the stone tablet gradually submerged into blackness again. He remained motionless, becoming like a statue, standing in front of the black stone tablet.

…

“User applying for Pearl of Derivation: Xiao Fan.”“Serial number: 17. Authorization level: Nascent Soul.”

“Please wait patiently here. The estimated remaining waiting time is seven days and six hours.”

A lazy voice gradually returned to Li Fan’s ears.

Looking around, Li Fan found himself in a sealed space.

The space was not spacious, and the decoration was quite simple.

There was only a set of tables and chairs, a few potted plants, and a bookshelf.

On one wall, Li Fan’s application information and the countdown were displayed.

Han Yi and Ximen Yue were nowhere to be seen. Li Fan speculated that each applicant was in their own separate space.

Within this space, spiritual energy remained dormant in the body, unable to be cultivated.

Seven days was not a short time.

With nothing else to do, Li Fan walked to the bookshelf and began to look through the books placed on it.

Unlike jade slips that could be read with spiritual consciousness, these books seemed to be purely paper products, requiring manual flipping.

However, Li Fan was originally a scholar, so reading was not difficult for him.

He took several books and began to read slowly.

《Guide to Using Pearl of Derivation》, 《Ten Principles of Technique Derivation》, 《Distinguishing between Technique Derivation and Cultivation for Cultivators》

…

Time slowly passed as Li Fan immersed himself in reading.

With several books finished, he also gained a rough understanding of Pearl of Derivation that he was about to see.

As a precious treasure of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, located in the Law Enforcement Hall, Pearl of Derivation had the responsibility of creating and deriving new techniques.

Every moment, brand new techniques that had never existed before were derived.

And this process of technique derivation was not to be interrupted.

However, there were different levels of techniques. The difficulty of deriving techniques that integrated Dao and those for foundation establishment naturally couldn’t be compared.

When Pearl of Derivation derives low-level techniques, it operates in a low-energy state and can assist cultivators in deriving techniques.

When Pearl of Derivation derives high-level techniques, cultivators must patiently wait.

Each Pearl of Derivation card allows for different durations of technique derivation based on its level.

For Dao Integration level, it takes about two days, while for Li Fan’s Nascent Soul level card, there’s basically only three hours of usage time.

Cultivators using Pearl of Derivation have two modes to choose from.

One is to only provide the rough attributes and requirements of the technique, allowing Pearl of Derivation to spontaneously derive it.

Although this “creation from nothing” method has no cost, the final product may not meet expectations.

If the set requirements are too high, Pearl of Derivation may exceed the time limit for derivation, resulting in a flawed version of the technique.

The second option is to provide a basic blueprint technique for Pearl of Derivation to derive an advanced technique from.

The advantage of this method is the ability to customize more accurately and obtain the desired technique.

Moreover, the time required for Pearl of Derivation to derive is greatly reduced.

After generating the first version of the technique, if unsatisfied with its effect, Pearl of Derivation can be adjusted until the time is up.

The drawback is that the level of the blueprint technique cannot be lower than the derived technique.

Otherwise, the efficiency of derivation will be greatly reduced, similar to “creation from nothing”.

Techniques derived by individual applications for Pearl of Derivation are directly taught by the user of Pearl of Derivation and are not recorded in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s technique library.

Cultivators have complete autonomy over them.

The blueprint technique also has no restrictions on its source and will not be recorded or reported to the technique library.

…

After carefully reading through the precautions, Li Fan adjusted his original plan.

After a moment, he made a final decision on how to use it in this world.

“However, in these instructions…”

Li Fan’s expression was somewhat strange.

He keenly noticed that when Pearl of Derivation was mentioned in the books, it used pronouns like “she” and “herself”.

“Could it be that the Pearl of Derivation of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is actually a cultivator?”

“That’s somewhat unexpected.”

Li Fan looked at the countdown on the wall.

Three days left.

He began to read other books related to the theories of technique derivation.

Many were insights from some famous technique masters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance after using Pearl of Derivation.

Li Fan had previously spent nearly twenty years integrating techniques and insights to derive the “Illusory Spirit Technique”.

As someone who could barely be considered a half-fledged Weaving Master, at this moment, he found the process quite intriguing and not at all boring.

Time passed quickly.

Soon, the same elevating sound rang out again.

“Cultivator Xiao Fan, it’s almost your turn. Please prepare yourself.”

Li Fan put the book back on the shelf, took a deep breath, and felt a surge of energy.

The countdown on the wall slowly reached zero.

Everything in the space became illusory.

Turning into dots of light, drifting towards a certain direction.

Li Fan floated in the space, slightly stunned.

Looking around, he found himself in a vast void.

In an instant of enlightenment, Li Fan followed the previous dots of light and flew forward.

Before long, he saw a huge sphere composed of countless characters.

Every moment, the characters on the sphere were constantly changing.

Occasionally, the entire set of characters on the sphere would pause for a moment, then emit a dazzling light and disappear.

Then it would begin an endless cycle of changes and derivations.

Beneath this huge sphere, a desk floated in the void.

A loli who looked only five or six years old was lying on the desk.

She looked listless as she watched the characters continuously appearing on the table.

“Is she Pearl of Derivation?”

Li Fan slowly flew closer, but found that after reaching a certain distance, he could no longer approach.

Seeing that the little loli didn’t even notice him, he could only cough lightly.

“May I ask…”

“What kind of technique to derive, what requirements the technique has, whether it’s ‘creation from nothing’ or ‘blueprint creation’.”

“Write it down yourself.”

The little loli didn’t even lift her head, speaking in a childish voice.

Then she clapped her chubby hands on the desk, and after a flash of light, a piece of paper appeared instantly.

The little loli picked up the paper and threw it in front of Li Fan.

Li Fan looked at Pearl of Derivation and felt even more strange, but he didn’t delay. He grabbed the paper, and the thoughts in his mind immediately appeared on the paper in lines of text.

“Blueprint technique ‘Thousand Mechanisms Golden Chapter’, ‘Sun Stealing Token Method’, reference secret art ‘Appearance Changing with Heart’.”

“To derive a technique that can completely transform into the technique of others.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 340: Technique Derivation Divine Achievement


Thousand Mechanisms, Jade Sphere, Golden Chapter, discovered by Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi at the border of Shilin Province in the Hundred Stone Cave of the Tianji Sect. Although it’s only at the Nascent Soul stage, it has the effects of distinguishing Qi movements and understanding cause and effect. Li Fan’s comprehension of the Formless Killing Intent makes the Jade Sphere, Golden Chapter technique indispensable.

Sun Stealing Token Formula, obtained by Li Fan from Sikong Yi, a descendant of the Sun Stealing Sect. Capable of seizing life destinies and creating avatars, living up to the name of the Sun Stealing Sect.

As for the secret technique, Changing Appearance at Will, it comes from the intelligence agent of the Five Elders’ Association, Zhou Qing’ang, stationed at the Tai’an Island. Paired with the extraordinary item, Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart, it can change appearances, even deceive the testing of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s White Jade Questioning Heart Platform.

Qi movements, life destinies, appearances.

Theoretically, when these three are combined, one can completely transform into another cultivator.

Li Fan had considered such a plan before.

However, they are all elusive existences, and with Li Fan’s current theoretical accumulation, even if he were to meditate for hundreds of years, he might not be able to create a new technique based on them.

Now, with the opportunity to utilize the Pearl of Derivation, and considering that soon the Heavenly Sealing Spirit Array will become widespread, cultivators across the world will have no privacy.

For Li Fan, the ability to have another identity at any time is quite important.

Therefore, without hesitation, Li Fan immediately wrote down the contents of the two techniques and one secret technique on a blank sheet of paper.Though it was just one page, as the handwriting continued to fill it, the characters became smaller and smaller.

No matter how much content, it could accommodate it all.

In an instant, Li Fan stopped contemplating, and the blank paper was filled with countless tiny characters.

“Is it done?”

The little girl, still propping her chin with both hands, looked down at the table with lifeless eyes, not even lifting her head as she asked.

“Yes…” Li Fan nodded slightly, but before the word “done” could leave his mouth, the blank paper in his hand turned into streams of light, floating towards the desk where the little girl was leaning.

On the table, numerous characters instantly appeared.

Seeing this, the little girl pouted, somewhat displeased: “You have such high demands, completely transforming into someone else.”

“With the blueprints for changing Qi movements, life destinies, and appearances, what about flesh, consciousness, and soul transformations?”

Hearing this, Li Fan wasn’t embarrassed, just truthfully admitted: “Collecting existing techniques has already been my utmost effort. The methods for flesh, consciousness, and soul transformations are extremely rare and beyond my capabilities.”

“So, can’t you derive them?” Li Fan looked at the little girl and asked.

“Well, it’s doable, but it used to be rare to have a break. It’s really annoying…” The little girl raised her head, glared at Li Fan, and muttered under her breath.

Li Fan’s heart stirred, but he pretended not to hear, his expression unchanged as he earnestly watched Pearl of Derivation’s movements.

Rivers and Mountains of the Five Dynasties

With a clap of her chubby hands on the table, the countless characters on the tabletop instantly flowed like water, flying upside down towards the huge sphere above her head.

Joining the sequence of rapid transformations.

The frequency of character flickering was several times faster than when Li Fan first saw it.

However, the little girl leaning on the table seemed extremely sleepy, nodding off incessantly.

Li Fan pondered silently, not daring to disturb.

Quietly raising his head, he stared at the sphere composed of changing characters above.

This place obviously wasn’t in the real space.

It was more like a world composed purely of consciousness.

Yet Li Fan’s consciousness unquestionably arrived here with his body, interacting with it.

In addition to Pearl of Derivation’s consciousness, Li Fan occasionally felt another gaze sweeping over him in this space.

The owner of the gaze didn’t conceal their presence, the warning in their eyes undisguised.

So Li Fan behaved quite conservatively.

As he remained silent, the little girl became more and more drowsy.

This space fell into complete silence.

Only the constantly changing light from above, reflecting on Li Fan’s face, made his expression somewhat unpredictable.

“Pearl of Derivation…”

Only these three words flashed through his mind, and Li Fan suppressed all other thoughts, silently calculating the passage of time.

Aside from that, he didn’t want anything else.

When the derivation by Pearl of Derivation had passed more than two hours,

A dazzling light burst from the huge sphere above his head.

At the same time, the little girl seemed to wake up from a dream.

Rubbing her eyes, she looked as if she hadn’t fully woken up, weakly saying, “It’s done.”

Countless small characters surged on the table, turning into a blank sheet of paper, reappearing in Li Fan’s hand.

Li Fan squinted his eyes and read it seriously.

“Mysterious Spiritual Transformation.”

“With the mysterious and unpredictable power, replicate all life fluctuations of the target and make corresponding changes.”

“If there is no target, random transformations can also be generated.”

“When targeting a living being for the first time, a small part of the target’s life tissue is required.”

“If there is no target, no materials are needed.”

“Only life traces can be replicated, and it’s impossible to replicate cultivation realm.”

“Only life forms at the Nascent Soul and below cultivation levels can be targeted. After transformation, regardless of the previous cultivation level, the transformed entity will only retain the highest Nascent Soul cultivation.”

Li Fan slowly memorized the technique’s content in his mind, and the characters on the blank paper gradually dissipated.

“Truly worthy of Pearl of Derivation, the effects of this Mysterious Spiritual Transformation technique are even better than I expected. I just don’t know how it will actually perform in practice.” Li Fan became more and more delighted as he read, unable to help but ponder the technique’s content repeatedly.

Although it’s only at the Nascent Soul level, the limitations are only reflected in the selection of transformation targets and the strength restrictions after transformation.

But there’s hardly any discount on the ability of “transformation” itself.

<>

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 341: Kidnapping the Pearl of Derivation


Although the Pearl of Derivation appeared as a little girl, Li Fan did not treat her as a child.

The Pearl of Derivation had existed since the Wasteland Era when the Immortal Sage re-established the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

If his assumptions were correct, the Pearl of Derivation had been working tirelessly for at least five to six thousand years.

This was enough to make Li Fan show her due respect.

The little girl glanced at Li Fan and nodded, “Yes, deriving techniques is very exhausting.”

Suddenly, she widened her eyes and asked, “You still have one-third of an hour left. Will you stay a bit longer or leave now?”

Li Fan, naturally, was very considerate.

“I will leave when my time is up.”

“Being able to spend time with you is an honor for me.”

The little girl immediately showed a very satisfied expression.“Great, I can rest for another third of an hour,” she said with a bit of excitement.

During the remaining time, Li Fan did not just stand idly by.

Under the seemingly nonexistent supervision, Li Fan began to tentatively ask the Pearl of Derivation a few questions.

“Are you a cultivator?”

“A long time ago, I was. But people need rest and can die. Later, the Immortal Sage fused me with the Pearl of Derivation,” the little girl lazily answered, lying on the table, looking indifferent.

“Now I won’t die. I just get tired occasionally.”

“How long have you been deriving techniques without resting?”

“How long? I don’t remember. It’s always been this way. No rest is allowed until all techniques are derived. But I can steal a bit of rest occasionally,” the little girl said helplessly. “I really want to finish early and go out to relax.”

…

Li Fan and the Pearl of Derivation communicated smoothly.

The presence in the dark did not stop Li Fan from asking increasingly bold questions.

Thus, Li Fan gained a preliminary but relatively detailed understanding of this top treasure of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Reluctantly, Li Fan’s allowed time finally ran out.

“Alright, time to say goodbye,” the little girl waved her hand, bidding farewell to Li Fan.

“I hope to see you again,” Li Fan bowed respectfully.

Then he felt the surrounding light dim.

After a moment of darkness.

When he opened his eyes, he had returned outside the black stone monument of the Law Enforcement Hall.

The black-robed cultivator who led them was still waiting.

Ximen Yue was also beside him, meditating, seemingly studying a newly acquired technique.

Han Yi was still nowhere to be seen.

Li Fan did not disturb the two, standing quietly aside.

He recalled the recent encounter with the Pearl of Derivation.

But his mind was blank.

“As expected…” Li Fan understood.

Except for the technique “Mysterious Spiritual Transformation” clearly engraved in his mind, the rest of the memory from leaving the waiting room to appearing outside the black stone monument could not be recalled.

He couldn’t even remember how he obtained the technique or what the Pearl of Derivation looked like.

“The top treasure of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is indeed heavily guarded.”

“This must be a restriction directly acting on the cultivator to prevent those with ulterior motives from spying on the Pearl of Derivation.”

“No wonder, apart from knowing its existence, no one knows any other information.”

“However…”

Li Fan closed his eyes, hiding the emotions in his eyes.

“These restrictions are useless to me.”

“All memories have already been synchronized with my true self.”

In the Tianxuan Mirror in Tianyu City, Li Fan’s true self seemed calm.

But in fact, his mind was constantly replaying the first meeting with the little girl, the Pearl of Derivation.

“Forced labor for thousands of years, to ensure efficiency, even merging a cultivator with a unique treasure, turning her into an immortal laborer.”

“The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is truly wicked and insane.”

“The Pearl of Derivation is too pitiful. I must rescue her.”

From the conversation with the little girl, Li Fan learned that the Pearl of Derivation was her companion treasure.

However, after being discovered by the Immortal Sage, she was transformed using a secret method for maximum utilization.

Her body disappeared, and her consciousness fused with the Pearl of Derivation.

She became an odd existence, both human and treasure.

Immortal but also sleepless, continuously deriving techniques.

Until no more techniques could be derived.

The Immortal Sage once promised her that the day the techniques were exhausted would be her day of rest.

The Pearl of Derivation naively believed that rest meant real rest.

But to Li Fan, the term “rest” was not a kind word.

Publicly and privately, Li Fan was obliged to rescue the Pearl of Derivation.

For other cultivators, stealing the Pearl of Derivation from the heavily guarded headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was an impossible task.

But for Li Fan, now that he had learned her information, it was not impossible.

Li Fan already had a preliminary plan on how to do it.

First, the Pearl of Derivation was guarded by a cultivator.

Based on speculation, the guardian was at least at the Dao Integration stage.

Therefore, the first step in Li Fan’s plan was to cultivate to the Dao Integration stage within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and then become the Pearl of Derivation’s guardian.

Second, develop feelings for the Pearl of Derivation through daily interactions.

Third, when the time is right, activate the Truth, return to the anchor point of one year, and during preservation, choose the third option: the memory of a person closely related to oneself.

Fourth, repeat the actions of the previous life, return to the Pearl of Derivation, and let her inherit the memory of the previous life.

These decades or even centuries of memories would naturally include the process and results of the Pearl of Derivation deriving techniques in the previous life.

With these memories, the Pearl of Derivation would no longer need to derive techniques painstakingly.

When needed, she could just take out the techniques derived in the memory of the previous life.

Using this great gift, deepen the relationship with the Pearl of Derivation.

Fifth, activate the Truth again. Repeat the third and fourth steps.

The repeated reincarnation memories would definitely push the intimacy between Li Fan and the Pearl of Derivation to the highest level.

Li Fan would make the Pearl of Derivation recognize him as her master.

The final step, activate the Truth, choose to preserve one item: the Pearl of Derivation.

According to past experience, unique treasures of the world would not have identical duplicates.

If there was a conflict, the weaker one would disappear, and the stronger one would remain.

With countless cycles of memories, Li Fan’s Pearl of Derivation would undoubtedly be stronger than the one anchored at one year.

So, the final result would be the disappearance of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s Pearl of Derivation.

Li Fan’s Pearl of Derivation would remain.

This was Li Fan’s initial plan to kidnap the Pearl of Derivation.

Although the process would undoubtedly encounter various problems.

For example, becoming a Dao Integration cultivator of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and infiltrating the Pearl of Derivation’s side was currently very far for Li Fan.

Also, the Pearl of Derivation should have some backhand left by the Immortal Sage, making it impossible for her to easily recognize someone else as her master.

But…

In the face of countless reincarnations, these were nothing.

As long as there was a theoretical possibility, for Li Fan, it was a certainty.

The Pearl of Derivation was the foundation of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

And the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was the foundation of the Immortal Sage.

Although the Immortal Sage now lived in seclusion, indifferent to worldly matters,

from the statement “The number of cultivators should not be too many or too few,” it could be seen that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, at least, was a means to maintain a stable number of cultivators for the Immortal Sage.

Li Fan was very curious. If the foundation of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was uprooted,

how would this elusive Immortal Sage react?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 342: Museum of Divine Treasures


“When facing the transmission of the Longevity Realm from the Immortal Sage during my Dao Integration, there should be some resistance, right? I suppose…” Li Fan thought to himself.

Sorting out his thoughts, Li Fan suppressed his wandering thoughts and began cultivating the technique, Mysterious Spiritual Transformation.

“The true spirit of a person is like the flowers of a tree. Thousands of trees, myriad blossoms, forming the extraordinary in the profound.”

“Profound and unpredictable, changing at will.”

…

Li Fan first read through it entirely, then closed his eyes to practice.

Not long after, he opened his eyes, frowning slightly.

When he first read Mysterious Spiritual Transformation, he was attracted by the content of the technique, feeling excited.

However, he only discovered when he began practicing that this technique was somewhat too obscure and difficult to understand.

His feeling was that it was even more difficult than when he first cultivated the Thousand Machine Jade Sphere Gold Chapter.But it was natural to think about it.

For such techniques involving fundamental changes in life essence, if Li Fan could easily cultivate them, he would probably doubt the effectiveness of the technique.

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan took out a “Enlightenment Pill” from his storage ring.

Although it looked plain and unremarkable with its black and white colors, it could rival the accelerated cultivation mode of the Tianxuan Mirror.

This pill was purchased by his clone Lin Fan when he went to the Jiushan Province to buy techniques.

Due to its limited supply, each person could only purchase a limited amount.

He only had six of them on him.

He had been reluctant to use them before, but now it was just the right time to use them.

“The effective duration of one Enlightenment Pill is basically around a month. I hope to get started on Mysterious Spiritual Transformation within six months.”

Li Fan thought to himself and then swallowed the Enlightenment Pill.

Then he entered the enlightened state of the Tianxuan Mirror.

With the two combined, in an instant, Li Fan felt that the inside of the Tianxuan Mirror seemed to brighten up.

With a slight movement of his thoughts, the words he had just read from Mysterious Spiritual Transformation surfaced in his mind.

Every word, every sentence, spontaneously compared and confirmed with similar parts from past secret texts he had read.

This is called making lateral connections.

In just a few breaths of time, the words in Li Fan’s mind, from the original single chapter of True Spirit Transformation, expanded several times over.

Every word and every line was filled with annotations formed from past experiences.

And the unfamiliar terms in the technique were constantly changing beside it.

Li Fan subconsciously pondered and comprehended.

While Li Fan’s true self was like a general sitting in the center of the army, watching the evolution of his comprehension of the technique in his mind.

His thoughts were extraordinarily clear, everything under control.

This made Li Fan unable to help but feel as if he had a brilliant mind, able to calculate everything in the world.

The extremely profound Mysterious Spiritual Transformation

now seemed not so difficult in Li Fan’s eyes.

He even had the energy to contemplate his next plan.

…

While Li Fan’s main body was diligently cultivating, at the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, in front of the black stone tablet of the Law Enforcement Hall.

Han Yi finally came out spiritedly.

“Congratulations, Dao Friend. At a glance, it’s obvious that Han Dao Friend has gained a lot this time!” Li Fan was the first to open his eyes, smiling.

“Haha, well said, well said.” Although Han Yi’s excitement subsided momentarily, the joy on his face couldn’t be concealed.

“But after leaving the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, Dao Friend still needs to be careful. Nowadays, all cultivators in the world know that you possess the Dao Integration technique…” Li Fan kindly reminded.

Han Yi’s expression immediately became solemn upon hearing this.

He clasped his hands towards Li Fan and said, “Dao Friend, rest assured, I naturally understand this principle.”

At this time, the voice of Ximen Yue also sounded: “Being able to say this shows that Dao Friend Xiao Fan is worthy of deep friendship!”

Han Yi also nodded in agreement.

Li Fan just smiled faintly, didn’t respond, but asked, “I wonder what plans the two of you have for the future?”

Ximen Yue scratched his head and said, “I don’t have any long-term plans. Currently, my idea is to stay in Tianquan City and complete the cultivation of my technique first.”

“What about you, Dao Friend Xiao Fan?” He asked back.

Li Fan glanced at Han Yi beside him, smiled, and said, “I heard from Han Dao Friend earlier that he obtained a treasure called the Heavenly Transformation Pill in the Blue Feather Legacy, which made me curious about the Yuandao Province.”

“Now that I have nothing else to do, I plan to try my luck in the Yuandao Province. Maybe I can find something unexpected.”

Ximen Yue couldn’t help but feel surprised: “The Blue Feather Immortal Lord has fallen for so long, I’m afraid all the Blue Feather legacies have already been looted, right?”

“There’s no such thing.” Han Yi couldn’t help but say, “It’s strange to say, even though it’s been eight years since the Immortal Lord’s fall, there are still new Blue Feather treasure boxes appearing in the Yuandao Province from time to time. They don’t seem like someone’s prank. Inside are quite valuable treasures.”

《Invincible From Offering Sacrifices to Ancestor Master》

“So if Dao Friend Xiao Fan really wants to try his luck, there’s no harm in it.”

“There’s such a strange thing?” Ximen Yue rubbed his chin, his face full of puzzlement.

Li Fan smiled and said to Han Yi, “I don’t expect to have such good luck as Han Dao Friend. For me, just finding a Blue Feather treasure box would be a great fortune.”

Han Yi quickly said, “Dao Friend doesn’t need to be modest. In my opinion, your luck is also extraordinary…”

He stopped abruptly halfway through his words, his face somewhat embarrassed.

Li Fan’s heart moved slightly, but he didn’t delve into it.

Instead, he took the initiative to resolve it for him: “What about you, Han Dao Friend?”

After hesitating for a moment, Han Yi still replied, “Although Tianyu Province is good, it’s not where I should stay.”

“I…”

He squinted his eyes, seemingly lost in thought.

After a few breaths, he resolutely replied, “I still want to return to the Yuandao Province.”

Li Fan and Ximen Yue glanced at each other, their faces showing some inexplicable expressions.

But they both maintained tacit understanding and didn’t inquire further.

Ximen Yue looked at Li Fan and Han Yi, jokingly said, “Then the two of you can accompany each other on the way?”

Li Fan nodded slightly, while Han Yi agreed, “Naturally.”

Just as the three of them were chatting, the black-robed cultivator who was leading them finally recovered from his petrified state.

“Alright, since everything has been taken care of, let’s not delay. I’ll take you out now.”

The three of them quickly stopped chatting and followed the black-robed cultivator back the way they came.

As they transformed back into beams of light, shuttling from top to bottom towards the exit,

Sharp-eyed Li Fan saw that there were hundreds of young cultivators gathered on the suspended land under the Law Enforcement Hall for some reason.

Some of them even looked like children in their teens.

Obviously, this group of people were not personnel from the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Li Fan couldn’t help but ask the black-robed cultivator, “Senior, what place is that?”

The black-robed cultivator apparently understood what Li Fan was asking and casually replied, “That’s the Museum of Divine Treasures.”

“Inside are collected historical items of commemorative value.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 343: Unknown Existence


“For example, the remains of the first Dao Integration cultivator to fall in the wars between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders’ Assembly, the remains of Immortal Sage Qinglian.”

“Heh, over the years, the Five Elders’ Assembly has put in a lot of effort to retrieve Immortal Sage Qinglian’s remains.”

“Another example is the ancient Heavenly Sword Sect’s ‘Ceasefire Stele.’ It is said that there were two giant steles in front of the Heavenly Sword Sect. One inscribed with ‘Stop for the Idle,’ and the other with ‘Ceasefire of Destiny.’ Just these two steles were as effective as an impregnable mountain-protecting array, exuding unparalleled might.”

“Unfortunately, the Museum of Divine Treasures only managed to collect the ‘Ceasefire Stele,’ while the ‘Stop for the Idle’ stele is nowhere to be found.”

Hearing this, Li Fan couldn’t help but think of his own ‘Stop for the Idle’ fragment.

He wondered if it was the same as the Heavenly Sword Sect’s ‘Stop for the Idle’ stele.

As Li Fan was lost in thought, the black-robed cultivator’s words forcibly brought his attention back.

“Speaking of the Museum of Divine Treasures, we must mention the remains of the first cultivator infected by the Immortal-Mortal Miasma. You might not know, but these seemingly ordinary remains are highly sought after by many cultivators. Their value is absurdly high. The skull of this cultivator is placed at the center of the Museum of Divine Treasures.”

“When I first saw it, I thought it was the remains of some ancient powerful figure. To my surprise, it was just a poor fellow.”

“I really can’t understand why those people find such things worth collecting.”Talking about the Museum of Divine Treasures seemed to excite the black-robed cultivator, who started to introduce various collections inside to Li Fan and the others.

Han Yi and Ximen Yue were quite interested and listened attentively.

Li Fan, on the other hand, felt a stir in his heart.

“The remains of the first cultivator infected by the Immortal-Mortal Miasma…”

“I still have one of his ribs in my storage ring. It survived when Master Yin self-immolated.”

Li Fan couldn’t help but become interested in the skull placed in the Museum of Divine Treasures.

Taking advantage of a pause in the black-robed cultivator’s speech, Li Fan asked, “Senior, how can one visit the Museum of Divine Treasures like those people we just saw?”

The black-robed cultivator smiled, “The Museum of Divine Treasures is generally not open to outsiders. No amount of contribution points can grant you access. If you want to apply for a visit to broaden your knowledge without any connections, the simplest way is to become a dedicated guide for the Museum of Divine Treasures, just like I did.”

Li Fan was slightly stunned and exchanged glances with Han Yi and Ximen Yue.

“Why does the Museum of Divine Treasures need dedicated guides?” Ximen Yue asked, puzzled.

The black-robed cultivator chuckled, “Why wouldn’t it need guides? Do you think just placing a sign in front of each exhibit would be enough?”

“First, the Museum of Divine Treasures, like the main avenue you walked through in front of the Law Enforcement Hall, has all its spiritual energy in a dormant state. Even divine senses can’t leave the body. All exhibit information is only briefly marked. To know their backstories, a guide is essential.”

“Secondly, do you have any idea how vast the Museum of Divine Treasures is?” The black-robed cultivator laughed softly.

“It houses the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s collection from thousands of years. When I left, the number of exhibits was thirty-eight million, four hundred seventy-five thousand, six hundred eighty-four. Without a guide, an ordinary person visiting would be like looking for a needle in a haystack, unable to find what they want to see. Having a complete, enjoyable visit within the limited time would be a fantasy.”

“Moreover, as you just saw, who are the people visiting the Museum of Divine Treasures? Without guides, how could they understand anything?”

The black-robed cultivator snorted, making his point clear.

Li Fan and the others showed expressions of having learned something new.

After a moment of silence, the black-robed cultivator continued, “Of course, if you join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and increase your merit level to Yanfa Pearl 30, you get a free visit every ten years.”

“However, reaching Yanfa Pearl 30 is incredibly difficult. Even I haven’t reached it.”

Then he looked at Han Yi with a half-smile, “Of course. If you, Han, cultivate well and break through to the Dao Integration stage, you can just report in and visit anytime.”

Han Yi felt a bit embarrassed, “Senior, you jest. Dao Integration is not easy to achieve, even with the technique.”

The black-robed cultivator laughed deeply but said nothing more.

The rest of the journey was silent.

The black-robed cultivator led Li Fan and the others back to the platform where they initially arrived.

“Alright, my task from the Immortal Sage is complete. We will meet again if fate allows,” the black-robed cultivator said coldly.

Li Fan felt a mysterious force envelop him.

It seemed to repel him from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters.

“May I know your name, Senior?” Li Fan asked as he was about to leave.

“I’m just a nobody. As a guide, I’m called Guide Ding Yin. As a lead, I’m Lead Hei. That’s all,” the black-robed cultivator shook his head and did not answer further.

As Lead Hei’s figure gradually disappeared, Li Fan and the others found themselves back in the Four Seasons Garden of the Tianji Court.

The location was exactly the same as before they left for the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters.

“Han Yi, now that you’ve visited the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters, do you know where it is located?” Li Fan asked, smiling at Han Yi.

Han Yi pondered for a moment, then replied, “If I’m not mistaken, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters might be inside the Tianxuan Mirror.”

Ximen Yue disagreed, “I think the Tianxuan Mirror is just a means of transportation.”

“If the headquarters were inside the Tianxuan Mirror…”

“There are so many Tianxuan Mirrors in the world. Does that mean wherever there’s a Tianxuan Mirror, there’s a Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters?”

“In that case, why do Tianyu, Tianchen, Tianshu, Tianquan, and the central region exist?”

Han Yi was speechless, unsure how to refute.

Li Fan thought deeply, finding merit in both arguments, and played the mediator.

After some discussion, the three did not delve further.

They thanked and bid farewell to Immortal Sage Jicheng, then went to the Dao Discussion Building in Tianquan Province, where Han Yi treated them to a grand feast.

As the saying goes, all good things must come to an end.

The three parted ways afterward.

Ximen Yue stayed in Tianquan Province.

Li Fan and Han Yi headed to Yuandao Province together.

Time passed quickly, and half a year later…

In the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan finally mastered the basics of “Mysterious Spiritual Transformation.”

“Now that I haven’t yet refined my clone, let’s see the effect of this divine technique.”

Suppressing his excitement, Li Fan disguised himself and headed outside Tianyu City.

He dug a secret chamber, prepared all the materials, and began the ritual.

After a while…

A mass of flesh exploded.

“Hmm? Why did it fail?”

Li Fan was puzzled.

He tried again.

And failed again.

“?”

Li Fan frowned deeply.

“Wait, could it be…”

“There’s already a clone in the world?”

Li Fan was instantly startled.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 344: Unforgettable Memories


“When was the clone refined?”

Li Fan felt like he had forgotten something extremely important.

His brows furrowed, thoughts racing in his mind.

But try as he might, he couldn’t recall any related memories.

Even scanning the storage in his mind’s Dao Crystal was futile.

“And, my cultivation technique…” Li Fan suddenly realized something, his expression turning grim.

“Immortal Sage Jicheng offered longevity treasures, with the use of the Pearl of Derivation as a reward. ‘The Mystical Transformation of True Spirits’ should have been derived from the Pearl of Derivation.”

“I’ve always been cautious, so the true body wouldn’t have taken such a risk personally. Thus, it should have made a clone to handle this. But…”

“To have absolutely no recollection?”

“Is it once again the method of that venerable who causes forgetfulness?”Li Fan closed his eyes in contemplation, attempting to recollect once more, but to no avail.

“No, that’s not it.”

After a long while, Li Fan opened his eyes, wearing a pensive expression.

“Rather than saying I forgot, it’s more like, the experiences of the clone were completely erased.”

“Events that never happened naturally leave no traces.”

“What could it be?”

The fear of the unknown almost prompted Li Fan to immediately seek Truth, to rid himself of this influence and explore further.

But he restrained himself.

“Regardless, I must record this. After this world’s end, perhaps atop the Disintegration Peak, I might remember what disappeared.”

“However, this method of vanishing from memory inadvertently is truly insidious. To prevent even the possibility of forgetting this in the future, it must be documented in advance.” With this thought, Li Fan prepared to retrieve a blank jade slip from his storage ring to record his forgotten memories.

“Huh? What’s this?” Suddenly, he noticed three jade slips placed in a corner of his storage ring.

“When were these placed there? Why do I have no recollection?” Li Fan blinked in slight confusion, then his heart stirred as he took out the jade slips to examine them one by one.

Strangely, one of the jade slips was completely blank, with no records at all.

While the other two jade slips, one of them had only a single Dao character written on it.

The other jade slip only had the character ‘source’ written on it.

“Source of Dao? Dao of Source? What does it mean?” Li Fan felt the term was very familiar, yet he couldn’t recall where he had encountered it.

As if shrouded in a dark cloud, Li Fan’s mood inevitably grew heavy.

“Thinking about it now is pointless.” After half a day passed, Li Fan finally shook off the influence of this powerful negative emotion.

He meticulously recorded the situation where his clone clearly existed but couldn’t be detected, and even certain memories were forgotten, on the blank jade slip.

Then, he carefully placed the three jade slips back where they were originally.

“Although I can’t remember what happened for now, judging from these three jade slips I prepared as reminders, I must have known about this matter.”

“It’s probably just a miscalculation of the actual impact when the event occurred, causing all these preparations to be futile.”

“If ‘it’ refers to that unknown event, then can’t we deduce that after the event, not only memories related to it will be affected, but all related records will also be unable to be preserved?”

After calming down, Li Fan carefully pondered and vaguely inferred some clues.

“Since I made preparations, it means that its influence didn’t exist from the beginning of Anchor Point 1 year. So, at least after I became Truth, I should be able to understand what happened.”

Thinking of this, Li Fan felt slightly relieved.

“Although it’s quite incredible to realize this for the first time, in this perilous world, I surprisingly feel it’s somewhat natural.” Li Fan shook his head, self-deprecating.

Despite the unexpected turn of events, Li Fan didn’t forget the purpose of leaving the city this time.

To test the effectiveness of the ‘Mystical Transformation of True Spirits’ technique.

With a calm mind, he gradually cleared away the distractions in his mind and began to operate the Mystical Transformation of True Spirits.

A power entirely different from spiritual energy, but seemingly rooted in it, surged from his limbs and spread throughout his body in an instant.

Under the influence of this unpredictable power, Li Fan felt as if countless ants were crawling all over his body, causing unbearable itching and pain.

Enduring the discomfort, Li Fan continued to operate the technique, aiming to achieve his first random transformation after successfully cultivating the technique.

The pain and itchiness kept accumulating.

The heat within his body continued to rise.

Just when Li Fan felt like every bone in his body was about to melt, he suddenly felt his whole body relax.

All the discomfort disappeared in an instant, as if he had exchanged for a brand-new body…

No, he had indeed acquired a new body.

Summoning a water mirror in front of him, Li Fan observed his reflection.

It was a face he had never seen before, and the height, demeanor, and initial impression it gave differed greatly from Li Fan’s true self.

If not for the fact that every movement of the figure in the mirror corresponded to Li Fan’s own, he would find it extremely difficult to believe that it was himself.

With a thought, he operated the technique once again.

Soon after, another face appeared in the secret chamber.

Like a child with a new toy, Li Fan continued to transform incessantly.

With each transformation, the time required grew shorter amidst increasing familiarity.

Eventually, he could complete a transformation almost in the blink of an eye.

“The Mystical Transformation of True Spirits, truly unpredictable and mystical. In my opinion, it’s almost like divine magic!” Li Fan couldn’t help but sigh after the experiment.

Now, he had only just begun to cultivate this miraculous technique.

Thus, the ability to transform was only available with his current Qi Refinement cultivation.

However, he had already grasped all the essentials, and from now on, it was just a matter of accumulating practice over time.

With the proficiency in multitasking granted by the Divine Dao, he believed he could soon elevate the Mystical Transformation of True Spirits to the level matching his own Golden Core cultivation.

Surveying the messy secret chamber, Li Fan used the Grand Five Elements Annihilation Sword to erase all traces.

Then, he quietly returned to Tianyu City.

With a mindset of experimentation, Li Fan began searching for information related to the terms ‘Source of Dao’ and ‘Dao of Source’ in the Tianxuan Mirror.

As expected,

After browsing for a long time, he found nothing suspicious, only ordinary fragments of information.

“It seems I’ll have to set this matter aside for now.” Li Fan felt helpless and had to give up.

“It’s already mid-year in Anchor Point 29. The one-year preparation period for the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Array Popularization Plan has come to an end. It won’t be long before I receive a summons from Ji Hongdao.”

“Following him to set up the spirit lock arrays in the subworlds, I’m afraid I’ll have little freedom for quite some time.”

“However, I have a secret pawn, the daughter of the chief formation master of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Perhaps, in critical moments, she can play a miraculous role.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 345: Demon Lord Changing Faces


Li Fan sensed it again.

“I can enter the Fallen Immortal Realm again now. Since there’s still some time, I should explore it again.”

“But before that, let’s see what major events have occurred in the past six months.”

Having foresight is his advantage. Every valuable piece of information could mean a great opportunity in the next life.

Naturally, Li Fan wouldn’t disregard this. He immediately started searching in the Tianxuan Mirror.

Countless strange occurrences flashed before his eyes.

However, two things caught his attention the most.

Firstly, the old fisherman, who hadn’t appeared for a long time, showed up again. This time, he stayed in the Tianchen Province. But unlike before, the old fisherman was accompanied by a seven or eight-year-old girl. Dressed similarly to the old fisherman in a raincoat, she carried the fishing basket on her back, almost the same size as herself. It looked quite comical.

Some bold cultivators tried to get close to the little fisher girl but were sternly rebuked by her.

Although she appeared to be at the Foundation Establishment Stage, she spoke to Nascent Soul cultivators with the tone of educating juniors.It’s worth noting that the old fisherman has been wandering around for a long time, appearing and disappearing mysteriously, and no one has ever been able to follow him.

This little girl immediately aroused the curiosity of many cultivators.

The cultivators speculated about the identity of this little fisher girl, but with various guesses, there was no definite conclusion.

When Li Fan saw this news, for some reason, he suddenly thought of the Sun Stealing Token he traded to the old fisherman back then.

“Sikong Yue?” Li Fan squinted his eyes, speculating in his mind.

When he initially obtained the Sun Stealing Token and learned about its origin, he had a vague guess in his mind.

The creator of this token, the 38th generation heir of the Sun Stealing Sect, Sikong Yue, might have turned himself into the token through some secret method to survive in that extremely bloody dark era.

When later cultivators attempted to integrate with the token through the Sun Stealing Technique, merging their body and soul with the token.

She could secretly absorb power and eventually achieve the resurrection of “Sun Stealing.”

So, Li Fan has always been wary of this token.

After obtaining it, he always kept it in a corner of his storage ring, without provoking it.

When the fisherman demanded this item, he handed it over without hesitation.

Now it seems that his premonition may indeed be correct.

“I wonder what method the old fisherman used to awaken it. However, after sleeping for thousands of years, it’s not easy to revive, but being forced to act as a follower fisher girl, I guess the taste wouldn’t be pleasant.” Li Fan thought to himself, then he pondered over the second matter that he was very concerned about.

In the past year, rumors have been spreading everywhere within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

It’s said that there’s movement again from the long-dormant Wulao Meeting.

A cultivator proficient in the Dao of the soul has reportedly quietly infiltrated the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

This cultivator’s cultivation level is unfathomable, reportedly reaching the Dao Integration realm a thousand years ago.

And he has abandoned his physical body, existing only with his soul.

His soul is so powerful that it’s no different from an ordinary physical body.

Moreover, he can freely enter the bodies of other cultivators, perform body-snatching acts, and replace them.

Not long ago, a tragic incident occurred in the Litu Province.

The city guards suddenly changed their temperament and massacred all the ordinary people under their jurisdiction.

Moreover, they falsely reported that there was a “spy invasion, committing bloodshed” and, under the pretext of “investigating the scene details,” deceived dozens of disciples from the Yanwu Hall into entering the city of Zhupi.

Then they displayed strength completely inconsistent with themselves, annihilating the squad of Yanwu Hall led by Nascent Soul cultivators in an instant.

Before the cultivators of Litu Province could react, they left.

Leaving behind a city soaked in blood, causing subsequent cultivators who rushed over to be both shocked and angry.

After this, there were more than a dozen incidents where cultivators suddenly changed temperament, behaved recklessly, and committed indiscriminate killings.

Yet, the perpetrators were never found.

People began to connect the occurrence of these massacres with the news of the Dao Integration Immortal Ancestor infiltrating the Wulao Meeting.

Almost everyone believes that the reason why those cultivators changed their temperament was because they were possessed by the Dao Integration Immortal Ancestor of the Wulao Meeting.

And as the slaughter incidents continued to occur, the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance also began to feel a sense of fear.

After all, no one can guarantee that they won’t be the next target of possession.

Furthermore, they have to worry about their close friends, who may suddenly stab them in the back.

The accumulation of negative emotions has led to an increasingly louder voice accusing the Yanwu Hall of incompetence.

And the demand for the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array to be popularized as soon as possible has also become stronger.

The effectiveness of the Soul-Locking Array has been evident in the Jiushan Province.

Although it’s rare for the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to issue a public announcement explaining that the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array’s light beams target only cultivators below the Dao Integration realm.

After being locked for a period of time, cultivators at the Dao Integration realm can break free with their own strength.

However, in the eyes of many cultivators, having some effect is better than having no countermeasures at all and passively waiting to be slaughtered.

Moreover, formations can be improved and strengthened.

It’s not possible to deal with Dao Integration cultivators now, but through continuous improvement, it should be achievable eventually, right?

In any case, due to the existence of the spy from the Wulao Meeting, referred to by the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance as the “Thousand-Faced Demon Lord,” the public’s attitude towards the popularization of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array.

From initial opposition to later acquiescence, it has now turned into hope and support.

The popularization of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array is now a trend.

Not only is the official attitude resolute, but the masses also eagerly welcome it.

Although there are some dissenting voices in the face of this tide,

they are swiftly suppressed before they can attract attention.

Meanwhile, the incompetence of the Yanwu Hall in the face of the invasion of the Thousand-Faced Demon Lord has also stirred considerable dissatisfaction among many cultivators.

Some cultivators believe that the current Yanwu Hall is no longer able to adapt to the increasingly fierce competition with the Wulao Meeting.

It’s better to emulate the existence of the Central Garrison Institute in the central hinterland and reorganize a completely new martial force organization to guard the security within the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

This idea has received strong support.

The official statement of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance also expresses that they will fully consider and respect the opinions of the vast cultivators.

Relevant matters are currently under negotiation, and specific measures will be announced soon.

The rare proactive response from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has greatly cheered many cultivators.

They believe that this change may be a sign of better days to come.

However, for cultivators like Li Fan, who truly discern some clues, at this moment, they can only maintain silence amidst a cold heart.

“It’s truly a brilliant move.”

“The emergence of the Thousand-Faced Demon Lord not only greatly accelerates the popularization of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array.”

“Even when the formation is fully established, it will be used even more cleverly.”

“Spies will eventually be caught.”

“But the Thousand-Faced Demon Lord is cunning, so no matter how hard you try, you can’t catch him.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 346: Fate Follows Changes


Does the Thousand-Faced Demon Sovereign really exist?

This question isn’t actually important.

Since the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and many cultivators have already reached a conclusion, then regardless of his past,

From now on, he is just a ghost wandering within the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Selecting victims at will, making it impossible for people to guard against.

Anyone could be the unforgivable Thousand-Faced Demon Sovereign.

And the ultimate authority to interpret his identity lies in the hands of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, which possesses the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array.

This is the most important thing.

Li Fan could almost foresee that when the Soul-Locking Array is completely constructed, cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will face an even more perilous cultivation environment.

“When it reaches that point, the situation can be considered thoroughly collapsed. As a mere Golden Core cultivator, I’m afraid it will be extremely difficult for me to protect myself. Perhaps by then, I can return to the Truth earlier…”Enemies will come when barriers are erected, and troubles will arise when defenses are heightened. The popularization of the Soul-Locking Array is still at least more than ten years away. Any further concerns for Li Fan at this moment are just needless worry.

Take one step at a time and see how things develop.

Li Fan suppressed the miscellaneous thoughts in his mind and began the ritual to enter the Fallen Immortal Realm.

“Fortune-bestowed Xuanhuang Immortal Sovereign!”

The blurry scene in front gradually became clear.

The whistling wind constantly echoed in his ears.

It seemed like he was rapidly flying in the sky, surrounded by bone-piercing coldness, causing Li Fan’s body to tremble slightly.

“Huh? This time it’s actually different from Ningyuan City. We’re not starting over in an egg?” Li Fan, who had regained a bit of self-awareness, was somewhat surprised.

But soon, he recalled the time frame when this scene took place.

The little boy Xu Ke was tightly hugging the neck of the Green Phoenix, while Li Fan was hanging on his neck.

The Green Phoenix rushed towards a certain direction as directed by the little boy.

Isn’t this the scene from the last time he left the Fallen Immortal Realm?

This feels like a real continuous drama?

Li Fan felt somewhat strange.

Although he lost the opportunity to endlessly explore opportunities, he didn’t feel restless because of constantly repeating a certain period of time.

It can be said to have advantages and disadvantages.

Transforming into the Divine Bird greatly limited Li Fan’s thinking ability.

Instead of thinking too much, he simply scratched Xu Ke’s hair and began to contemplate the insights he gained from the last entry into the realm.

Other than the extremely powerful Heavenly Mandate Profound Light, there’s also the ability to condense and gather qi luck, known as “Heaven’s Mandate Within Me.”

Squinting his eyes, Li Fan looked again at the purple-gold pillar of light soaring into the sky above Xu Ke’s head.

Li Fan instinctively began to absorb the strands of energy radiating outward from the purple-gold brilliance.

As if swallowing the most powerful elixir between heaven and earth, the scattered golden-purple radiance entered his body, making Li Fan feel like he had immersed himself in a warm spring.

He could clearly feel his spirit and physique gradually growing stronger.

With a refreshing sigh, he transformed into a faint golden thread imperceptible to ordinary people and re-entered the purple-gold qi luck pillar above Xu Ke’s head.

“So this is the Heavenly Mandate Divine Bird…”

Li Fan suddenly understood how “Heaven’s Mandate Within Me” worked.

Among all living beings in the world, each has their own qi luck, all different.

Some sail smoothly through life, always turning bad luck into good.

While others are naturally unlucky, encountering setbacks at every turn.

However, qi luck is not immutable.

It is extremely susceptible to external influences.

Those who have been smooth-sailing in the first half of their lives may suddenly encounter misfortune after certain events, causing their lives to take a drastic turn for the worse.

And those who have been unlucky for most of their lives may suddenly have a change of fortune one day, becoming wealthy and prosperous.

The reason lies in the fact that qi luck interacts with external factors and is extremely volatile.

The weaker the original qi luck, the more so it is.

People like Xu Ke, whose status is beyond description, may not be easily affected by external shocks.

But every time they encounter disasters, it will deplete a bit of their original qi luck.

During their daily activities, they will constantly radiate outward, consuming themselves.

Over time, if there’s only output and no input, qi luck naturally becomes weaker.

The “Heaven’s Mandate Within Me” ability of the Divine Bird is to absorb the owner’s everyday emitted qi luck, nourishing itself, and then feed back the condensed qi luck to the owner.

Not only can it help the owner accumulate and strengthen qi luck, avoiding consumption in inexplicable places,

But it can also temporarily lend its own qi luck to the owner during times of crisis.

Thus, the Divine Bird and its owner can be said to complement each other and mutually complete.

“It seems like following this kid isn’t a bad idea after all,” Li Fan greedily sucked in another breath of invisible purple-gold qi, couldn’t help but think so.

“Hey, kid, where are you going now?” After absorbing this strand of qi luck, Li Fan felt himself grow stronger.

With a thought, he immediately attempted to communicate with Xu Ke.

Of course, not verbally, but silently in his mind.

“Wow! Xia Hei, you actually learned telepathy!” Instantly, Xu Ke’s voice echoed in Li Fan’s mind.

“Xiao… Hei? Who are you talking about?” Li Fan suddenly grabbed Xu Ke and scratched him fiercely.

“Ouch, it hurts.” Xu Ke rubbed his head and said innocently, “Xianhe is Xiao Hong, Green Phoenix is Xiao Qing. You’re all black, so calling you Xiao Hei isn’t wrong, is it?”

Li Fan pecked him several times in a row, “I am the mighty Heavenly Mandate Divine Bird! How can you use such vulgar names?!”

“Okay.” Xu Ke, feeling the pain, had to compromise.

“Then I’ll call you Xiao Xuan.”

Although Li Fan was still a bit unhappy, at the moment, he was incarnated as a beast, and his brain was not fully developed.

With insufficient brain capacity, he couldn’t come up with a better name for the time being.

“You still haven’t answered my question, where are we going now?” Li Fan asked.

Seeing Li Fan acknowledge the name he gave, Xu Ke burst into silly laughter.

At the same time, he answered in his mind, “We’re going to find Senior Lu Ya.”

“The whole sect is still in chaos now, all because Mr. Bai was too ruthless, scaring everyone.”

“Many senior brothers and sisters don’t want to stay in the sect anymore, feeling that there’s no future.”

“Some ran away, some escaped. Even the senior uncles and senior brothers, as well as many elders, don’t know where they’ve gone. No one has come out to maintain order.”

“This has led to increasingly severe chaos.”

“It’s really dangerous. If we encounter someone like Song Yang again, we might not be so lucky.”

“So, let’s go find Senior Lu Ya. He’s so strong, it’s definitely safer to stay by his side.”

“Maybe we’ll even get to see Mr. Bai on the way, hehe.”

Xu Ke’s thoughts flowed quickly as he rattled off.

“How do you know where your Senior Lu Ya is?” Li Fan asked, somewhat surprised.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 347: All-Knowing Emperor Three Miao


“Of course I know!”

Xu Ke’s voice sounded somewhat proud.

“I’ve said it before, Senior Lu Ya is very kind.”

“When he brought me to the Imperial Beast Sect, with the sect being so vast, he knew I was mischievous and liked to wander around. So, for the convenience of finding me, he gave me a jade pendant.”

“I can sense my location at any time.”

“And this function is two-way, I can also find him at any time.”

“Hehe, actually, I know that Senior Lu Ya was afraid I’d be bullied when I just entered the sect, so he left this jade pendant for me.”

As Xu Ke responded, he showed Li Fan the jade pendant hanging from his chest.

Li Fan looked over and saw that the jade pendant resembled somewhat the exotic beast Senior Lu Ya had ridden before.

But looking at Xu Ke’s smug look, inexplicably, a sense of annoyance arose in his heart.Then he coldly retorted, “Since the jade pendant is two-way, Senior Lu Ya must have known when you approached him.”

“Now he’s with Mr. Bai, and he didn’t want you to meet Mr. Bai before. So this time, he’ll definitely avoid you too.”

Xu Ke didn’t care, foolishly saying, “Xiao Xuan, you’re overthinking it, for sure…”

However, before he could finish his words, he suddenly froze: “What’s going on? The sensing actually disappeared suddenly?!”

The Green Phoenix bird beneath him hadn’t reacted yet, still flying towards the direction Xu Ke had indicated earlier.

Xu Ke lamented with a gloomy face, complaining, “Xiao Xuan, you’re such a jinx. Good things don’t work out, but bad things are spot on…”

Li Fan sneered and gave him a slap.

Xu Ke rubbed his head, but didn’t give up on finding Lu Ya’s whereabouts.

His eyes lit up with an idea.

“Xiao Xuan, since you’re the legendary Tianming Xuan Bird, your abilities must be great, right?”

“So, can you help me find Senior Lu Ya and Mr. Bai’s current location?”

Li Fan raised his head slightly, looking proud.

Seeing this, Xu Ke immediately said many flattering words, promising to help Li Fan find three stems of Jingchong Grass.

The taste of that rare red insect grass still lingered deeply in the soul of the Xuan Bird.

Enticed by delicacies, coupled with Li Fan’s genuine desire to try it, whether he could see that mysterious and unpredictable Mr. Bai.

So, with a leap, he arrived above Xu Ke’s head.

Activating his innate supernatural powers, he gazed into the distance.

Whether it was Lu Ya or Mr. Bai, their aura must be different from ordinary people.

Inside the Imperial Beast Sect, they should stand out conspicuously.

As Li Fan pondered this, the result turned out somewhat unexpected.

Not far away, he did see a dazzling azure aura of aura, indeed very conspicuous.

But around that blue aura, there was nothing.

“Could it be that Mr. Bai has already left the Imperial Beast Sect?”

“Or is this prominent aura not related to Lu Ya?”

Li Fan was somewhat puzzled, but still marked the location in his mind for Xu Ke.

Xu Ke was extremely excited and urged Little Qing to fly quickly towards the target.

The Green Phoenix bird also obediently followed the words of this young boy whom he had just met not long ago, carrying him tirelessly and accelerating.

The location where Lu Ya was seemed to be in a small cabin on top of a mountain.

Just as Xu Ke and they were about to approach, a thin figure flew out from the mountaintop and disappeared in an instant.

But Li Fan could faintly feel that the person who had just flown out seemed to have glanced towards Xu Ke’s direction.

“Mr. Bai!” Xu Ke exclaimed.

But Li Fan felt somewhat solemn.

Because he saw it very clearly, there was actually no aura above Mr. Bai’s head to be observed at all.

“To perceive aura is the Tianming supernatural power of the Xuan Bird clan. What kind of cultivation is it that even the Tianming Xuan Bird cannot observe?”

In the bloodline inheritance memory of the Xuan Bird that Li Fan was attached to, its ancestors seemed to have never encountered such a situation.

Xu Ke stared in the direction where Mr. Bai disappeared, standing still for a moment.

Then, still tangled, he urged Little Qing to fly towards Senior Lu Ya’s cabin on the mountaintop.

Flying to the mountaintop, Xu Ke couldn’t wait and leaped down, rushing towards the cabin.

“Senior Lu Ya!”

Xu Ke pushed open the door excitedly, but was surprised to find that besides Lu Ya, there was another person present.

With a lean face and white eyebrows and beard.

A sense of awe emanated from him, causing Xu Ke’s body to suddenly stiffen.

The white-bearded old man and Lu Ya merely glanced at the intruding Xu Ke before continuing their previous conversation.

Without avoiding Xu Ke’s presence, the white-bearded old man said, “Since you’ve already agreed to the other party, then do as he requests.”

“Although he came knocking on the door forcefully, it might not all be bad.”

Lu Ya’s expression was somewhat astonished: “Senior, what did you see?”

The white-bearded old man didn’t answer directly, but smiled and asked back, “Lu Ya, do you believe in what Mr. Bai said?”

Lu Ya suddenly fell silent.

The white-bearded old man shook his head. “People always make mistakes. Sometimes, openly admitting one’s mistakes is not a shameful thing.”

But Lu Ya bluntly said, “I only believe in my own eyes.”

“Many times, what you see may not necessarily be the truth,” the white-bearded old man sighed softly.

However, he seemed to also know Lu Ya’s temperament, not easily persuaded.

So, he didn’t linger on this topic anymore, but turned to say, “A great calamity is approaching, and our Imperial Beast Sect may be hard to escape.”

“But amidst the bleakness, I see a glimmer of hope.”

“This glimmer of hope is related to Mr. Bai’s mission, and also to this little friend here.”

The white-bearded old man’s gaze turned to Xu Ke, who was standing still, bewildered.

“Him?” Lu Ya turned to look at Xu Ke, his expression inexplicable.

“None other than him.” The white-bearded old man nodded.

Lu Ya shrugged. “Although Senior, you are known as the all-knowing wisdom beast, Di San Miao, if the only hope of the Imperial Beast Sect rests on this kid… it’s really too far-fetched.”

“I don’t believe it anyway.”

Di San Miao didn’t argue, but smiled and said, “In the river of destiny, who dares to claim full knowledge? The so-called ‘all-knowing’ is just a misunderstanding of me by outsiders.”

“However…” Di San Miao paused. “The fact that this kid barged in today and has a mysterious connection with Mr. Bai and you, on the contrary, makes me more confident in my judgment.”

“After all, I only believe in my own eyes.”

The smile on Di San Miao’s face suddenly disappeared, replaced by an extremely solemn expression.

Seeing this, Lu Ya could only nod slightly.

“Anyway, there is still some time before Mr. Bai’s mission ends, which is enough for this kid to grow.”

“But, what about those troublemakers in the sect?”

“Are we really just going to let them be?”

“Our Imperial Beast Sect hasn’t perished yet, right?”

Lu Ya frowned, his tone displeased.

“Let those who want to leave go.” Di San Miao, however, showed no anger.

“With the great calamity looming, every additional disciple to protect will require more effort.”

“It’s not a bad idea to streamline things while we have the chance.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 348: The Undying Longevity Beast


The conversation between the two in the room entered Xu Ke’s ears, seemingly causing a great shock to his young mind.

Eyes widened, mouth slightly agape, struggling to speak.

While Li Fan wasn’t as shocked by the ruthless judgment Emperor Sanmao had for the inner disciples of the Imperial Beast Sect, what frustrated him considerably was the faint aura emanating from the white-bearded elder, which instilled a sense of dread from the depths of the soul into the possessed Divine Bird.

Under the pressure of the innate superiority of the higher-ups, the Divine Bird’s thoughts seemed momentarily frozen, with only its body trembling instinctively, unable to make any other movements.

From the inherited memories of the Divine Bird’s bloodline, Li Fan immediately understood the esteemed status of this intelligent beast among the other beasts.

In the ancient era when the beast clan was not yet thriving, Emperor Sanmao had already served as the prophet of the clan, leading the clan forward with his unparalleled wisdom.

He walked his own path, often transforming into human form despite being a beast.

Unlike many other beasts who shunned contact with humans, he reportedly traveled in the human world for centuries, making many human friends.

He urged the beasts to unite and contribute like humans.

After researching many human techniques, he separately improved the cultivation methods of various races at that time, greatly enhancing the cultivation speed of the beasts.From being secluded to spreading across the world, Emperor Sanmao undoubtedly played an indispensable role in the rise of the beast clan.

However, that was many years ago.

Yet the face before them now was exactly the same as what the ancestors of the Divine Bird had seen.

Generation after generation, the Divine Bird flourished, but Emperor Sanmao remained the same Emperor Sanmao.

An intelligent beast, also a beast of longevity.

Because of living long enough and experiencing enough, it possessed wisdom beyond the reach of ordinary beings.

It’s just that a long time ago, Emperor Sanmao seemed to have rarely appeared.

Disappeared without a trace, whereabouts unknown.

Never did they expect that he had quietly arrived at this Imperial Beast Sect, which was most hated by the other beasts.

It seems that Emperor Sanmao’s status in the Imperial Beast Sect is not low, considering himself as a leader.

The white-bearded elder exchanged a few words with Lu Ya, then turned to look at the Divine Bird possessed by Li Fan.

Nodding slightly, Emperor Sanmao said with satisfaction, “Being able to follow this child is also a blessing for your Phoenix clan. Perhaps, it will last longer than the other branches.”

Emperor Sanmao lightly stroked his long beard, plucking a strand.

Then, a gleaming white light emanated from the white beard, flicked by him into Li Fan’s body.

The white light roamed around, wherever it passed, vibrant vitality surged.

The sensation of constant strengthening was several times stronger than when Xu Ke’s exposed fortune was swallowed before, almost making Li Fan want to let out a comfortable roar.

After circling inside the body, the white light still didn’t dissipate, just dimmed slightly.

So, the next cycle began.

Immersed in this warm and comforting vitality, Li Fan felt incredibly relaxed in mind and spirit, a sense of weariness flooding over him.

Before falling into slumber, he only heard Lu Ya’s somewhat astonished voice: “Senior, you…?”

Emperor Sanmao’s bestowal was undoubtedly a great tonic for the Divine Bird.

Because Li Fan’s journey in the Fallen Immortal Realm, which should have lasted for over three months, ended abruptly and inexplicably.

When he regained consciousness, he was already back in the Tianxuan Mirror in the real world.

Although this journey was extremely short and yielded nothing.

But at least Li Fan knew that when he entered again next time, it should continue from the time point after he fell asleep.

With such a long setup, the eventual harvest shouldn’t be too meager.

Moreover, Li Fan was very curious about what the task Mr. Bai had assigned actually was.

And what would be the final outcome for Lu Ya, Xu Ke, and that Emperor Sanmao.

After reviewing the experiences in the Fallen Immortal Realm in his mind once again, Li Fan pondered for a while, seeing no summoning message from Ji Hongdao, so he immersed himself in cultivation once more.

Two months later, when “Transformation of the Mysterious and Divine” broke through to the Foundation Establishment Stage, Ji Hongdao finally sent a message.

Concise and to the point, not a word wasted.

“Within seven days, come to the Realm Boundary Academy to see me.”

Li Fan didn’t immediately set off, but first inquired about Xue Mu.

“Friend Xue, where are you now? Have you received Master Ji’s summons?”

After about a cup of tea’s time, Xue Mu replied, “Friend Li Fan, I am currently in the Tianchen Province. Recently, it is said that Old Fisherman has been staying here, and he seems to be more interested in things than before. Three lucky individuals have already obtained benefits from him successively. So, I also wanted to try my luck.”

“Unfortunately, luck was not on my side this time. By the time I arrived, he had already disappeared without a trace. I wanted to explore a bit more, but then I received Master Ji’s message.”

Li Fan replied, “Opportunities and such cannot be forced. The task of building the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array is related to our future. We cannot delay. Friend, you should return quickly. I’ll wait for you in the city, and we’ll go together.”

Xue Mu’s surprised voice came immediately, “Okay, what you said is right, I’ll come back right away.”

In the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, there were teleportation arrays everywhere, so the journey was swift.

Just half a day later, Xue Mu returned to Tianyu City.

“Let’s go.” Li Fan glanced at Xue Mu, who looked a bit dusty but much more spirited than before, and nodded.

“Friend, I’ve kept you waiting.” Xue Mu looked guilty.

“Not at all.” Li Fan waved his hand, unconcerned.

“Friend, you just broke through to the Golden Core stage a year ago, but from observing your aura, it seems like you’re not far from another breakthrough?” Li Fan observed Xue Mu for a moment, somewhat surprised, and asked.

Xue Mu nodded, “Friend has sharp eyes. It’s strange, though. I haven’t put much effort into cultivation recently. Most of the time, I’ve been touring the wonders of the world in the nearby provinces. I haven’t deliberately pursued cultivation advancement, but under the magnificent rhythm of the heavens and earth, my cultivation has grown significantly.”

“But strangely, the effect of my own cultivation hasn’t been as good as I imagined.”

He rubbed his head in embarrassment, “I don’t know what’s going on.”

Suddenly, he paused, saying uncertainly, “Perhaps, it’s because the influence of that ‘Mortal Transcendence Wall’ hasn’t disappeared yet?”

“So miraculous? What did you see on that wall?” Surprised by this answer, Li Fan couldn’t help but ask.

As they spoke, they had already arrived outside the Realm Boundary Academy.

Entering successively, there were no consecutive arrays greeting them this time. Instead, they arrived directly at a picturesque courtyard.

No one was in the courtyard. Li Fan and Xue Mu found a place to sit down and continued their previous conversation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 349: One Step to God Transformation


Xue Mu took out a scroll from his storage ring and handed it to Li Fan.

“This is a scroll I drew based on the scenes in my memory.”

“Although it has been revised hundreds of times, it still retains one ten-thousandth of its divine charm.”

“Even so, every time I calmly redraw it, it purifies and benefits my body and mind.”

“I didn’t realize it before, but just now, after hearing what you said, I realized.”

“During this time, I have made rapid progress, perhaps because I often review the scenes I saw back then.” Xue Mu said solemnly.

“Mortal transformation into god…” With curiosity, Li Fan took the scroll and unfolded it. In an instant, it seemed as if there were changes in the sky. A slender figure, dressed in white clothes, looked up at the sky.

The figure was so small, yet it seemed to stand opposite the entire world. In the sky, clouds continuously rolled, transforming into different shapes. Layer upon layer, they pressed down.

The wind rose, lifting the clouds like snow. The white clothes fluttered, facing the pressure from the sky, the slender figure remained unmoved. Faced with the oppression of heaven and earth, he not only did not fear, but his momentum increased with time. Suddenly, he took a step forward. Then the white clouds rolled back, unable to form an army. He took another step forward. The clouds dispersed, and the sky became clear.

Then, strange phenomena occurred between heaven and earth. Countless golden lights appeared, accompanied by continuously falling strange flowers. Various auspicious beasts flew from the horizon, emitting joyful cries. On the ground, flowers bloomed as if spring had arrived in the blink of an eye.That slender figure seemed to emit a light smile. Then he walked forward with his hands behind his back. With this step, he reached the sky. Merged with the vast sky, he disappeared. Xue Mu watched Li Fan in a trance and said somewhat shyly, “My skills are limited, and my work may seem crude to you.”

“What you actually saw is tens of thousands of times stronger than what I drew.”

“But it’s just the residual image of the wall of transformation into god. I really don’t know how magnificent the scene was when this mortal transformed into a god.” Xue Mu sighed.

“Xue Daoist’s painting skills are impressive, making one feel as if they are there.” Li Fan replied politely, but his eyes never left the scroll in his hand, staring closely at the white figure in the painting.

There was some uncertainty in his heart.

Although it was only a record of the shadow wall, the actual scene might be completely different. But the feeling emanating from him made Li Fan vaguely feel somewhat familiar.

“Mr. Bai?”

Li Fan had encountered this mysterious strongman several times in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

But they always passed by each other, only able to see his vague figure.

Because of this, when he saw this copied painting, he recognized it at a glance.

In Mr. Bai’s realm, what mattered was the spirit, not the appearance.

Once you’ve seen him, it’s hard to mistake him.

Moreover, Li Fan’s intuition was always accurate.

It was almost certain that the Tianyun Province’s “Mortal Transformation Wall” recorded the scene of Mr. Bai’s transformation from mortal to god, ascending in one step.

Li Fan suddenly remembered Xu Ke’s solemn vow when he saw Mr. Bai’s great power and slew many exotic beasts.

“Now it seems that Mr. Bai may not have lied. Before separating from Xu Ke, he was indeed just a mortal.”

“But with one sudden enlightenment, he became a cultivator of the god transformation stage.”

“…”

Although he had heard of the “mortal to god transformation” before.

But legends were just legends after all.

And when the protagonist of the story turned out to be someone he knew, Li Fan found it difficult to accept for a moment.

“What kind of talent does it take to achieve god transformation in one step?”

Thinking back on his years of hard work and planning through hundreds of reincarnations, he was only at the mid-stage of the Golden Core realm now.

Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a little lost.

Even though this happened in the ancient era, which emphasized the unity of heaven and man and had extremely high enlightenment limits, it still exceeded Li Fan’s imagination a bit.

“Really…”

“The gap between people is indeed too great.”

But Li Fan’s mind was resilient. After a moment of daze, he gradually recovered.

Shaking his head inwardly, he sighed for a moment.

But he couldn’t help but want to personally go to the “Mortal Transformation Wall” and see Mr. Bai’s style.

At the same time, he became more and more looking forward to the next experience in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Taking a deep breath, Li Fan put away the painting and returned it to Xue Mu.

“Thank you, Daoist friend. I have gained a lot from seeing your masterpiece today.” Li Fan sincerely thanked him.

Xue Mu was a bit flustered: “I dare not, I dare not. It was your reminder that prompted me to go to the Transformation Wall in the first place. Speaking of which, I should thank you, Daoist friend.”

“You two youngsters, really make people feel sour. I wonder if it’s genuine or just acting.” While the two were politely declining each other, a somewhat ambiguous voice suddenly sounded.

Li Fan looked over and saw that the speaker was the fat man Huangfu Song he had seen in the Heavenly Academy before.

Li Fan responded with some surprise instead of anger: “So it’s Senior Huangfu Song, I didn’t expect you to still be alive?”

“Previously, I heard Master Ji say that there was no need to worry about the incident where Dantai Tao was attacked again. I thought you had…”

“Senior Huangfu’s relationship is indeed profound, and the junior admires it.” Li Fan said solemnly.

Seeing Li Fan mentioning his previous slip of the tongue again, Huangfu Song’s face turned liver-colored: “Kid, why are you talking nonsense again.”

“The incident of Dantai Tao being attacked has absolutely nothing to do with me.”

Li Fan nodded quickly, looking like he understood and would absolutely not spread rumors.

Huangfu Song almost laughed out of anger: “You kid, your acting skills have really reached the pinnacle. I don’t know if you’re pretending to be stupid or if you’re really stupid.”

Xue Mu looked at the two of them somewhat bewilderedly, not knowing what riddle they were playing.

Just then, the voice of Jihong Dao suddenly sounded.

“Alright, Huangfu. You’re so grown-up, why bother with these juniors.”

“Quickly bring them over, we’re about to set off.”

Jihong Dao still had some authority over Huangfu Song.

Huangfu Song dared not neglect, snorted coldly, and grabbed Li Fan and Xue Mu with his left and right hands respectively.

With a flicker of light and shadow, they appeared on a flying boat.

Jihong Dao was standing on the bow of the ship, waiting for them.

After being put down by Huangfu Song, Li Fan and Xue Mu hurriedly saluted Jihong Dao.

Jihong Dao just nodded slightly, but his eyes were fixed on the front, not knowing what he was looking at.

“Master Ji, what is this flying boat?”

After a moment, Li Fan boldly asked.

“Originally, the plan was to take you and the other array masters from Tianyu Province to meet at the Strategist Hall and go to the Hidden Dragon Cave for array construction.”

“But I suddenly received an appointment and need to rush to the Abyss of Roars.”

“There has been a little accident there and manpower is needed, so I’m taking you along.” Jihong Dao said somewhat casually.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 350: Devils Sound from the Abyss


“Shouting Abyss? What kind of place is that?” The name itself exuded a sinister aura, prompting Li Fan to inquire.

Ji Hongdao turned his head to glance at Li Fan, smiling, “It’s no use telling you now. You’ll know when we get there.”

“Although it’s a bit dangerous, you don’t need to worry too much.”

“With us old folks around, nothing major will happen.”

Ji Hongdao evidently had confidence in himself and waved off any concerns.

Since Ji Hongdao spoke this way, Li Fan naturally didn’t continue to inquire and retreated with Xue Mu to the side.

Before long, Shangguan Shi, the thin man Li Fan had met in the Universal Courtyard, also brought five others onto the ship.

These five individuals were not part of the previous training group. They wore the standard robes of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, had matured features, and behaved professionally.

They seemed to have been on this flying ship before and were very familiar with its structure.

After exchanging greetings with Ji Hongdao, they went straight to the cabin.As they passed by Li Fan and Xue Mu, they nodded in acknowledgment.

Xue Mu didn’t immediately realize their identity and stood still.

Li Fan, however, greeted them just as familiarly.

As their figures disappeared from view, Xue Mu earnestly asked Li Fan through voice transmission.

“Li Fan, it seems you know them? Do you know their identities?”

Li Fan shook his head hastily, “I don’t know. But we’re all members of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, like a family. It’s normal to greet each other when we meet.”

Xue Mu was dumbfounded for a moment, unsure how to retort.

Fortunately, the chubby Huangfu Song came to his rescue.

“Let’s go, don’t just stand there like a fool. Almost everyone is here, so we’ll probably depart soon.”

Huangfu Song glanced at Li Fan, snorted, and ordered.

Li Fan, with the demeanor of a junior respecting his elders, followed behind Huangfu Song.

Passing through the cabin corridor, Li Fan noticed that many people had already gathered on the flying ship.

It seemed that not only formation masters from the Array Hall were present.

The faintly discernible aura of killing and blood emanating from certain practitioners in certain rooms made Li Fan realize that this mission might not be as easy as Ji Hongdao had described.

The two followed Huangfu Song to an empty guest cabin and sat down.

Li Fan smiled and turned to Huangfu Song for advice, “Senior Huangfu, can you reveal to us the objective of our mission this time?”

Huangfu Song glanced at Li Fan with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes, “You little rascal, are you scared too?”

Li Fan admitted openly, “Of course, my courage can’t compare to yours, Senior. After all, you even…”

“Stop! Stop!” Huangfu Song’s expression changed slightly. “You, how come every three sentences mention Dantai Tao?”

His eyes narrowed, flashing a dangerous glint as he scrutinized Li Fan carefully.

After a moment, Huangfu Song suppressed the killing intent in his heart and the smile reappeared on his face.

“Humph, telling you won’t hurt. If Director Ji didn’t tell you, it’s just because it’s complicated to explain.” Huangfu Song casually tapped the table in front of him and took a sip of the suddenly appearing hot spirit tea before his expression turned serious.

“On this trip, we are going to the depths of the White Mist.”

“The depths of the White Mist?” Li Fan and Xue Mu glanced at each other, slightly surprised.

However, they didn’t show it. Following Huangfu Song’s example, they lightly tapped the table and finished the steaming spirit tea.

They patiently listened to Huangfu Song’s explanation.

“As you know, there’s a 【White Mist Barrier】 that spans across heaven and earth, dividing each province. Traveling through the white mist consumes lifespan. Even passing through teleportation formations won’t avoid this.”

“So even we cultivators, if not necessary, are reluctant to move frequently.”

Li Fan nodded slightly in agreement.

“Because of this, our understanding of the White Mist is extremely limited.”

“Most people believe that the White Mist Barrier only exists on the original land as a dividing line.”

“But in reality…”

Huangfu Song smirked, “The White Mist is far broader than we imagine.”

“So, unless it’s absolutely necessary, don’t get any wild ideas about physically crossing it. Otherwise, you might just get lost in the vast White Mist, beyond the help of even the Heavenly Ancestors.”

Xue Mu heard about this for the first time and couldn’t help but feel nervous and serious.

Li Fan thought for a moment, not being intimidated by Huangfu Song’s words, and spoke up, “Although the number of cultivators physically crossing the White Mist Barrier each year isn’t many, it’s definitely not few either.”

“It’s likely that what the senior said, the vast areas within the White Mist Barrier, are only a tiny fraction,”

“Otherwise, if it’s really as dangerous as Senior described, it would have been noticed long ago.”

Huangfu Song’s words were suddenly halted by Li Fan’s revelation, feeling a bit embarrassed.

But immediately he sneered and retorted, “I don’t know how many cultivators have disappeared in the White Mist without return, harboring the same thoughts as you.”

“If you’re not afraid of death, you can boldly try it.”

“Although it seems only a step away, it’s like a heavenly trench, impossible to cross. We call these locations within the White Mist Barrier ‘Maze Realms’.”

“I can’t disclose the number of confirmed Maze Realms at the moment, but it’s definitely far beyond what you imagine.”

Seeing Li Fan’s nod of agreement, Huangfu Song stopped being stubborn, feeling relieved.

He continued, “The destination of our trip, ‘Shouting Abyss,’ is one of the Maze Realms discovered a long time ago.”

“As the name suggests, it’s an area that extends infinitely downwards in space, unfathomable and endless.”

“Every once in a while, there are inexplicable sounds of astonishment, desperate screams, and faint murmurs emanating from the depths of the abyss.”

“Ordinary cultivators and those with unstable minds, once tempted by the sounds, may fall into demonic ways and regress in cultivation.”

“In severe cases, they lose their sanity, transforming into inhuman monsters solely driven by slaughter.”

Huangfu Song seemed to recall something, a hint of fear flashing in his eyes.

“Because this Maze Realm is too bizarre, once discovered, it’s heavily monitored by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

“So, due to this influence, the Eternal Immortal Stronghold set up outside the Shouting Abyss has been forced to constantly relocate upward over the years.”

“However, in order to contain the influence of the devilish sounds within the Shouting Abyss, that stronghold has reached its limit.”

“So, a hundred years ago, the alliance began to experiment with special methods to counter the devilish sounds emanating from the depths of the abyss.”

“Special methods? Could it be…” Li Fan suddenly remembered something, his heart stirring.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 351: The Immortal Stronghold in the Enigmatic Domain


Anchor Point for 9 years, Li Fan once received a meritorious mission.

Assist the Conqueror’s Martial Hall of the Cong Yun Sea in clearing out the Red-Haired Beasts on Wanlai Island.

Those beasts feed on sound and reproduce rapidly.

They can also merge with each other, forming monsters with strength far exceeding the average individual.

After a fierce battle, the martial team successfully eradicated a certain number of Red-Haired Beasts and completed the mission smoothly.

Li Fan asked Jiang Zhengji in surprise why they didn’t completely eradicate the beasts on Wanlai Island.

Jiang Zhengji told him that the Conqueror’s Martial Hall headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had a mission to collect and submit a certain number of sound-absorbing treasures from various places every year.

And the required quantity is increasing.

At that time, Li Fan just felt that this mission was quite strange.

Now it seems that it’s to deal with the roaring abyss?Sure enough, just as this thought popped into Li Fan’s mind, he heard Huangfu Song say with some emotion, “The demonic sounds coming from the bottom of the roaring abyss are extremely terrifying. The alliance has tried various methods, but none can stop it.”

“Silencing spells, soundproof materials, none of them work.”

“It wasn’t until later that a cultivator used a stone clam treasure that could absorb and emit sound, discovering the effectiveness of this type of treasure.”

“Perhaps because these treasures have no consciousness or complex thoughts, the demonic sounds that are fatal to cultivators have greatly reduced effects on them.”

“It’s truly one thing against another!”

“The alliance has collected many such treasures, finally holding the line against the roaring abyss. And for safety’s sake, the Eternal Immortal Stronghold was relocated to its original position, suppressing the roaring abyss.”

“So, are we going there this time because something happened to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold?” Li Fan asked.

Huangfu Song shook his head, “The Eternal Immortal Stronghold is guarded by a great figure and has accumulated many treasures. The defense line is almost unshakeable.”

“In fact, this incident occurred outside the roaring abyss…”

Huangfu Song was about to continue, but his expression changed slightly.

He glanced out the window and ordered, “Get ready, we’re about to depart.”

“Xue, drink your tea. Crossing through the white mist consumes quite a bit of lifespan. This is compensation for you, it won’t be available if you miss it.”

With that, he shifted slightly, sitting upright on a circular seat below him.

Seeing this, Li Fan also mimicked his posture and sat properly.

With a slight sensation, in an instant, it seemed like they entered another space, separating from the cabin.

Xue Mu just finished drinking the spirit tea when the flying boat suddenly shook violently. He staggered, almost falling to the ground.

But this sudden acceleration of the flying boat had no effect on Li Fan and Huangfu Song.

Both of them looked at Xue Mu with smiles on their faces.

The flying boat seemed to be continuously accelerating, and it took some effort for Xue Mu to clumsily sit on the circular seat.

After Xue Mu settled down, Huangfu Song restrained his smile and continued the previous topic, “Not long ago, the alliance discovered that outside the roaring abyss, not far from here, there are signs of another domain about to emerge.”

“Dealing with the roaring abyss itself is already difficult. If these two domains merge, who knows what will happen.”

“So the alliance has ordered to move the newly emerged domain here to another open space.”

“And, outside these two domains, the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array is being constructed for future monitoring and observation.”

“That’s the purpose of our trip.”

Huangfu Song said lightly.

The information in these few sentences was quite substantial.

“Domains can move?”

“Domains can merge?”

Xue Mu and Li Fan asked at the same time.

Huangfu Song glanced at the two and explained, “Domains only undergo changes in spatial structure after entering specific areas.”

“But outside this area, everything is normal.”

“That’s the boundary of the domain. If one masters the Dao of Space, naturally, they can cut and move this entire area.”

“Although it’s a bit troublesome, it’s not difficult at all.”

“Of course, such matters are handled by us old folks. We can’t rely on you young people.”

“Your task is to cooperate in building the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array and seal off the domain.”

Li Fan nodded slightly.

Xue Mu, however, still seemed puzzled: “Senior Huangfu, if domains can be moved, why not move that, uh, roaring abyss away, instead of spending so much effort to suppress it?”

Huangfu Song smiled knowingly, “Yes, why not?”

Xue Mu was suddenly at a loss for words, unsure how to respond.

He looked deeply at Xue Mu and said slowly, “Who knows what even more terrifying things might emerge after moving it? It’s better to suppress it honestly. At least, we’re still at a manageable stage for now.”

“Wait until the Tianxuan Mirror…”

Just as Huangfu Song’s words abruptly stopped, a chilling sensation suddenly appeared in Li Fan’s heart.

His body felt cold, as if something was wandering around.

Meanwhile, his mind felt empty, as if something was quietly slipping away unnoticed.

Xue Mu’s face turned pale, and although Huangfu Song’s complexion remained unchanged, the fleeting fear in his eyes didn’t escape Li Fan’s notice.

Li Fan opened the Truth Panel and saw that his physiological age had unexpectedly turned 50 in a short time.

Fortunately, his mental age remained steadfast, keeping him fearless.

However, he couldn’t show it. Li Fan pretended to be very nervous and asked, “Have we entered the depths of the Devouring Primordial White Mist?”

Then he looked out the window.

Sure enough, it was all white, nothing could be seen.

Huangfu Song nodded, “The location of the roaring abyss is not far from the edge of the white mist. We’ll be there soon.”

“The closer we get to the domain, the stronger the Primordial White Mist’s ability to devour lifespan.”

“It’s okay inside this Dust Crossing Boat. But without protection, even a thousand years of lifespan wouldn’t be enough if you enter the domain alone.”

“Remember to carry the Black Death Talisman with you in the domain.”

“Otherwise, with your mere Golden Core cultivation, I’m afraid it will only take the time of an incense stick for you to turn into piles of bones.”

Huangfu Song solemnly instructed, then remembered something and added, “Hmm, this thing will be distributed uniformly to you before we disembark.”

“Remember to retrieve it before leaving.”

Unexpectedly, the mission location this time is so dangerous.

Xue Mu, who was originally not good with words, became even more silent at this moment.

Although he tried to appear calm, he couldn’t hide the anxiety in his heart.

Li Fan also continued to display a mixture of fear and composure.

Huangfu Song had finished explaining what needed to be said, and at this point, the cabin fell into silence.

But the silence didn’t last long.

Shortly after, rustling sounds suddenly appeared in Li Fan’s ears.

“Heal…”

“The heavens…”

Li Fan’s heart skipped a beat as he looked at the two beside him.

“Did you hear something?” he asked.

(End)

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 352: Ancient Celestial Lords Palm


Intermittent cries, sometimes faint and sometimes clear, echoed constantly in Li Fan’s ears.

Ever since Li Fan noticed the existence of these sounds, they seemed to have a target to spread to.

They swarmed one after another, entwining around Li Fan.

In an instant, it felt like falling into a hell where evil spirits gathered, and Li Fan felt surrounded by these terrifying sounds from all directions.

And he wasn’t sure if it was an illusion.

From these inexplicable murmurs, Li Fan seemed to always hear the words “heaven” and “doctor.”

And the more he thought so, the louder the sound of “heavenly doctor” became.

Like rising tides, waves upon waves surged, wanting to completely engulf Li Fan.

Just then, within the Dust Crossing Boat, a burst of fiery red brilliance shimmered.

Above the cabin, a twelve-petaled red lotus blossomed gracefully.As the lotus petals bloomed, the sounds around Li Fan suddenly cleared.

At this moment, Huangfu Song’s voice came somewhat belatedly: “It… should be just a surge of sound occasionally erupting from the depths of the abyss.”

“There is a Pure World Red Lotus Array protecting us within the Dust Crossing Boat, ensuring our safety.”

Li Fan, back to normal, nodded at the words, but his mind was recalling the sounds he had just heard.

“Senior Huangfu, do the sounds from the Abyssal Roar Abyss sound the same to everyone? Or do they vary according to each person?” Li Fan asked.

This question was crucial, and Li Fan stared at Huangfu Song, awaiting his answer.

Huangfu Song was somewhat surprised, but after a moment of contemplation, he explained: “The abyssal devilish sounds are indescribable. Once they leave the Abyssal Roar Abyss, their nature doesn’t change. However, the ability of each cultivator to endure these devilish sounds varies, naturally resulting in vastly different perceptions.”

“The adult who guards the Abyssal Roar Abyss year-round is said to even comprehend profound dao techniques from these devilish sounds.”

Hearing this, Li Fan breathed a sigh of relief.

It seemed that the howling of “heavenly doctor” he had heard from the abyssal devilish sounds earlier was probably just a hallucination triggered by the heavy psychological shadow left by the heavenly doctor initially.

“Stirring up the fear deep within one’s heart?” Even the sound surges passing through the outer layers of the abyss were so terrifying. It’s really hard to imagine what kind of terrifying situation awaits at the bottom of the abyss.

No wonder the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance values it so much.

“It seems that this mission won’t be so easy.” Li Fan looked at the red lotus pattern above his head, flickering between brightness and darkness, and couldn’t help but think.

Just as he was pondering, the Dust Crossing Boat suddenly trembled as if passing through some barrier, shaking violently.

Li Fan looked out the window, and the white mist was no longer as thick as when he first saw it.

“We’re almost at the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.”

“Let’s get ready to disembark.”

Seeing this, Huangfu Song stood up from his seat and walked out.

Naturally, Li Fan and Xue Mu immediately followed suit.

When they reached the bow deck of the boat, their vision suddenly cleared.

Everything around was filled with dense devouring elemental white mist. The Dust Crossing Boat shuttled through it rapidly, yet there was no perceptible change in the surrounding scenery.

However, when Li Fan looked back at the path they had come from, he could clearly see that the density of the white mist was continuously decreasing.

From the outside to the inside, several distinct circles formed based on the lightness of the color.

And on the Dust Crossing Boat, a constantly flashing and shimmering black light layer continuously kept the erosion of the white mist at bay.

As the white mist thinned enough to see objects, a gigantic green stone palm suddenly appeared above Li Fan’s head.

Its five fingers were like towering pillars, and the palm lines were clearly visible.

It obscured the sky, filling Li Fan’s field of vision.

Compared to it, the Dust Crossing Boat seemed so tiny.

It felt like it could come crashing down on them at any moment, causing Li Fan’s heart to skip a beat.

Xue Mu’s face turned even paler, instinctively reaching out to block.

Huangfu Song was very satisfied with Xue Mu’s reaction.

Only then did he calmly say, “Oh, I forgot to tell you. The severed palm ahead is the Eternal Immortal Stronghold guarding the Abyssal Roar Abyss.”

Hearing this, Xue Mu’s movements stiffened as he lowered his hands.

But he still looked at the giant palm above his head in shock, unable to speak.

Li Fan squinted, carefully examining the surface of the palm.

The green stone severed palm was too huge, with lines crisscrossing its surface, resembling winding mountain ranges.

Interwoven and intricate, incredibly complex.

It didn’t look like it was artificially made.

“Interesting…”

As Li Fan continued to observe, the flying boat slowly approached the severed palm.

Finally, it flew into the tear at the wrist.

The intense pressure disappeared, and Xue Mu breathed a sigh of relief.

“Senior Huangfu, why was the Eternal Immortal Stronghold made to look like this? It’s really eerie.” Xue Mu, who had calmed down, asked.

Before Huangfu Song could respond, he was preempted by Shangguan Shi, who led another group of people.

“Kid, it’s not that the Eternal Immortal Stronghold was meant to be shaped like a severed palm. It’s that the entire Eternal Immortal Stronghold was transformed from this severed palm,” Shangguan Shi said.

“How come you don’t even know this common knowledge now that we’ve reached our destination?”

“Brother Huangfu, it seems your teaching isn’t quite up to par,” Shangguan Shi mocked slightly.

However, Huangfu Song didn’t get angry, just smiled in response, “Then I’ll trouble Brother Shangguan to explain it again to these two kids. I’m also happy to take it easy.”

“You…” Shangguan Shi’s eyes flashed with a hint of anger.

But then he thought of something and didn’t erupt.

With a cold snort, he briefly explained to Li Fan and Xue Mu the origin of this severed palm.

In the vast devouring elemental white mist, there were mazes everywhere.

In addition to the Abyssal Roar Abyss where they were currently located, there were many other eerie existences.

This severed palm was discovered by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance in a certain maze outside the devouring elemental mist.

It seemed to have drifted here after passing through numerous barriers of white mist.

After some research, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance discovered that this severed palm was actually the corpse of a fallen powerhouse.

The cultivation technique of this unidentified powerhouse was extremely unique. After his death, his body not only did not decay but instead became like green stone.

Extremely hard, able to withstand various magical attacks without any effect.

Moreover, it was naturally able to resist the erosion of the devouring elemental white mist.

In the spirit of making the most of everything, after decades of transformation, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance finally succeeded in using it as a basis to build a fortress that could freely navigate through the white mist.

…

“Alright, there’s no need to be surprised. He’s just a fallen ancient celestial lord. Even if he was powerful in the past, isn’t he just a tool for us now?”

When Xue Mu was shocked once again, the voice of Ji Hongdao rang out.

“Ancient Celestial Lord?”

“Eternal… Celestial Lord?”

Ji Hongdao’s indifferent words didn’t make Xue Mu’s shock disappear, but instead made him more horrified.

He couldn’t help but exclaim.

Not only him, but all the other cultivators who arrived on the deck one after another and heard this for the first time were shocked one after another.

“Even the Eternal Celestial Lord can fall?”

Some cultivators couldn’t help but ask in confusion.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 353: Using All Living Beings as Material


“The Longevity Immortal, not the Eternal Life Immortal. Naturally, they would fall.”

Ji Hongdao shook his head, lightly smiling.

“Moreover, the owner of this broken blue stone palm is none other than the Ancient Immortal who achieved the position of Longevity Immortal through ancient methods.”

“Achieving the position of Longevity Immortal through ancient methods is not as harsh as it is today, requiring the understanding of the principles of heaven and earth.”

“Strength naturally weakens considerably.”

“Being killed by someone, encountering calamity and perishing, all are possible.”

Without leaving much time for the cultivators present to be shocked, Ji Hongdao seemed to only mention a trivial matter, then proceeded to instruct: “This mission is urgent, there isn’t much time for rest. Today, Emperor Fu and Shangguan will familiarize everyone with the precautions within the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.”

“We will officially begin construction tomorrow.”

“In the first phase of the mission, outside the Abyss of Roars, we will construct the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array.”

“After we have completed the migration of the newly discovered maze, we will rush to construct the second Locking Spirit Array.”“Once the two locations are built, we can return.”

“Oh yes…”

Ji Hongdao paused, then took out a small Tianxuan Mirror from his bosom, projecting a beam of light above everyone’s heads.

“Let me tell you, the mass distribution of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array has officially begun.”

“Although most of you are not participating in the competition, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will not let your hard work go to waste.”

“Escort, transport, cooperation, every effort will be meticulously recorded and transformed into points. When the final Great Array is built, these points can be used to exchange for techniques and treasures within the alliance.”

“Moreover, the construction of each Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array will be considered a meritorious task of the highest rank.”

“Once the formation is completed, rewards corresponding to the contributions will be given out.”

“Real-time distribution, no delay.”

Before Ji Hongdao finished speaking, the cultivators present were already in an uproar.

Evidently, they had just learned of this news as well.

Tasks of the highest rank are usually extremely dangerous and difficult.

Ordinary cultivators have no hope of completing them.

And now, as long as they diligently construct the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array, they can obtain them.

How could this not drive them crazy.

Ji Hongdao smiled faintly: “Everyone, do you want to obtain techniques, to elevate your authority level?”

“This time, it’s truly a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.”

“If you miss this, I’m afraid in the future, the price to obtain equivalent rewards will be several times more.”

“So, please work hard.”

In the midst of the excitement, Li Fan looked at the light list in the sky.

Perhaps because the competition had just begun, the gap had not yet widened.

The list above was constantly changing, indicating the fierce competition.

There were a total of 783 names on the list.

The names were very familiar, all of them were students who participated in the special training at the Universal Branch Academy.

Apart from Li Fan and Xue Mu, who bottomed out with zero points, there was also a Foundation Establishment cultivator named Guo Yezhong who hadn’t formally participated in the formation construction for some reason.

“Alright, for now, put away your excitement. Save your energy for tomorrow.”

After a while, seeing that the atmosphere had calmed down, Ji Hongdao continued.

“After disembarking, make sure to carry this Ink Death Token with you. Even within this Eternal Immortal Stronghold, you must do so. Remember that.”

“Starting tomorrow, there will also be cultivators stationed in the stronghold to accompany you to prevent the Abyssal Sonic Waves.”

“The specifics will be explained by Emperor Fu and Shangguan.”

With that said, Ji Hongdao waved his hand, and hundreds of tokens with black light swirling on their surface appeared in the sky like lightning bolts.

Then each flew to the cultivators present.

Li Fan touched it with his hand, and the Ink Death Token instantly turned into a black line, lurking around his left wrist.

Before he could thoroughly inspect it, urged by Emperor Fu Song, they left the Dust Ferry and temporarily settled in the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.

The stronghold was indeed the front line against the Roars of the Abyss, almost self-sufficient.

Facilities commonly seen in ordinary provincial cities were all available here.

Apart from the inability to teleport, there was even a Tianxuan Mirror present.

However, where Li Fan and the others lived was only the outermost part of the stronghold. Judging from the size he had seen before, it probably occupied no more than a section of a finger.

If they wanted to go deeper, they would be stopped by cultivators wearing green clothes.

…

Just as the cultivators were strolling around the stronghold.

On the Dust Ferry.

Ji Hongdao was still standing at the bow of the ship, looking at the scenery inside the Broken Palm Building.

A distorted figure, like a ghost, suddenly appeared behind him.

“Still using enticing means, don’t you know how to come up with something new?” The figure spoke arrogantly, full of disdain.

Ji Hongdao seemed unsurprised by his appearance, not even turning his head, just calmly saying, “Old-fashioned, but effective.”

“Isn’t it?”

“Among all cultivators in the world, who can truly resist great benefits placed before them without being tempted?”

“Even someone as ‘noble’ as you, Shaojun, if there were no gains to be had, how could you willingly guard the Abyss of Roars for decades without moving an inch?”

Shaojun snorted coldly, not retorting.

After a moment of silence, he spoke up: “Being able to gain something from the abyss is my skill. Why don’t you let others try?”

“I won’t mention the merits of guarding such a dangerous place.”

“Why do we even need to construct the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array on our side now?”

“You and I are both well aware of what it is.”

“We cultivators…”

Ji Hongdao suddenly turned around, his expression unprecedentedly serious, staring at Shaojun.

Shaojun’s words also stopped abruptly.

“The Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array is the trend of the times,” Ji Hongdao emphasized each word, “Anyone who dares to oppose it is on a path of death.”

“I advise you, Shaojun, not to attempt to challenge the will of the Law Transmitters.”

Seeing Shaojun still looking displeased, Ji Hongdao sighed and persuaded, “The situation is urgent now, to the point where there is no time to lose.”

“For some reason, the heavens and earth suddenly lifted the restrictions on cultivation, seemingly throwing caution to the wind, as if they want us all to perish together.”

“At the Five Elders’ side, after numerous attempts, they still couldn’t locate the whereabouts of the Law Transmitter. They are getting restless.”

“The Law Transmitters have also observed signs of the reversal of the principles of heaven and earth.”

“What that signifies, I believe you are well aware.”

“At this moment, only with the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array, using the lives of half the creatures in the Xuanhuang Realm as materials, can we get through this difficult time.”

“Then we can slowly search for a way out of this predicament.”

Shaojun obviously couldn’t accept Ji Hongdao’s words.

He retorted, “Using all living beings as ants, how do you know you’re not one yourself?”

Ji Hongdao shrugged it off, “We are naturally above all living beings.”

Shaojun snorted coldly, “Perhaps.”

“Let’s wait and see.”

With that, his figure shook and disappeared.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 354: Formation Building Difficulty


Ji Hongdao seemed oblivious to the disappearance of the other party and continued on as if talking to himself, “What Young Master should be concerned about is simply being trapped within the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array, nothing more.”

“In terms of safety, there’s no need to worry.”

“As the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has always proclaimed, cultivators who have achieved Dao Integration have already surpassed the capabilities of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array.”

“With Young Master’s strength, you shouldn’t feel fearful towards a mere array, right?”

“If a bit of freedom can be exchanged for sufficient benefits, I believe Young Master would be more than willing.”

“Beneath the abyss, beyond the mist, isn’t Young Master curious about what lies there?”

After Ji Hongdao finished speaking, the distorted figure of the Young Master reappeared on the Dust Crossing Boat.

Without a word, he just stared coldly at Ji Hongdao, waiting for his next words.

Ji Hongdao wasn’t surprised by his departure and return, “Once the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array is fully constructed, the Tianxuan Mirror will also undergo another refinement.”

“By then, there might be a great chance to resolve the unfinished matters from two hundred years ago.”“Furthermore, if the refined Tianxuan Mirror wants to advance further, apart from encroaching on the territory of the Five Elders Council, it will inevitably explore beyond the boundaries.”

“As a breakthrough point, the Devouring Origin White Mist will naturally not give up easily.”

“As long as it expends its energy, the Devouring Origin White Mist will surely be unable to stop it. It’s just a matter of how much time it will take.”

“What Young Master needs to do is to patiently wait.”

“So many years have passed, does it matter now?”

Young Master seemed unaffected by Ji Hongdao’s words, his voice tinged with sarcasm, “Ji Hongdao, you really haven’t changed at all.”

Without waiting for a response, his figure disappeared once again.

Ji Hongdao slowly turned his head, looking back at the busy cultivators within the distant immortal stronghold, a faint smile playing on his lips.

…

The next day, Li Fan’s arduous task of commanding the construction within the Devouring Abyss officially began.

Aside from Xue Mu, the formation masters responsible for collaborating to construct the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array included five cultivators from the Tianyu Province Formation Pavilion.

Unlike in ordinary provinces where they only needed to consider the construction of the array, here, outside the Devouring Abyss, building the Locking Spirit Array was extremely challenging and required the combined efforts of multiple departments.

First, the garrison stationed at the Eternal Immortal Stronghold, known as the “Azure Mystery,” under layers of protection, painstakingly carved out a blank passage in the white mist where formations could be laid.

Subsequently, cultivators from the Tianji Pavilion stepped forward to select suitable positions within the passage.

Cultivators from the Martial Hall, in coordination with the Azure Mystery garrison, swiftly constructed dozens of footholds before reclaiming lost territory within the white mist.

These footholds became resting places for Li Fan and his group after each formation deployment.

In order to increase construction efficiency, at the suggestion of the experienced formation master Dou Xingsi, the Locking Spirit Array enveloping the Devouring Abyss adopted a method of simultaneous construction with multiple points of blossoming.

The seven formation masters each began expanding outward from a different direction, eventually converging the outer perimeter formations.

Then, they constructed the central core formation inward.

Finally, after everything was completed, they placed the central formation pivot and performed the final debugging.

The plan had no major issues, but the actual construction process was extremely arduous.

Even Li Fan, known for his toughness, was almost exhausted by the process of building the formation.

For instance, in order to set up formation nodes within the white mist, the Devouring Origin White Mist had to be expelled first.

The vacuum zones created by the Azure Mystery army were not sustainable.

Before the white mist returned, Li Fan had to race against time to complete the production of a small formation node, which would later connect to other formation structures.

If a mistake or accident resulted in only half-finished work within the designated time, Li Fan had no choice but to temporarily retreat in the face of the surging Devouring Origin White Mist.

It was as if all previous efforts had been in vain, and they would have to start over again next time.

Furthermore, the previously constructed formation nodes, submerged in the thick white mist, would require Li Fan to risk his life, accompanied by several cultivators, to venture into the mist for inspection if any maintenance was needed.

Not to mention, throughout the entire process, they had to constantly guard against the invasion of the Abyssal Demonic Sounds.

Most of the time, the eruption of Demonic Sounds followed a tidal pattern, with a predictable rhythm provided by the Azure Mystery army to allow Li Fan and his team to evade.

However, there were also unexpected situations where a sudden surge of Demonic Sounds occurred.

Although the position where Li Fan was constructing the formation was already outside the Devouring Abyss, the Demonic Sounds passed through the Eternal Immortal Stronghold, and most of their power had been absorbed.

But when facing a full-on onslaught of Demonic Sounds, Li Fan truly felt what it was like to be a flame extinguishing in a storm.

The resentful, sharp, and terrifying sounds surrounded him,

threatening to cloud his senses.

At one point, the danger was so severe that even the protective energy of Truth decreased by several percentage points.

Fortunately, the Azure Mystery army was professional in dealing with the Abyssal Demonic Sounds.

During these critical moments, they remained calm and composed.

They guarded Li Fan in the center while each took out treasures capable of devouring sound.

One such treasure was a peculiar black stone riddled with holes,

bearing only a faceless figure with two ears.

There were also green grasses that danced with the sound, among many other varieties.

Li Fan even encountered the red-haired exotic beasts from the Myriad Sound Island several times.

The effects were extremely significant.

Once activated, the overwhelming demonic sounds would immediately disappear.

However, Li Fan keenly observed that after devouring a certain amount of demonic sound, these exotic beasts and treasures seemed to undergo some kind of transformation.

The beasts became more restless and difficult to control, while the treasures occasionally emitted eerie sounds on their own.

Therefore, the Azure Mystery army generally replaced these treasures periodically.

When the reserves were depleted, they needed to replenish supplies at the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.

In addition to sound-suppressing treasures, there were also consumables like the “Black Death Talisman,” which sustained the stronghold and allowed cultivators to survive in the Devouring Origin White Mist.

If, for some reason, the provisioning was delayed, the construction would be forced to halt.

In short, constructing the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array within the vast white mist was many times more difficult than in ordinary provinces.

Perhaps for this reason, despite the slow progress, Li Fan’s ranking on the Gold List hadn’t fallen far behind.

But what was more eye-catching than the top performers was the last place among the seven hundred and eighty-three cultivators.

The Golden Core cultivator, Guo Yezhong.

It had been nearly a year since the official start of the Grand Competition, yet his score remained at zero, unmoving.

He was the only one on the entire list like this, making him stand out more than the first place.

Cultivators speculated one after another that Guo Yezhong either disappeared and was trapped somewhere or he had simply defected.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 355: Lost Anchor Point


Inside Anchor Point, Li Fan looked at the golden list projected by the Tianxuan Mirror.

「This Guo Yezhong is quite an interesting character. If there isn’t a special reason, then he’s blatantly causing trouble under everyone’s gaze. This is practically slapping the face of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

Recalling the ordinary appearance of Guo Yezhong during the initial training, Li Fan couldn’t help but marvel.

“If he still has zero points at the end of the competition, I’ll respect him as a man.”

Once again, a faint murmuring of resentment echoed in his ears, something Li Fan had grown accustomed to over the past year.

He calmly lit a glass lamp inside the room, and eerie black flames illuminated, instantly dissipating the abyssal noise.

“This Silencing Glass Lamp is really useful,” Li Fan couldn’t help but praise.

The Silencing Glass Lamp, a new type of sound-suppressing treasure delivered by the Martial Hall two months ago.

Hailing from the Western Ethereal Province.

After igniting the Silencing Cord within the lamp, it emitted black flames that turned all surrounding sounds into nothingness.Simple to use, with outstanding effects.

Moreover, unlike other treasures that absorb demonic sounds, it doesn’t risk mutation after prolonged exposure.

This lamp remains unaffected until it burns out completely. It can be extinguished when not in use, extending its lifespan.

Among all sound-suppressing treasures, the Silencing Glass Lamp is the most outstanding.

Unfortunately, it’s said that the critical component, the Silencing Cord, requires special craftsmanship, making production cycles long and extremely precious.

So only Li Fan, Xue Mu, and other array masters would carry it with them.

Under the Qingxuan Army, it’s only brought out in times of crisis.

However, Li Fan lighting the Silencing Glass Lamp at this moment isn’t extravagant.

Since fifteen days ago, when the sudden surge of abyssal sounds erupted, this Anchor Point, along with other points and the Eternal Immortal Stronghold, lost contact.

Communication talismans, spell transmissions, and even the Tianxuan Mirror couldn’t connect with the outside world.

In fact, the list Li Fan lazily glanced at just now was frozen data from before the surge erupted.

According to the Qingxuan veteran and Yuanying cultivator Cold Yingyi, the strength of this surge is unprecedented, occurring once every hundred years.

Based on Cold Yingyi’s experience, the duration of the abyssal surge is almost directly proportional to its power.

The sudden eruption of the surge was beyond everyone’s expectations.

The resources within the point, including the vital **Black Death Talisman** that sustains survival in the devouring white mist, are running low and need timely replenishment.

So, Cold Yingyi, along with three subordinates, braving the risk of falling, returned to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold to seek supplies during the empty period after the abyssal surge erupted.

However, they haven’t returned yet.

Although Li Fan was a bit puzzled why he encountered the once-in-a-century abyssal surge.

But according to the current situation, the point is still relatively safe, so there’s no need to panic.

It’s just that under the dual influence of the surge and the white mist, not only communication but even spiritual energy has become chaotic.

Unable to concentrate, forcing cultivation would cause irregular movement of spiritual energy in the body, damaging Qi and blood.

Unable to cultivate, even the diligent Li Fan became idle.

He had also tried to perform rituals to enter the Fallen Immortal Realm.

However, the connection with the realm is too weak within this white mist.

Several attempts failed, leaving Li Fan dizzy and shaken.

So he had no choice but to give up.

The only way to pass the time is to chat with other cultivators in the point.

However, as time passes, seeing the dwindling resources in the point and no sign of Cold Yingyi’s return, everyone’s mood becomes heavy, and idle chatter gradually diminishes.

The black flames flicker and dance incessantly.

Casting a somewhat gloomy shadow on Li Fan’s face.

“Could it be that this world is coming to an end right here?”

After staring blankly for a long time, such thoughts occasionally pop into his mind.

He takes a deep breath, habitually activates the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra, suppressing stray thoughts.

With nothing else to do, Li Fan decides to devote all his attention to practicing this refining mantra.

Ever since reaching the Qi Condensation Stage, although he had turned the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra into a breathing-like instinct,

There’s still a difference between wholeheartedly comprehending and instinctively practicing.

At this moment, it’s also the first time in a long time that Li Fan earnestly practices the refining mantra.

When he was still a mortal, the Clear Heart Mantra was his hope to break the barrier between mortal and immortal.

So he could endure sleepless nights and persevere in bitter cultivation for years.

But when he broke through to the Foundation Establishment Stage, and the Clear Heart Mantra transformed into the Refining Heart Mantra,

Its effectiveness became somewhat questionable.

Unable to elevate even a shred of cultivation, its apparent function is only to suppress and crush the miscellaneous thoughts in the mind.

In today’s cultivation world, where character isn’t highly valued, it’s almost useless.

Moreover, Li Fan’s willpower is exceptionally strong, and he hardly ever encounters mental disturbances.

So for Li Fan, the efficacy of the Refining Heart Mantra is almost negligible.

If it weren’t for his intuition and the ranking of the Refining Heart Mantra as the first technique in the Anchor Point panel, it indirectly indicated the value of the mantra,

Li Fan might have abandoned it long ago.

After all, no matter how powerful a dragon-slaying technique is, if there are no dragons in the world, it’s just a useless skill, not worth wasting time on.

“Refine the heart, refine the heart.”

“How to refine, I already know like the back of my hand.”

“But what to refine into, what’s the ultimate goal, I have no clue.”

“Perhaps this is why my progress in practicing the Refining Heart Mantra has always been inconsistent over the years.”

“What am I refining for?”

…

This question may be too profound.

Even Li Fan, who considers himself to have decent insight, momentarily fell into a dilemma.

Time passes slowly in this process.

There are limited effects to fumbling in the dark.

On the thirty-sixth day after the eruption of the abyssal surge, Li Fan, who had been unable to find an answer, temporarily stopped practicing.

He simply strolled around the point, listening, observing, feeling, and contemplating.

Compared to a dozen days ago, changes quietly occurred within the Anchor Point in a short period of time.

The enclosed environment, the unknown future, the occasional onslaught of abyssal sounds.

The gradually depleting survival resources.

As the cultivators in the point lived through each day feeling like years, an inexplicable emotion began to slowly breed in their hearts.

Although it hasn’t reached the point of complete despair yet, Li Fan, who can see through people’s hearts, was the first to sense it.

“Apart from me, three Yuanying stage cultivators, six Foundation Establishment stage cultivators.”

“My strength is the weakest, but if I play the pig to eat the tiger, sit back and reap the benefits, it shouldn’t be a problem in the end.”

This was the thought that first popped into Li Fan’s mind.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 356: Reversing the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra


But then, as Li Fan sought answers regarding heart refinement, a flash of insight crossed his mind.

A clarity emerged, observing like a passerby, analyzing with reason.

“Is this my instinct?”

“Facing such a crisis, some might choose to risk entering the white mist, seeking a slim chance of survival within the dire situation.”

“Some might opt to kill their allies to strengthen themselves, using scheming methods to eliminate others first.”

“While some would rather die than harm their companions.”

“And I, subconsciously, choose to hide and wait, silently reaping the benefits after others finish their strife.”

“…”

“This is the optimal strategy based on the current situation, also influenced by my past experiences.”

“Each person’s choice is different. In my view, there’s no superiority or inferiority in character.”“This is the essence of human nature.”

“Heart refinement, heart refinement…”

Li Fan pondered, murmuring to himself.

Forgetful of the imminent crisis outside the stronghold of Anchorage, forgetting the impending peril within the stronghold.

As if ensnared in a trance, completely immersed in thoughts, not even the minor assaults of the demonic sounds could affect him.

Time passed swiftly in Li Fan’s contemplation.

Thus, it was the fiftieth day after the outbreak of the upheaval.

Leng Yingyi still hadn’t returned, striving to prolong her endurance as much as possible.

After discussion, the group decided to abandon most of the area within Anchorage.

Only retaining some basic structures.

This way, the consumption rate of the Annihilation Black Light could be reduced by nearly half.

Although the area for activity decreased significantly.

Compared to having more time alive, squeezing a bit was insignificant.

But the once familiar group now seemed slightly more guarded towards each other.

They maintained a courteous facade outwardly, but what they were truly thinking remained known only to themselves.

Undercurrents surged, hidden intentions lurked.

When Li Fan noticed the gradually unsettling atmosphere, he finally began to awaken from his daze under the instinctual alertness of his body.

With a slight sweep of his senses, Li Fan understood the current situation.

From ancient times to the present, such a scenario of being trapped in a dilemma, mutually killing for survival, was not uncommon.

Even Li Fan himself, upon understanding his current predicament, felt the emergence of killing intent.

This killing intent was his own will.

Not belonging to distractions, even the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra couldn’t eliminate it.

Li Fan carefully pondered the incessant thoughts surging in his mind.

“Survival is a human instinct. Killing for survival is following one’s will.”

“Following one’s will, following one’s will…”

Suddenly, Li Fan’s mind froze, repeatedly chanting this phrase inwardly.

After a long while, a strange light flashed in his eyes.

“Heart refinement, heart refinement. Always smooth sailing, how can it truly refine the heart?”

“To refine the Dao heart, perhaps one needs to endure adversity.”

“Adversity, opposition…”

As if lightning piercing through the mist, in an instant, Li Fan understood something.

“To attain longevity, one must defy the laws of heaven and earth.”

“And to refine the Dao heart…”

“One must defy one’s true intentions.”

“Perhaps I’ve been cultivating wrongly all this time.”

Li Fan’s eyes gradually brightened.

“To act as one pleases, to shatter all distractions, at best, it only reaches the level of the Clear Heart Mantra.”

“To truly cultivate the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra, one must refine the heart itself.”

“To resist one’s instinctual choices?”

At this thought, Li Fan felt a sudden clarity, sweeping away the knots in his heart.

The operation of the Heart Refinement Mantra became several times faster than before.

“It seems my accidental speculation was indeed correct.”

“Reversing the Dao heart refinement.”

“This method of cultivation is quite peculiar indeed.”

“In this crisis of Anchorage, if one wants to refine the heart through this method, they cannot act according to their instinctual thoughts.”

“It’s best to do the opposite.”

“The greater the difference from one’s true intentions, the more torment one’s heart endures, and the more remarkable the effects of the Heart Refinement Mantra cultivation.”

“So the best choice should be…”

Li Fan’s thoughts swiftly turned, and in an instant, he made a decision.

And the Heart Refinement Mantra, operating smoothly without hindrance, affirmed his speculation.

“However, is it worth it to do so?”

“In the evaluation of the Anchor Point, the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra is still below the Cloud Water Illusion Technique…”

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan made a decision.

Not long after, in the conference hall of Anchorage Base.

Li Fan convened the crowd and raised his doubts.

“Feasibility of forcibly returning to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold? Master Li, why do you ask about this?” questioned He Chen, a guardian soldier from the Qingxuan Sect, with some confusion.

However, he immediately realized and thought Li Fan wanted to send someone for help again.

His expression turned slightly unpleasant, but he truthfully replied, “In recent days, not only has the Annihilation Black Light shown no signs of weakening, but it has also been escalating.”

“With our current strength, if we want to cross the white mist amidst the Annihilation Black Light, I’m afraid…”

He Chen shook his head repeatedly.

Another cultivator named Kong Yu from the Martial Hall also directly negated, “Absolutely not!”

“I know the strength of Captain Leng. If even she failed to seek help, we have no chance of success. It’s better to wait until the Annihilation Black Light weakens before making a decision.”

The others also advised one after another.

“Let’s wait a little longer. Maybe Captain Leng will return soon?”

“Yeah, Master Li, it’s better not to make decisions hastily. As they say, there’s strength in numbers. Although our manpower in the stronghold is limited, we can still support each other. If we split up, once we encounter any unforeseen circumstances, we might be at a disadvantage!”

…

Even cultivators within the base who cooperated in the construction of the formation, even if they were in the Foundation Establishment Stage, still addressed Li Fan as “Master.”

Although Li Fan had always claimed that his proficiency in formations was ordinary and he didn’t deserve the title of “Master,” he vehemently declined.

But it couldn’t change the way these people addressed him.

Over time, he could only silently accept it.

At this moment, seeing that all the cultivators had opposing opinions, Li Fan secretly thought, “Actually, my thoughts are the same as yours, but unfortunately, I have to conduct an experiment.”

“I can only go against the grain.”

But he didn’t argue with them, just waited until everyone quieted down, then looked at them seriously.

When the cultivators began to avoid his gaze, Li Fan spoke slowly, “Gentlemen, let’s be frank. Before the Annihilation Black Light, a round trip from Anchorage Base to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold took only two or three days.”

“Even with the current terrifying situation, it’s extremely difficult. If everything goes smoothly, the round trip would take at most ten days.”

“If Captain Leng doesn’t return soon, the result might be some mishap, with little hope of survival.”

“For us cultivators, struggling between life and death is common. There’s no need to be taboo about it.”

“However…”

Li Fan paused slightly, attracting the attention of all the cultivators.

With a solemn expression, he said, “We are all brothers and sisters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. If we die in a battle with the Five Elders’ Union, it can be considered a fitting end without regrets.”

“But if we perish in mutual slaughter, I’m afraid I won’t rest in peace.”

“To avoid such a situation, I believe we should seek help from the Eternal Immortal Stronghold again before our supplies run out.”

“Just as the brothers of the Qingxuan Sect said, this sudden attack by the Annihilation Black Light is unprecedented in intensity. The Eternal Immortal Stronghold is probably too busy to send reinforcements now.”

“In a dire situation, waiting to die is not as good as taking a chance.”

Li Fan’s words were resolute, but the cultivators present showed strange expressions upon hearing them.

Everyone understands the reasoning, but the strongest within Anchorage Base, Captain Leng Yingyi, has already encountered unexpected events within this Annihilation Black Light.

Who can guarantee that they can accomplish what even Leng Yingyi couldn’t?

Staying inside the base, one can still eke out a living and survive a while longer.

But once outside the base, facing the white mist and the black tide, it’s likely an immediate death sentence.

What you, Li Fan, are saying so resolutely, isn’t it an attempt to incite us to our deaths?

Could it be that you would risk your life and personally take action?

All the cultivators present thought so.

However, it hadn’t reached the point of open confrontation yet. They glanced at each other, and Kong Yu cleared his throat, intending to persuade again.

However, what Li Fan said next made them all stand up in astonishment.

“Captain Leng, in order to protect us all, has probably already perished within the Annihilation Black Light.”

“I have long been hesitant.”

“I also know seeking help is extremely perilous. If any of you were to fall because of me, I would be even more ashamed to face everyone.”

“Alone, I will go to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold to seek help.”

“If I don’t die, I will surely find a way for you all!”

Li Fan’s words were decisive, his expression determined.

Kong Yu, He Chen, and others never expected this young formation master to make such a decision.

They looked at each other, doubting if they had misheard.

But seeing Li Fan’s firm gaze and expression, they had no more doubts and were instead shocked.

As the master who built the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation, Li Fan, although only in the Foundation Establishment Stage, held the highest position within Anchorage Base.

Because all the cultivators present, whether from the Qingxuan Sect or other departments like the Martial Hall, came here to assist Li Fan in building the formation.

If he were to insist on sending out more cultivators for help, citing “the construction of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation cannot be delayed, and if I were to fall, it would inevitably delay the progress of the formation,” then in the end, most of them would have to comply.

But now, he didn’t do that.

Instead, he voluntarily took on this almost suicidal mission to seek a way out for everyone.

Putting personal life and death aside, selflessly…

Is there really such a person in the world?

Isn’t this what the sages of ancient times were like?

After spending so much time with him before, they couldn’t believe they hadn’t noticed?!

It seems that only in times of life and death can one see a person’s true nature.

And as they recalled their own despicable thoughts, they couldn’t help but feel ashamed.

Under this self-reproach, they earnestly tried to persuade him.

“Master Li, why go this far! Although the situation is dire, it’s not to the point where you need to risk everything.”

“Yes, Master, please think twice. Dealing with both the Annihilation Black Light and the white mist is too dangerous! The odds are against you!”

…

Facing everyone’s dissuasion, Li Fan resolutely said, “My mind is made up, you needn’t say more.”

“You’ve been in the Abyss of Roaring Depths for years, so you have rich experience in surviving amidst the Annihilation Black Light and the white mist. If you really care, why not tell me all the precautions I need to take on the road, so I have a better chance of coming back alive?”

Li Fan said nonchalantly.

The others pretended to be reserved and tried to persuade him again, but seeing that they couldn’t change Li Fan’s determination, they could only sigh.

While feeling relieved, they also eagerly shared their survival experiences in the Abyss of Roaring Depths.

Li Fan listened attentively and remembered them all.

Then, carrying the supplies needed to survive twenty days alone in the white mist, under the reluctant gazes of everyone, he set foot on the lonely road to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.

It is worth mentioning that perhaps moved by Li Fan’s righteousness, He Chen, a guardian soldier from the Qingxuan Sect, decided to accompany him.

However, after praising the other’s noble intentions, Li Fan still refused his kindness.

In the other’s eyes full of admiration and touched emotions, Li Fan put on the Annihilation Black Light symbol, identified the position of the Broken Palm Immortal City in the vast white mist, and turned into a stream of light, disappearing into it.

The other cultivators in Anchorage Base watched Li Fan’s disappearing figure, their faces showing various expressions.

“I never expected that in today’s cultivation world, there would still be such a person of high integrity. It’s truly embarrassing for us.”

“I’ve lived for three hundred and forty-eight years. It’s only today that I’ve seen such a person, which is a great regret.”

“If Master Li doesn’t die, from now on, I will surely look up to him.”

…

After a moment of silence, everyone couldn’t help but express their heartfelt admiration.

“Hmph!”

Only He Chen looked disdainful, gave everyone a disdainful look, and left in a huff.

The faces of the others were more or less embarrassed.

Like birds and beasts dispersing.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 357: New Domain Beyond the Abyss


“Fearless in the face of death, sacrificing oneself for others?”

“If it weren’t for my 【Truth】, the ability to start anew at any time, I would never make such a choice!”

“It truly leaves a sour taste in one’s heart!”

In the vast sea of mist, Li Fan deployed the Purple Sky Divine Thunder Escape, transforming into a purple stream of light, swiftly heading towards the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.

The stifling and depressive feeling lingered in his heart for a long time.

And the previously unstoppable Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra unexpectedly operated extremely slowly.

It was like a heavy millstone, sucking in the inner thoughts and slowly grinding them away.

Unlike before, where Li Fan’s incorrect cultivation methods would ruthlessly crush everything.

At this moment, the Heart Refinement Mantra refined these rebellious emotions generated from going against the Dao Heart, transforming them into strands of coolness that flowed into Li Fan’s body and mind, nourishing him.

The cool sensation slightly relieved his restless mood.Reversing the Dao Heart is actually actively seeking the ‘Difficulty in Understanding the Mind’.

This naturally made Li Fan, who had always been willful, feel extremely uncomfortable.

Fortunately, the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra did not disappoint Li Fan.

Sensing the effect of the coolness on his body, Li Fan’s mind suddenly shook.

“This feeling…”

“It’s so similar to when I took the 【Mind Horse】 back then?!”

“Before, the Clear Mind Mantra could strengthen the divine sense, and now the correct cultivation of the Heart Refinement Mantra can actually strengthen the soul?”

Li Fan’s heart was suddenly filled with waves of shock.

“No wonder its cultivation level is even higher than the Cloud Water Dream Technique, which is a Dao Integration level technique.”

“Methods that strengthen the divine sense, I’ve seen one or two of them in the special exchange list of merits in the Tianxuan Mirror.”

“But those that can strengthen the soul…”

“It’s truly unheard of.”

The soul is internal, and the divine sense is external.

If the soul becomes stronger, the divine sense will naturally also become stronger.

The divine sense is like muscles, which can be continuously strengthened through postnatal training and cultivation.

But the soul is like bones, predetermined at birth. Only when one’s own realm undergoes a breakthrough, which is almost a change in life form, or by using treasures like the 【Mind Horse】, can it be strengthened.

Initially, the Nascent Soul cultivator Zhang Zhiliang also said that the 【Mind Horse】 that can strengthen the soul is extremely precious.

However, as good as the Mind Horse is, its enhancement effect is limited.

But the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra’s enhancement of the soul has no apparent limit!

As long as one continues to reverse the Dao Heart, it seems that the soul can endlessly strengthen!

It’s worth noting that when the soul becomes strong enough, it can be directly used as a means of annihilation against enemies.

For example, the extremely terrifying Thousand-Faced Demon Ancestor officially announced by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, discarded his physical body and directly existed as a soul.

Relying on his powerful soul, he freely engaged in body snatching.

“As I cultivate the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra and continuously strengthen my soul, one day, even if the Thousand-Faced Demon Ancestor truly exists, he may not be my opponent.”

“Moreover…”

“【Truth】 and I are actually one. After each reincarnation, everything in the world returns to the chosen anchor point.”

“Only my changes remain.”

“Even if I choose to retain nothing, it’s still the same.”

“When I was still a mortal before, my will became stronger with each reincarnation. Eventually, I could even control the Taiyan Boat with a mortal body. This is the proof.”

“Willpower, soul…”

“Doesn’t this mean that everything in the world returns to its original state with each of my choices?”

“And my soul, on the other hand, continues to grow stronger.”

“One day, even if I choose not to retain my cultivation, just relying on a powerful soul would be enough to crush everything?”

The more he thought about it, the more unbelievable Li Fan felt.

“The Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra can be called a heaven-defying technique, yet it’s hidden within the commonplace Xuanhuang Clear Mind Mantra?”

“What is this…”

Instinctively, Li Fan felt that there must be some conspiracy hidden within.

With doubts in his mind, after some struggle, Li Fan still decided to continue cultivating.

“With such a technique right in front of me, I simply can’t give it up.”

“Even if there are any tricks, the enhancement of my soul is real.”

“If the hidden hand behind the scenes can truly ignore the influence of 【Truth】, then so be it.”

“If not, then no matter how many schemes there are, they are useless in front of 【Truth】.”

With a decision made in his heart, Li Fan suddenly felt relieved.

The actual effect of the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra far exceeded his expectations.

“But this method of reversing the Dao Heart is somewhat torturous.”

Li Fan vaguely felt that it’s not as simple as saying things that contradict the Dao Heart to cultivate.

One must integrate knowledge and action, actively acting against the Dao Heart.

Only then can it be turned into nourishment for the soul.

This is also why he ventured alone into the white mist.

“For others, the combination of the Demon Tide and the Devouring Origin White Mist is indeed extremely dangerous, a place where one might risk their life.”

“Whether facing the white mist or the demon sounds, if I really encounter any fatal danger, I have time to calmly activate 【Truth】.”

“Overall, the benefits of this choice far outweigh the risks.”

“Instead, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance territory, which seems to have no risk at ordinary times, is fraught with danger if one wants to reverse the Dao Heart.”

“If one is careless, they may provoke the existence of Dao Integration level experts.”

As Li Fan pondered, he flew towards his destination.

With the Black Death Symbol protecting him, keeping the Devouring Origin White Mist at bay, Li Fan’s only concern was the occasional assault of the Demon Tide.

Whenever murmurs and whispers reached his ears, as a precaution, Li Fan would stop flying.

He would then light the Extinction Luminous Lamp and wait for the demon sounds to weaken before setting off again.

Although surrounded by dangers, under Li Fan’s cautious approach, he proceeded safely all the way.

Soon, Li Fan had been flying in the white mist for more than two days.

The Five Elements power within his body formed a unity, so he didn’t have to worry about spiritual power depletion.

However, Li Fan’s expression gradually became serious.

“If the threat is only at this level, Lengyingyi couldn’t possibly have an accident.”

“What has he encountered by delaying his return?”

“And where is this increasing sense of unease in my heart coming from?”

Li Fan gradually became vigilant, releasing his divine sense to probe the surroundings.

However, within the fog sea devoid of the Demon Tide, it was silent.

After searching for a long time, he still couldn’t find the source of the threat.

Li Fan could only adapt and continue flying towards the direction he sensed Eternal Immortal Stronghold.

Two more days passed like this.

Li Fan, who was flying swiftly, suddenly stopped.

His face turned unsightly.

“Finally, I understand why Lengyingyi hasn’t returned. So that’s it.”

At his speed, flying intermittently.

Originally, it should have taken no more than two days to reach the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.

But now, four days have passed since Li Fan left the Jiaxu Base.

In his perception, the Eternal Immortal Stronghold is indeed not far ahead.

However…

Despite the short distance, no matter how he flies, he can’t cross it.

“Clearly it seems to be just a short distance away, but it’s like a heavenly chasm that I can’t cross. We call these locations within the white fog barrier ‘Maze’.”

Huangfu Song’s words echoed in Li Fan’s ears.

He temporarily gave up flying and stood in the void, his expression changing constantly.

“Unbeknownst to anyone, a maze has unwittingly formed on the path between the Jiaxu Base and the Eternal Immortal Stronghold beyond the Abyss.”

“Silent, and unknown.”

“Lengyingyi must have gotten lost in this maze.”

“Now, it’s the same for me.”

Looking ahead, Li Fan seemed to see a huge green stone palm not far away.

But he couldn’t reach it.

“A short distance but a world away…”

Li Fan sighed softly.

However, although he inadvertently fell into a desperate situation, Li Fan would not immediately use 【Truth】.

There are still many unfinished matters in this world, so giving up so easily would be a pity.

This also fits Li Fan’s character of never giving up until the Yellow River runs dry.

So Li Fan decided to see if he could find a way to cross this newly formed maze before his resources were depleted.

After all, a maze is ultimately just an extremely vast space.

It’s not an absolute deathtrap.

“`

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 358: Mist Covers the Cemetery


Li Fan recalled the various anecdotes about the maze that Emperor Fu Qi had recounted.

“Some are purely vast and boundless spaces, devoid of any other existence.”

“While some are like the Roaring Abyss, hiding many strange and dangerous things.”

“But everything is concealed in the vast white mist, and cultivators who mistakenly enter it are as blind as if their eyes were open, making it extremely difficult to perceive the whole picture.”

“The supplies I brought can last for about fifteen days. Whether I can cross this maze depends on the circumstances of my fate in this world.”

Gathering his thoughts, Li Fan did not continue to advance in the direction of the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.

Instead, he marked it as “front” and flew downward in the opposite direction.

In the usual White Mist Barrier, there is land present.

It’s just a flat and silent land, with no traces of any other life or structures.

Even normal undulations are rarely seen.It is said that walking on it will suppress the instinctive yearning for life in one’s heart, leading to various impulses of self-termination.

And the maze is an independent, entirely new space.

Whether there is a “bottom” depends on the specific situation of the maze.

The Roaring Abyss has no bottom in sight.

Li Fan must explore this maze to know.

As for why he went “down” instead of flying directly out of the maze…

That’s because Emperor Song had previously mentioned to Li Fan that entering the maze is equivalent to entering a boundless paradise.

It’s basically impossible to fly out of the maze by just flying.

Only by finding the connection between the maze and the normal space, the so-called “exit,” can one leave.

Let’s use the Roaring Abyss as an example.

Outside the city of Broken Palm Eternal, as long as a member of the Qingxuan Army accidentally falls into the abyss and enters its territory, even if it seems to be only at the edge of the abyss, just a step across can return them to safety.

But even with such a short distance, because they are not in the same space, even if one flies until death, they may not be able to cross.

Since the establishment of Broken Palm Immortal City, no cultivator who accidentally fell into the Roaring Abyss has been able to return alive.

So, generally speaking, the scenery near the maze is different, and as long as one approaches, even if it’s covered by white mist, it can still be sensed.

This is also where Li Fan’s hope lies for escape.

Operating the Purple Sky Escape Art with all his might, Li Fan continued to descend, and roughly half a day passed.

As Li Fan was flying, his expression suddenly changed.

Sensing with his divine sense, not far ahead of him and within reach, it seemed like something was blocking there.

However, in the devouring white mist, the distance of divine sense perception greatly decreased.

By the time he reacted, it was already too late to dodge, and he was about to collide head-on.

Two black lights shot out from Li Fan’s eyes.

Several times faster than his purple light body, they obliterated the hidden shadows in the white mist ahead.

Beneath the Great Five Elements Annihilation Sword, all obstacles turned into nothingness.

This also avoided the fate of Li Fan being knocked unconscious.

Only then did Li Fan slow down slightly, become vigilant, and cautiously approach.

After seeing what was blocking his path, Li Fan couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief.

It wasn’t some strange creature, but a section of collapsed, slanted building.

The center of the building was pierced by the Annihilation Sword, but the original appearance could still be vaguely seen.

The entire giant stone-structured tower, its decorations and doors, were still clearly visible.

Li Fan didn’t rush into this collapsed building but continued to fly downward.

Soon, he landed on the ground.

With a creak, it seemed like he stepped on something.

His divine sense swept over, and Li Fan’s heart tightened.

Because what he stepped on was unmistakably a living person!

Eyes glaring angrily, with a terrifying expression on his face, he stared at Li Fan!

“How can there be a living person in the maze?” This thought flashed through Li Fan’s mind in an instant, and his body instinctively reacted.

His figure retreated violently, and the Great Five Elements Annihilation Sword was unsheathed again.

However, just as he was on high alert, something that astonished Li Fan happened.

The “living person” he had just made contact with, under Li Fan’s gaze, made no movement at all.

His body just turned into gray particles and scattered all over the ground in an instant.

In just a breath’s time, the living person turned into flying ashes.

“Huh? Not a living person, but already dead?”

Li Fan frowned slightly.

Li Fan, who had rich tomb-raiding experience, was not unfamiliar with this scene.

Those ancient relics sealed for thousands of years, still vividly alive one moment.

But after contact with the outside world, they immediately lost their original appearance, becoming rotten beyond recognition.

And the situation in this maze was even worse.

They directly turned into smoke and disappeared completely.

“What exactly is this place…”

Without relaxing his vigilance, Li Fan carefully searched around.

The scene before him, even for Li Fan, who was accustomed to bloodshed, couldn’t help but feel scalp tingling.

Within a radius of a hundred meters, there were collapsed and damaged architectural ruins everywhere.

And in every corner of the ruins, many bodies lay scattered.

They still retained their appearance and expression from before their death.

As if they had seen something they deeply hated and feared, their faces were filled with despair and resentment.

Time froze at the moment of their death.

It’s as if a disaster suddenly struck, and everyone in the ruins lost their lives at the same time.

No wounds, no bloodstains.

But they died like this.

Just like when Li Fan accidentally stepped on that corpse earlier, as long as they had contact with this outsider Li Fan, they would turn into flying ashes in an instant and disappear completely.

What frightened Li Fan was that these people’s identities were obviously not ordinary.

The storage rings they wore and the various treasures they had just taken out but hadn’t had the chance to use all indicated their identity as cultivators.

However, in the face of the unknown existence, they could only wait for death powerless, just like ordinary people.

Li Fan approached one of the bodies, trying to remove the storage ring from his hand.

To see if he could find any clues about these inexplicably dead cultivators.

Unfortunately, it was the same with those corpses.

As soon as Li Fan touched them, they immediately dispersed into smoke and disappeared.

He tried several times, and the result was the same.

Li Fan had no choice but to give up.

Suppressing the chill in his heart, he continued to explore outward.

The scene remained unchanged.

The continuous ruins had become a giant cemetery.

Burying countless bodies that had died who knows how long ago.

So much so that Li Fan began to feel a bit numb.

He increased his flying speed and quickly rushed out of the range of these ruins.

“This seems to be some kind of gathering point. Some of these cultivators have similar clothes, while others are different.”

“Different sects, for some reason, have gathered here.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 359: Strange Turn of Events Mournful Echoes


Outside the remnants, finally, there was no trace of corpses.

Instead, there was desolation and silence.

Li Fan didn’t forget his objective. After briefly searching the remnants again without finding any useful information,

he marked the site, chose a direction, and flew off again, skimming the ground.

Two days later, Li Fan found a new ruin in the sea of mist.

The scale of this ruin was several times larger than the first one.

Correspondingly, the scene of countless corpses stacked was even more tragic.

The lively expressions on their faces made Li Fan feel like he was witnessing the scene firsthand.

Suppressing the agitation in his heart, Li Fan searched around as usual.

Although he didn’t find any valuable information, the corpses in the sea of corpses caught his attention.Most of the cultivators in the first and second ruins died instantly.

Apart from the expressions of terror and despair on their faces, they didn’t leave any information behind.

However, among so many people, there were still one or two whose cultivation was relatively stronger.

Before their deaths, they stared resentfully and unwillingly in a certain direction.

It seemed that the existence that took their lives was there.

Even after several years of death, they still maintained this posture.

This inadvertently pointed out the direction in the white mist for Li Fan.

So, Li Fan followed the instructions of the corpses and swiftly flew for a day, finding the third ruin.

Following the murderer’s path, Li Fan proceeded.

The fourth, fifth, sixth…

Until there was only enough supplies left to last three days.

Li Fan had encountered eleven ruins filled with corpses.

While rushing towards the twelfth ruin,

something strange happened.

He, who had been flying rapidly forward, unexpectedly returned to the eleventh ruin shortly after.

After finding the previous markings, Li Fan confirmed it wasn’t his illusion.

So, he set off again.

The result remained the same.

After circling around, he returned to the starting point.

Li Fan pondered for a moment, not panicking.

He attempted a third time.

This time, he slowed down, constantly sensing the direction of the eleventh ruin while flying.

Finally, he figured out what was going on.

When he reached a certain position during his flight,

he encountered something.

Making Li Fan’s forward direction, in an instant, and without any trace, turned into backward.

During the first two times, Li Fan was completely unaware, thinking he was still flying forward.

In reality, he had turned around.

Naturally, it didn’t take long for him to return to the original starting point.

At this moment, with a solemn expression, Li Fan stood in front of the area that brought about the change.

Entering it, his body position remained unchanged.

But the eleventh ruin, which he had sensed behind him, had somehow appeared in front of him unconsciously.

Li Fan furrowed his brow slightly, turned around, and flew backward, trying to distance himself from the eleventh ruin again.

But before long, the direction became confused again.

However, Li Fan already had experience and kept the eleventh ruin constantly behind him.

Constantly adjusting the direction, he moved forward.

After such twists and turns, and spending two more days, he finally arrived at the twelfth ruin.

This ruin was the largest in scale among all the ruins.

But on the periphery, there was no trace of corpses.

When things are abnormal, they are demonic.

Li Fan gathered his spirits and explored towards the center of the ruin.

All around was silent.

In this separate realm of the maze, even the demonic sounds from the abyss couldn’t reach.

Aside from the sounds he made himself, Li Fan hadn’t heard any other sounds for a long time.

But when Li Fan approached the center of the twelfth ruin, the sudden rustling noises made his hair stand on end.

Through the somehow thinner white mist, Li Fan saw on the ground not far away.

A cultivator lying face up, but with limbs strangely twisted downward.

The hands and feet were irregularly broken.

The toes and fingers were twisted together like twists.

But with these seemingly creepy limbs, the cultivator crawled slowly and painfully in circles.

Unflagging.

For who knows how long, it seemed like it would never stop.

Li Fan looked at the monster ahead, which had survived for an unknown amount of time in the white mist, his scalp tingling, his heart stopping suddenly.

Holding his breath, he slowly retreated.

However, the perception of this twisted monster seemed extremely sharp.

It immediately sensed the arrival of a stranger.

The drooping head snapped onto its belly with a click.

Then it turned directly one hundred and eighty degrees, using its face to stare tightly at Li Fan.

The face of the twisted monster fell into Li Fan’s eyes, instantly making his heart jump.

Making Li Fan’s forward direction, in an instant, and without any trace, turned into backward.

During the first two times, Li Fan was completely unaware, thinking he was still flying forward.

In reality, he had turned around.

Naturally, it didn’t take long for him to return to the original starting point.

At this moment, with a solemn expression, Li Fan stood in front of the area that brought about the change.

Entering it, his body position remained unchanged.

But the eleventh ruin, which he had sensed behind him, had somehow appeared in front of him unconsciously.

Li Fan furrowed his brow slightly, turned around, and flew backward, trying to distance himself from the eleventh ruin again.

But before long, the direction became confused again.

However, Li Fan already had experience and kept the eleventh ruin constantly behind him.

Constantly adjusting the direction, he moved forward.

After such twists and turns, and spending two more days, he finally arrived at the twelfth ruin.

This ruin was the largest in scale among all the ruins.

But on the periphery, there was no trace of corpses.

When things are abnormal, they are demonic.

Li Fan gathered his spirits and explored towards the center of the ruin.

All around was silent.

In this separate realm of the maze, even the demonic sounds from the abyss couldn’t reach.

Aside from the sounds he made himself, Li Fan hadn’t heard any other sounds for a long time.

But when Li Fan approached the center of the twelfth ruin, the sudden rustling noises made his hair stand on end.

Through the somehow thinner white mist, Li Fan saw on the ground not far away.

A cultivator lying face up, but with limbs strangely twisted downward.

The hands and feet were irregularly broken.

The toes and fingers were twisted together like twists.

But with these seemingly creepy limbs, the cultivator crawled slowly and painfully in circles.

Unflagging.

For who knows how long, it seemed like it would never stop.

Li Fan looked at the monster ahead, which had survived for an unknown amount of time in the white mist, his scalp tingling, his heart stopping suddenly.

Holding his breath, he slowly retreated.

However, the perception of this twisted monster seemed extremely sharp.

It immediately sensed the arrival of a stranger.

The drooping head snapped onto its belly with a click.

Then it turned directly one hundred and eighty degrees, using its face to stare tightly at Li Fan.

The face of the twisted monster fell into Li Fan’s eyes, instantly making his heart jump.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 360: The Original Culprit of the Tragedy


Thud! Thud! Thud!

It seemed that the mention of the words Heavenly Doctor from Li Fans mouth thoroughly triggered the emotions of the Twisted Monster. It forcefully banged its head against the ground repeatedly, creating cracks in the hard, desolate earth.

At the same time, it continuously emitted intermittent sobbing sounds, with blood tears streaming down its face.

Despite the monsters repulsive appearance, this scene unexpectedly made Li Fan feel a strange sense of pity for it. Did the Heavenly Doctor really commit the massacre here?

In an instant, an image of a kind, neighborly old man surfaced in Li Fans mind. On the surface, he appeared benevolent and kind, with a smiling face, but his actions were horrifying.

Li Fan felt a shiver of fear. He recalled the scene in the Yunshui Celestial Palace when the Qin Hall members howled in anger upon seeing the statue of the Heavenly Doctor. It seemed that the fall of the Yunshui Celestial Palace was indeed related to the Heavenly Doctor.

But where is this place? Why did it become a spatial fragment within the white mist barrier? And why did the Heavenly Doctor indiscriminately slaughter these cultivators?

Li Fan calmed his shock and looked at the Twisted Monster, still kowtowing incessantly. It had survived the Heavenly Doctors massacre and lived alone in this lost domain for so long. Li Fans proud Great Five Elements Extinction Sword couldnt even scratch its surface, indicating its immense strength.

Yet now, it seemed like a commoner suffering a great injustice, kneeling before Li Fan, who seemed like a just official.

As an official for many years, Li Fan was quite familiar with such scenes. Why was this happening? It was not because Li Fan was stronger than the Twisted Monster. InsteadDid it mistake me for someone else?

Yes, that must be it. As for why the Twisted Monster mistook me

In Li Fans limited reincarnations, this kind of mistake had happened once before. To verify his suspicion, Li Fan circulated his Golden Core and summoned a strand of Heavens Fiend Power, condensing it into a sword. Sure enough, the Twisted Monster became even more agitated, its cries echoing louder, as if it would break the ground.

Heavens Fiend Sword, Fisherman Elder. Li Fans eyes flashed as he looked at the monster kneeling before him. It is begging me because it sensed the Heavens Fiend Power in my Great Five Elements Extinction Sword and mistook me for the master of the Heavens Fiend Sword.

Even the Fisherman Elder almost mistook me; this monster has been trapped here for who knows how many years, relying only on instinct. Such a mistake is understandable.

From this, it seems that the Fisherman Elder was likely a leader among the fallen cultivators in this lost domain. The Heavenly Doctors massacre must have involved a confrontation with him.

The Heavens Fiend Sword is incomplete, and the Fisherman Elder became amnesiac and insane, possibly due to the Heavenly Doctors actions.

But soon, Li Fan felt something was off. If the Heavenly Doctor was truly responsible, having lived for so long and becoming much stronger, he would have known about the Fisherman Elders existence. Why not eliminate him completely instead of letting him survive? Or was it, as Li Fan previously speculated, that the Fisherman Elder had become a strange entity that couldnt be eradicated?

Heavenly Doctor Li Fan squinted his eyes. He was not a forgiving person. The Heavenly Doctor had once discovered his true form through the art of observing, listening, questioning, and feeling, broke the Celestial Profound Mirrors protection, and attempted to capture him alive. That terror still lingered in Li Fans mind. However, due to the vast difference in their power, Li Fan had to bury his desire for revenge deep within.

Now, realizing that the Fisherman Elder might be the Heavenly Doctors nemesis, Li Fan felt a stir of excitement. Perhaps in my next life, I can cause him some trouble.

If the Fisherman Elder retrieves the Heavens Fiend Sword and seeks him out during the battle between the Heavenly Doctor and the Confucian Scholar Li Fans eyes gleamed as he quickly devised a rough plan, drawing from his experiences in several lifetimes.

With a cold laugh, he temporarily set the matter aside and turned his attention back to the Twisted Monster. The Black Death Talisman can last another day; perhaps the hope of escape lies with it.

Retracting the Heavens Fiend Power, Li Fan tried to calm and communicate with the monster, expressing that he had been deceived and trapped here by the Heavenly Doctor and was searching for an exit to seek revenge outside. It took nearly half a day for the monster, with its lost intellect, to understand Li Fans meaning. It stopped kowtowing, became quiet, and its head rotated continuously as if pondering something. Soon after, it crawled away, occasionally turning its head to indicate for Li Fan to follow.

In the chaotic domain near the Twelfth Relic, disorienting forces still prevailed. In Li Fans perception, the leading Twisted Monster occasionally appeared behind him or suddenly flashed forward, continuously changing positions unpredictably. Li Fan closely followed, adjusting his direction according to the monsters movements.

After half a day, the Black Death Talismans black light had grown increasingly faint, as if it might extinguish at any moment. Following the Twisted Monster deeper, Li Fan seemed to reach the center of the lost domain. In a round pit, as if struck by a meteor, many figures stood. They were lifeless corpses, but unlike those Li Fan had seen before, these bodies had undergone eerie transformations.

Some had turned to stone, resembling statues. Others had turned to jade, glowing brightly. Some had become like trees, covered in cracked bark. The most horrifying were those that had undergone insect transformation. Though appearing normal at first glance, a closer look revealed they were hollow, composed of countless tiny black maggots, still wriggling after many years.

The closer Li Fan got to the center, the more pronounced the transformations became. No longer were there standing corpses but instead, strange substances adhered to the ground.

The Twisted Monsters pace slowed, its body trembling subtly, indicating its fear of something ahead. It stopped at a certain point, refusing to move forward. After calming it, Li Fan ventured alone, his guard up.

Contrary to his expectations, there was no fearsome monster in the pits center, only a broken stone lying quietly. The stone once bore inscriptions, now barely visible. However, Li Fan could make out traces, hinting at the character Chaos.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 361: Chaos-sealed Maze


It seemed that with the passage of time, this piece of rubble had lost its original power.

Li Fan paused for a moment, then held his breath and approached slowly.

Until he reached the rubble, he didn’t feel any changes in himself.

However, Li Fan’s vigilance remained high.

This maze was filled with various bizarre phenomena, so one must not take it lightly.

Without touching the rubble, he observed it carefully from a distance.

The rubble was half-buried in the soil, roughly forming a square about the length and width of a person’s outstretched arms.

There were obvious signs of breakage on its edges.

It seemed to have been deliberately cut from a larger stone.

“Chaos.”“The area centered around this circular pit, with its disoriented directions and even the bizarre phenomenon of human mutation, could it be related to this character?”

“If indeed a single character triggers many anomalies…”

“What does this ‘Chaos Stone’ have to do with the Heavenly Doctor?”

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan decided not to bother with it for now, but to check around for any signs of an “exit”.

Unfortunately, apart from the sticky, unidentifiable substances covering the bottom of the circular pit,

there was only this chaotic stone.

“The aberrant monsters now only act on instinct, they shouldn’t be trying to deceive me.”

After some thought, Li Fan returned to the side of the rubble, activated his spiritual power, and lifted it from the ground.

It wasn’t as heavy as some heavenly treasures, weighing the same as ordinary stones.

And after pulling it out, there was no expected exit beneath the rubble.

No abnormal situation occurred.

“Strange…”

Li Fan put down the Chaos Stone and rubbed his chin.

With little time left, Li Fan didn’t search for other possibilities.

Instead, he stared closely at the stone in front of him, pondering where the exit might be hidden.

With not much time to waste, after a moment, Li Fan pointed his finger and shot out a black light towards it.

As he stepped back, he observed the changes that occurred when the Annihilation Sword collided with the Chaos Stone.

The black sword light flew to the front of the rubble in an instant.

Just before the collision, the black light suddenly distorted.

Under Li Fan’s gaze, three extremely familiar energies emerged from the black light.

Madness, darkness, swirling rotation…

It was exactly the three powers that make up the Annihilation Sword of the Five Elements: Heavenly Calamity, Ink Death, and the power of the Five Elements.

Under the influence of the Chaos Stone, the black light gradually faded away.

Then, these energies that should have been under Li Fan’s control began to fight against each other.

At the same time, a wave of unknown fluctuations suddenly burst from the Chaos Stone.

Sweeping towards the outside of the circular pit.

Li Fan was caught off guard and couldn’t dodge it in time, so he was pierced through.

His expression changed suddenly, thinking he had been ambushed.

However, to his surprise, the wave turned out to be all sound and fury, signifying nothing.

He only felt a tingling sensation as if ants were crawling all over his body, but after the spiritual energy circulated once, it was quickly suppressed.

Li Fan was stunned, staring at the Chaos Stone, lost in thought.

“The chaos dissipates, leaving only its form and no essence.”

“Nevertheless, it still affects my Annihilation Sword of the Five Elements.”

Li Fan glanced at the place where the three energies had been entangled.

In the recent wave, they had already annihilated each other in mutual combat.

The last Black Death Symbol he wore had already dimmed to the point of being almost invisible.

It seemed like it would completely collapse in the next second.

If it were someone else in such a desperate situation, they would have already been in a panic and unable to think clearly.

However, with “Truth” as his foundation, Li Fan was not in the least panicked.

Without needing to consider his own danger, Li Fan’s thoughts quickly turned, continuing to contemplate.

After trying many different methods, when the Black Death Symbol completely collapsed.

The ubiquitous white mist around him, freed from restraint, began to devour Li Fan’s lifespan.

Just a few breaths later, Li Fan’s physiological age on the Truth Panel jumped from 51 to 52.

Although most of the 51 years had already passed, the terrifying speed at which the life-devouring mist consumed lifespan could still be seen.

As life rapidly passed before his eyes, instead of making Li Fan panic, it made his mind even cooler.

When Li Fan’s lifespan reached one hundred,

a moment of enlightenment struck, and his eyes suddenly lit up.

He leaped to the front of the broken stone and, using his hand as a brush, meticulously copied the traces of the character “Chaos” on the stone.

Writing stroke by stroke.

The brush strokes flowed swiftly, forming in an instant.

A faint golden light flashed and disappeared.

The chaotic character on the rubble seemed to regain some of its luster.

What amazed Li Fan was that the moment the chaotic character reappeared,

the spiritual energy within him was instantly depleted.

If it weren’t for the Nine Laws Golden Elixir sensing the danger and instantly transforming, the power of the Five Elements turned into a continuous supply of spiritual energy to replenish his exhausted body,

he might have been drained directly.

Even so, Li Fan felt his vision darken and nearly fell to the ground.

Fortunately, after absorbing all of Li Fan’s spiritual energy, the Chaos Stone also underwent a mysterious change.

The characters seemed to come to life, naturally emanating a terrifying aura.

The entire stone became ethereal.

It emitted a dream-like glow.

Even the life-devouring mist was forced back by the radiance emitted from the Chaos Stone, forming a vacuum zone around it.

Seeing this, Li Fan quickly hid inside to avoid excessive loss of lifespan.

Perhaps because the Chaos Stone activated this time by absorbing the spiritual energy within Li Fan’s body,

Li Fan did not sense its effect on himself after approaching the rubble.

However, he continuously heard creaking sounds from the surroundings. The sticky substances underground seemed to have come to life, beginning a bizarre twisting motion.

And Li Fan keenly noticed that the motionless mutated corpses standing in the circular pit were trembling slightly, as if they were about to come alive in the next second.

As the instigator of all this, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel his hair stand on end.

“This is not a place to stay for long.”

Observing the flickering light and the shifting reality of the Chaos Stone, Li Fan vaguely felt a sensation in his heart.

It was as if it were a gateway, one he could enter at any time.

His spiritual sense did not detect any danger ahead, but rather the only vitality was inside.

Without further hesitation, Li Fan flew towards it.

As Li Fan had expected, the stone seemed to be nonexistent.

Li Fan passed straight through it.

His vision blurred, endless white mist filled his eyes.

Finally, Li Fan left behind that treacherous maze and returned to the normal barrier of white mist.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 362: Loss and Gain


Suddenly breaking free from the entanglement, yet the crisis was far from over.

The devouring white mist continuously consumed Li Fan’s lifespan, even more fiercely than within the maze.

Within the vast white mist, Li Fan once again sensed the location of the Broken Palm Immortal City.

In the next moment, he unleashed the Purple Sky Escape Technique to its utmost and flew towards it swiftly.

Just as Li Fan gradually distanced himself from the maze where the chaotic characters were, a strange, seemingly familiar ripple emanated from behind him.

Even the endless expanse of white mist seemed to ripple.

“Hm?”

Without turning his head, Li Fan could still feel that the maze of chaotic stones seemed to be gradually disappearing.

Or perhaps, hiding.

But Li Fan couldn’t afford to pay attention to it for the time being.There was still a considerable distance to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold from here.

And under the relentless consumption of the devouring white mist, Li Fan’s age was increasing rapidly.

As he moved towards the Abyssal Roar, the speed of his lifespan being devoured also accelerated.

156, 178, 193…

Li Fan stared at the constantly changing numbers on the Truth Panel, and a long-lost sense of weakness surged in his heart.

The instant aging made him feel as if he had returned to being the elderly Grand Master Da Xuan.

The Eternal Immortal Stronghold was within reach, but Li Fan estimated that with the remaining lifespan, it would be extremely difficult to cross the distance ahead.

With determination in his heart, without the slightest hesitation, Li Fan took out the Life-Extending Fruit from his storage ring and swallowed it in one gulp.

A majestic vitality surged from his abdomen.

In an instant, like a rushing river, it spread throughout his body.

The feeling of aging and weakness suddenly disappeared, and Li Fan’s physiological age limit changed from the original 599 to 899.

With a burst of energy, Li Fan, like a purple thunderbolt, tore through the vast white mist.

Straight towards the Broken Palm Immortal City.

“Although Senior Zhang’s Purple Sky Divine Thunder Escape is much faster than the escape techniques I’ve seen in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, it’s still too slow!”

“Without the True Manual of the Purple Sky Divine Thunder Technique, it’s still somewhat lacking.”

“It’s usually not a big deal, but the importance of escape technique speed is evident at critical moments like this.”

264, 378, 492…

As his age rapidly increased, Li Fan gradually transformed from a youthful scholar appearance into that of a middle-aged man.

Yet, his mind remained extraordinarily calm, unaffected by the passage of life.

“If there’s a chance, I must find a superior escape technique.”

“Aside from the Pearl of Derivation, Zhong Shentong’s Seven-Colored Divine Light seems to be quite good.”

“To surpass the speed of the Yuanying Stage during the Foundation Establishment Stage…”

While recalling the deeds of Zhong Shentong, Li Fan was getting closer and closer to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.

567, 689, 734…

“Who goes there!?”

A furious roar echoed from the green stone broken palm and struck Li Fan through the white mist.

Li Fan’s flying speed immediately slowed down.

Cursing inwardly, he instantly memorized the voice of this person.

With a calm and steady expression, Li Fan calmly declared, “I am Li Fan, a Golden Core Formation Master under Director Ji’s tutelage.”

“Responsible for assisting in the construction of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array outside the Abyssal Roar.”

“Help!”

At the same time, he pulled out a piece of green stone made into a broken finger from his bosom.

It was precisely with this token left to him by the Cold Response garment earlier that Li Fan could still accurately locate the position of the Eternal Immortal Stronghold amidst the vast white mist and the tide of demonic voices.

“What?”

A hint of surprise and panic could be heard in the voice.

Li Fan accelerated again, flying towards the torn wrist of the broken palm.

The previous call for help had indeed been effective.

An entrance had indeed opened there.

Li Fan dashed in like lightning.

The influence of the surrounding white mist disappeared in an instant, and Li Fan’s physiological age at this moment finally stabilized at 842/899.

Approaching the end of his life, the final limit approaching.

A pervasive sense of weakness spread throughout his body, and Li Fan couldn’t even control the angle of his flight, crashing straight to the ground.

It took a long time for him to finally come to a stop.

“Cough…”

Li Fan was about to say something when he coughed up a mouthful of blood and passed out directly.

A cultivator with white hair and a look that seemed to be on the verge of falling appeared in the Eternal Immortal Stronghold in such a conspicuous manner.

Naturally, it immediately attracted the attention of the crowd.

Coincidentally, the Eternal Immortal Stronghold had been isolated by the tide for some time, causing even more rumors to spread in secret.

All sorts of rumors were flying around.

Some even solemnly swore that this demonic tide was entirely the conspiracy of the Five Elders Alliance.

Now that the Five Elders Alliance had launched a counteroffensive, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was in a losing streak.

It was feared that the Eternal Immortal Stronghold would change hands soon.

Fortunately, the owner of the Broken Palm Immortal City, Master Shang, intervened and promptly suppressed these increasingly outrageous rumors.

The rumor mongers were hung in the center of the city, lashed day and night as a warning to others.

…

In the darkness.

Though Li Fan’s body was in a state of unconsciousness.

But his consciousness was incredibly clear.

This was a highly contradictory state.

But just as he now felt both the strength of rejuvenation and the weakness of aging simultaneously.

It was indeed a real existence.

The weakness naturally stemmed from the fact that this body of his in this world was on the brink of exhaustion, not far from its end.

While the strength came from the aspect of the soul.

After Li Fan had experienced various hardships, survived numerous life-and-death situations.

He finally arrived at the Eternal Immortal Stronghold.

And he actually completed the requirements of the “Reverse Cultivation of Dao Heart” operation.

The stifling and indignant feeling in his heart suddenly dissipated.

In the great grinding mill of heart refinement, an unprecedented source of nourishment also arrived.

Drops of icy coolness nourished the soul.

A sense of growth emerged in Li Fan’s heart, comparable to breaking through realms.

And the growth of the soul was not just a one-time occurrence.

It was like a continuous trickle, never-ending.

“With every action, there’s a reward. This is the reward for the Reverse Cultivation of Dao Heart operation.”

“But I’m afraid we have to wait until we truly rescue the people inside the Jiaxu Base before the entire reverse cultivation action can be considered truly concluded.”

“Even though there was a special bonus the first time, the effect of this Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra is still too terrifying.”

Li Fan carefully felt the continuous growth of his own soul.

It even made him feel like he could discard his body and exist directly as a soul.

After an unknown amount of time.

Sensing someone approaching beside his sleeping body.

Li Fan’s mind moved, controlling his body to gradually awaken.

The sensation of his body once again took the upper hand, and a sense of powerlessness surged into his heart.

With a light cough, Li Fan struggled to sit up.

“Fellow Daoist, awake?!” A member of the Qingxuan Army hurried over to support Li Fan.

“Fellow Daoist Li Fan, we have verified your identity with the Strategy Hall.”

“What exactly happened? At this moment, you should be inside the Jiaxu Base, why did you return to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold?”

“And you even turned into this…”

He seemed to be full of questions, firing off a barrage of questions.

Li Fan, however, noticed that at the moment he woke up, a shadow suddenly appeared in the corner of the room.

Although it was almost imperceptible, with Li Fan’s strengthened soul, he could clearly sense it.

Without changing his expression, Li Fan slowly recounted his experience.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 363: Li Fans Reversal


Li Fans eyebrows furrowed. What? Anchor Point, code-named Jiaxu, is running out of supplies, teetering on the brink of life and death, and urgently needs reinforcements?

How could this be? Didnt Cold Response just receive a batch of supplies?

They actually let you, a mere magician, take such risks. What a bunch of incompetence!

There was a new-born maze blocking the way on the journey? No wonder

You actually managed to escape from such a maze, youre quite lucky.

Ah, its just a pity. Im a bit slower, and there isnt much life left.

Amid the continuous exclamations of the cultivator in the azure robe named Hao Hui, Li Fan roughly recounted his experiences along the way.

Except for concealing some details possibly related to the Heavenly Doctor within the chaotic stone maze, everything else was told truthfully without any embellishment.

After learning of Li Fans actions, looking at this cultivator with white hair, serene face, and an aura of calmness despite the dire circumstances,Hao Huis eyes flashed with a trace of respect.

A cultivator of such high integrity was extremely rare, even within the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

His expression solemn, Hao Hui said softly, Friend, rest assured and recuperate. I will immediately dispatch personnel to Anchor Point, code-named Jiaxu, and will certainly not let down your desperate plea for help.

Li Fan coughed lightly and nodded slightly.

Everything that needed to be done had been done. Clearly, this body could no longer withstand any further strain.

If he wanted to function normally again, he needed proper recuperation.

Hao Hui withdrew, closing the door behind him.

At the same time, Li Fan felt the shadow in the corner of the room also disappear.

There are still 57 years of remaining time in this world. Although I can use some longevity treasures again, my situation is somewhat similar to Immortal Sage Jicheng now. We are both nearing the end of our lives, and the effect of longevity may not be as good as imagined.

Even if there isnt much time left to live, it doesnt necessarily mean I cant achieve my goals.

Just as Li Fan was lost in thought with closed eyes,

At the forefront of the Broken Palm Immortal City, in a hidden place facing the abyss.

Countless demonic sounds gushed out from the nearby void abyss, pouring into this space continuously through a gap, without any hindrance,

As if the indescribable voices from the deepest layer of purgatory were constantly echoing and raging here.

The powerful and pure demonic sounds seemed to even affect the structure of space.

One distorted and terrifying face after another kept forming here.

And before these inexplicable faces, there sat a figure.

His appearance was unclear, but his body shape was strangely undulating like the flowing waves of a river, constantly flickering.

The demonic sounds, which would usually cause a change in expression in ordinary cultivators, seemed to have no effect on him whatsoever.

Moreover, those twisted faces formed by the reverberating demonic sounds, after approaching him, seemed to be directly captured, merging into his body.

His figure swayed and undulated, while the faces disappeared without a trace.

Yet, he remained incredibly calm.

Suddenly, he waved his hand.

A cyan stone gate rose, blocking the gap in the space here.

The demonic sounds gradually diminished.

The light dimmed abruptly, and all the remaining demonic faces vanished in an instant.

His body swayed even more violently.

Lord Shaokun.

A black shadow appeared beside him, transforming into a black-robed cultivator.

He recounted what he had just witnessed to him.

A moment later.

Is this matter true? There was a hint of doubt in Lord Shaokuns tone.

Based on my observations, Li Fan did not lie. And indeed, his lifespan has almost been devoured by the Elemental Devouring White Mist.

Im afraid if he had been a bit slower that day, whether he could survive would be uncertain.

Before I came here, I also confirmed with Jihong Daoist that Li Fans identity is legitimate.

On the path to Anchor Point, there are indeed traces of the appearance of a newborn maze.

But now it has retreated back into the depths of the white mist, it should be just an occasional event.

The black-robed cultivator replied.

Lord Shaokun fell silent for a while upon hearing this.

Such touching deeds, of course, should be known to more people.

Especially now, when peoples hearts are fluctuating, there needs to be a stark contrast to make them feel ashamed.

You go and handle this matter.

A moment later, Lord Shaokun spoke slowly.

The black-robed cultivator nodded.

Just as he was about to leave, he glanced at Lord Shaokun, hesitated to speak.

Hmm?

The black-robed cultivator paused, then asked, Yan Huan has been suspended in the center of the Immortal Fort for continuous whipping for eleven days now.

When will he be released?

If this continues, that kid wont hold on much longer.

Although its a performance, the Demonic Sound Whip is definitely real.

The black-robed cultivator said cautiously, afraid of angering the person in front of him.

However, Lord Shaokun did not blame him: Originally, letting him intentionally spread rumors was to rectify the atmosphere within the Immortal Fort.

Now that we have such a good publicity target, his role is dispensable.

Let him down tomorrow.

Send a Soul Recovery Pill to him and let him rest well.

The black-robed cultivator showed joy on his face and said, Thank you, Lord Shaokun.

He then quietly disappeared in this secret chamber.

For Lord Shaokun, the conversation just now seemed to be a trivial episode.

As the cyan stone gate fell again, the raging demonic sounds surged back in.

His body began to sway and undulate again.

Under Lord Shaokuns promotion, within half a day, Li Fans desperate plea for help spread throughout the Eternal Immortal Fort.

There were doubters, but there were also deeply touched believers.

And as those like He Chen who were trapped in Anchor Point were rescued and brought back for investigation,

The truth of the incident was confirmed.

Although there were still a few cultivators who stubbornly believed that all of this was a staged act,

But the vast majority chose to believe.

While marveling and admiring Li Fans righteousness, they couldnt help but feel sorry for him having only a few decades of life left.

As for Li Fan himself, after receiving wave after wave of visitors, he finally welcomed a rare moment of tranquility.

After some recuperation, Ive managed to barely adapt to this aging body.

Although I can transform into a younger appearance, apparently its not as attention-grabbing as my current appearance.

Completing the perfect conclusion of his initial reversal of cultivating Dao, the growth of his divine soul made Li Fan relish it.

So, Li Fan was preparing to start his second reversal plan.

For the Tianxuan Soul Locking Grand Competition, my original intention was to pass by casually, just to go through the motions.

But now, Im going to do the opposite.

Ill invest all my limited remaining life into the construction of the array.

For the popularization of the Tianxuan Soul Locking, Ill burn every ounce of my strength.

Until death.

Just thinking like this, Li Fan felt goosebumps all over his body.

Suppressing the discomfort in his heart, Li Fan put on a determined expression.

With slow and steady steps, he walked out of the room.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 364: Pushing Waves and Assisting Ripples


What? Do you want to return to the base and continue the construction of the Tianxuan Soul Locking Array?

Youre crazy?

Seeing the aged Li Fan suddenly appear before him, Hao Hui was startled.

And when he heard Li Fans request, Hao Huis face first showed disbelief, thinking he had misheard.

After confirming repeatedly, he laughed incredulously and firmly refused.

Friend Li, youve done enough already.

Leave the rest to other array masters.

Your current situation is not suitable for continuing the construction of the array.

After hesitating for a moment, Hao Hui still suggested, Friend, youve been trapped in the Devouring Yuan White Mist for too long, your lifespan is running out.

For now, you should seize every moment to cultivate.See if you can break through to the Yuanying Realm before your lifespan ends.

With your talent, I dont think theres no chance to defy fate.

Although Hao Huis words were very much to Li Fans liking, he still shook his head against his will and said, Friends goodwill, I understand. However, one should know their own limitations. With my remaining lifespan, its absolutely impossible for me to cultivate to the Yuanying Realm!

Rather than wasting time on such meaningless things, its better to contribute my last bit of strength to the construction of the Tianxuan Soul Locking Array while I can still move.

If, in my lifetime, I can witness the Tianxuan Soul Locking Array enveloping the entire territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Even if I die, I will have no regrets!

Li Fans expression was solemn, his words righteous.

If the rest of my life can only be spent aimlessly, waiting for death in confusion, I wont be able to close my eyes even in death.

I hope my friend can fulfill this!

Looking at Li Fan, who was serious beyond measure, Hao Hui was speechless.

Instinctively wanting to refuse, but seeing the extremely sincere gaze of the other party, there was an indescribable feeling in his heart.

Alright, friend, wait for me for a moment. Ill go ask for instructions.

Seeming afraid to face Li Fan again, Hao Hui hurriedly left.

Li Fan remained calm, patiently waiting.

After a while, Hao Hui returned with a complicated expression.

Friend Li, your request has been approved. After this demonic sound tide subsides, our Qingxuan Army will send someone to escort you back to the front lines.

In that case, thank you, Brother Hao. Li Fan seemed to breathe a sigh of relief, nodding in thanks.

Friend Li Fan Seeing the relieved look on Li Fans snowy hair, Hao Hui couldnt help but ask.

What exactly is the reason?

Li Fans actions had already exceeded Hao Huis comprehension.

He asked full of puzzlement.

Li Fan smiled without answering, bowed slightly, and walked away.

Leaving behind Hao Hui, bewildered and confused, standing still, silent for a long time.

As expected, the news that Li Fan, who was almost half dead, was about to return to the front line to construct arrays spread throughout the Broken Palm Immortal City in an instant.

Amidst the clamor, inevitable voices of doubt also arose.

However, half a month later, when Li Fan, under the escort of dozens of Qingxuan Army soldiers, left the Eternal Immortal Stronghold once again and flew towards the Anchor Point Base.

All doubts were dispelled without attack.

The cultivators were shocked by Li Fans choice, and at the same time, felt ashamed of their previous dirty thoughts.

Compared to the sacrifices Li Fan made, their own decades of service in guarding the Abyss seemed trivial.

As a result, an unprecedented wave emerged within the Qingxuan Army.

No longer casually boasting about hardships, but beginning to compare the length of service in guarding the Abyss.

All of this, Li Fan, who arrived at the Anchor Point Base, was unaware of.

Thanks to Li Fans timely request for assistance, before the supplies at the base were exhausted, reinforcements from the Eternal Immortal Stronghold successfully arrived.

Preventing a tragedy from happening.

Although letting Li Fan venture alone into the white mist resulted in some punishment for the surviving cultivators.

But compared to preserving their lives, all of this was nothing.

Moreover, at Li Fans plea.

He Chen, Kong Yu, and other cultivators eventually returned to the Anchor Point Base, redeemed themselves, and assisted Li Fan in constructing arrays.

To ensure Li Fans safety, the number of escort troops from the Eternal Immortal Stronghold was tripled.

The amount of reserve supplies brought was beyond imagination, allowing for extravagant use without worrying about insufficient supplies.

And Li Fan didnt rest for a moment.

When the long-raging demonic sound tide finally subsided, he directly continued the construction of the Soul Locking Array.

He Chen and the others had all received his life-saving grace.

The members of the Qingxuan Army, even more so, were appointed and obeyed Li Fans words without hesitation.

In this small Anchor Point Base, Li Fan also gained absolute authority.

With everything at his disposal, all orders would be completed with one hundred and twenty percent efficiency.

Coupled with Li Fan reversing his own will, from being idle to becoming a workaholic who forgot to rest.

The speed of array construction increased by nearly double compared to before.

Due to the impact of the previous demonic sound tide, array construction was forcibly halted.

Li Fans ranking on the Great Ranking Board had already dropped to the bottom, hovering around six hundred or so.

But as everyone began to rebuild, his ranking steadily rose, catching up with determination.

The rapid rise in Li Fans ranking didnt attract much attention.

The most eye-catching figure on the entire list was still Guo Yezhong, with zero points.

This person seemed to completely disregard the so-called Great Ranking.

Cultivators discussed it one after another, but the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance didnt take any special measures.

It was only rumored that Guo Yezhong was still within the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, not having defected.

And he hadnt given up the fight. When asked by others, he simply responded, Who wins and who loses is still unknown.

As Li Fan threw himself wholeheartedly into the construction of arrays, feeling the torment in his heart.

The anecdotes about him began to spread rapidly outside the Broken Palm Immortal City under the indication of interested parties.

Especially his touching deeds of continuing to construct the Tianxuan Soul Locking Array despite undergoing tremendous changes and his lifespan running out.

They were glorified.

Soon, almost every cultivator outside seclusion in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance knew about Li Fans actions.

Whether to believe it or not was another matter.

Li Fans communication talisman was the first to explode.

He Zhenghao, the Oracle Child, and acquaintances from the former Universal Pavilion all sent messages inquiring.

There were too many, so Li Fan had to set up an automatic reply, briefly explaining the situation.

Naturally, his friends lamented and admired Li Fan extremely.

A few even promised to find longevity treasures for Li Fan.

Li Fan thanked each one.

Then he continued to throw himself tirelessly into the construction of arrays.

In this way, two years passed.

One day, a colorful light tore through the white mist and headed straight for the Broken Palm Immortal City.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 365: Creation Bell Divine Ability


Creation Bell Divine Ability? He wants to see me?

In the vast white mist, Li Fan paused from his work.

Listening to He Chens report, Li Fan furrowed his brows slightly, feeling somewhat puzzled.

He had only met him briefly in the Contemplation of Dao, and they had never formally met in the real world.

Seeing Li Fans expression, He Chen lowered his voice and said, According to this Creation Bell Divine Ability, he has a method to extend Master Lis lifespan. But he insists on seeing you in person.

Although this person only has the cultivation of the Foundation Establishment Stage, his body emits a colorful divine light, which is truly mysterious and extraordinary, even able to resist the Devouring Elemental White Mist. The elders in the Immortal Stronghold also speak highly of him.

Moreover, this Creation Bell Divine Ability has a wide circle of friends. This time, he was introduced and guaranteed by a Nascent Soul cultivator before the Immortal Stronghold agreed to let him come over.

Master Li, theres no harm in meeting him, He Chen suggested.

Among the cultivators rescued by Li Fan two years ago in the Jiaxu Base, He Chen was the most grateful to him.

Even when Li Fans lifespan was nearing its end, he continued to strive at the forefront of constructing arrays.He Chen admired Li Fan to the point of fervor, even obeying his words unquestioningly.

Li Fan nodded slightly, saying, Very well, then lead me to meet this Creation Bell Divine Ability.

But in his heart, he thought, It seems like someone comes knocking when youre about to fall asleep. Setting aside whether this so-called method of extending lifespan is true or false, its good to probe into the origin of his colorful divine light.

Returning to the Jiaxu Base, in the meeting hall, an old man with white beard and hair, dressed in Daoist robes, had been waiting for some time.

As Li Fan stepped in, the Creation Bell Divine Abilitys gaze instantly focused on him.

After exchanging glances, Li Fan bowed first, saying, Friend Zhong, Ive heard much about you!

The Creation Bell Divine Ability also sighed, Under the great reputation lies no falsehoods. The rumors outside actually turned out to be true. Friend, indeed, you are at the brink of lifes end with rapidly declining vitality.

At these words, He Chens gaze turned somewhat hostile.

But Li Fans heart stirred, signaling He Chen to leave for now.

Once they were alone in the hall, he clasped his hands and said, Friend, your words seem profound?

Creation Bell Divine Ability stroked his beard and nodded, It is precisely because I have experienced a situation similar to Friends that I can be so certain.

To be honest, when I was in the outside world, upon hearing about Friends deeds, I actually didnt believe it, he admitted.

Creation Bell Divine Ability? He wants to see me?

In the vast white mist, Li Fan paused from his work.

Listening to He Chens report, Li Fan furrowed his brows slightly, feeling somewhat puzzled.

He had only met him briefly in the Contemplation of Dao, and they had never formally met in the real world.

Seeing Li Fans expression, He Chen lowered his voice and said, According to this Creation Bell Divine Ability, he has a method to extend Master Lis lifespan. But he insists on seeing you in person.

Although this person only has the cultivation of the Foundation Establishment Stage, his body emits a colorful divine light, which is truly mysterious and extraordinary, even able to resist the Devouring Elemental White Mist. The elders in the Immortal Stronghold also speak highly of him.

Moreover, this Creation Bell Divine Ability has a wide circle of friends. This time, he was introduced and guaranteed by a Nascent Soul cultivator before the Immortal Stronghold agreed to let him come over.

Master Li, theres no harm in meeting him, He Chen suggested.

Among the cultivators rescued by Li Fan two years ago in the Jiaxu Base, He Chen was the most grateful to him.

Even when Li Fans lifespan was nearing its end, he continued to strive at the forefront of constructing arrays.

He Chen admired Li Fan to the point of fervor, even obeying his words unquestioningly.

Li Fan nodded slightly, saying, Very well, then lead me to meet this Creation Bell Divine Ability.

But in his heart, he thought, It seems like someone comes knocking when youre about to fall asleep. Setting aside whether this so-called method of extending lifespan is true or false, its good to probe into the origin of his colorful divine light.

Returning to the Jiaxu Base, in the meeting hall, an old man with white beard and hair, dressed in Daoist robes, had been waiting for some time.

As Li Fan stepped in, the Creation Bell Divine Abilitys gaze instantly focused on him.

After exchanging glances, Li Fan bowed first, saying, Friend Zhong, Ive heard much about you!

The Creation Bell Divine Ability also sighed, Under the great reputation lies no falsehoods. The rumors outside actually turned out to be true. Friend, indeed, you are at the brink of lifes end with rapidly declining vitality.

At these words, He Chens gaze turned somewhat hostile.

But Li Fans heart stirred, signaling He Chen to leave for now.

Once they were alone in the hall, he clasped his hands and said, Friend, your words seem profound?

Creation Bell Divine Ability stroked his beard and nodded, It is precisely because I have experienced a situation similar to Friends that I can be so certain.

To be honest, when I was in the outside world, upon hearing about Friends deeds, I actually didnt believe it, he admitted.

Creation Bell Divine Ability? He wants to see me?

In the vast white mist, Li Fan paused from his work.

Listening to He Chens report, Li Fan furrowed his brows slightly, feeling somewhat puzzled.

He had only met him briefly in the Contemplation of Dao, and they had never formally met in the real world.

Seeing Li Fans expression, He Chen lowered his voice and said, According to this Creation Bell Divine Ability, he has a method to extend Master Lis lifespan. But he insists on seeing you in person.

Although this person only has the cultivation of the Foundation Establishment Stage, his body emits a colorful divine light, which is truly mysterious and extraordinary, even able to resist the Devouring Elemental White Mist. The elders in the Immortal Stronghold also speak highly of him.

Moreover, this Creation Bell Divine Ability has a wide circle of friends. This time, he was introduced and guaranteed by a Nascent Soul cultivator before the Immortal Stronghold agreed to let him come over.

Master Li, theres no harm in meeting him, He Chen suggested.

Among the cultivators rescued by Li Fan two years ago in the Jiaxu Base, He Chen was the most grateful to him.

Even when Li Fans lifespan was nearing its end, he continued to strive at the forefront of constructing arrays.

He Chen admired Li Fan to the point of fervor, even obeying his words unquestioningly.

Li Fan nodded slightly, saying, Very well, then lead me to meet this Creation Bell Divine Ability.

But in his heart, he thought, It seems like someone comes knocking when youre about to fall asleep. Setting aside whether this so-called method of extending lifespan is true or false, its good to probe into the origin of his colorful divine light.

Returning to the Jiaxu Base, in the meeting hall, an old man with white beard and hair, dressed in Daoist robes, had been waiting for some time.

As Li Fan stepped in, the Creation Bell Divine Abilitys gaze instantly focused on him.

After exchanging glances, Li Fan bowed first, saying, Friend Zhong, Ive heard much about you!

The Creation Bell Divine Ability also sighed, Under the great reputation lies no falsehoods. The rumors outside actually turned out to be true. Friend, indeed, you are at the brink of lifes end with rapidly declining vitality.

At these words, He Chens gaze turned somewhat hostile.

But Li Fans heart stirred, signaling He Chen to leave for now.

Once they were alone in the hall, he clasped his hands and said, Friend, your words seem profound?

Creation Bell Divine Ability stroked his beard and nodded, It is precisely because I have experienced a situation similar to Friends that I can be so certain.

To be honest, when I was in the outside world, upon hearing about Friends deeds, I actually didnt believe it, he admitted.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 366: The Mysteries of Life and Death


Between life and death lies great terror!

But also great opportunities!

Ordinary people, when faced with the threat of death, will unleash powers far beyond the norm. What more for cultivators like us?

Zhong Shentongs expression became serious, and he said solemnly,

The greater the pressure, the greater the drive. What pressure is greater than death?

By leveraging the brink of death, cultivation speed and perception will be a thousand times greater than usual.

This is my personal experience, absolutely true!

If a fellow Daoist can grasp this power, they can cultivate to the Nascent Soul stage before their lifespan ends. Its definitely not difficult!

Zhong Shentong pledged firmly.

If what Daoist friend says is true, then why are there cultivators in the world who are trapped for a lifetime, unable to break through even in death? Li Fan said somewhat helplessly.Zhong Shentong was momentarily surprised, but after careful thought, he quickly came up with an answer.

That must be because they arent afraid enough of death!

I understand! Daoist friend, you now transcend worldly concerns, treating life and death as insignificant. You worry that you cant utilize the pressure of the brink of death for cultivation, right? Zhong Shentong suddenly realized.

Dont worry, in my cultivation technique Mysteries of Life and Death, theres a section called Sensation of Life and Death. After studying it, one can fully comprehend the preciousness of life and the horror of death.

Li Fan carefully observed the old Daoist in front of him.

He felt that Zhong Shentongs way of thinking was somewhat different from ordinary people.

Could it be that practicing this Mysteries of Life and Death has damaged his brain? He directly talked about his own cultivation technique the first time he met someone?

He replied seriously, Daoist friend, your technique is profound, I admire it.

However, different techniques cannot be cultivated together. Although I admire your technique, I am not fortunate enough to benefit from it

Zhong Shentong interrupted Li Fan nonchalantly, Thats why I came to seek Daoist friend.

Please, teach me how to treat life and death as insignificant.

How can I, like Daoist friend, not fear death?

If I can overcome the fear of death, then surely I, old Daoist that I am, can find liberation! Zhong Shentong said urgently.

Li Fan was stunned by his words.

Zhong Daoist, you

Zhong Shentong waved his hand, I know Daoist friend may not understand. But its true. I really dont want to live anymore.

I have lived in this world for a hundred and sixty-eight years, witnessing all kinds of joys and sorrows.

Everything in the world, to me, has lost its pleasure.

For techniques, treasures, territories, and lifespan, people fight endlessly

Between life and death lies great terror!

But also great opportunities!

Ordinary people, when faced with the threat of death, will unleash powers far beyond the norm. What more for cultivators like us?

Zhong Shentongs expression became serious, and he said solemnly,

The greater the pressure, the greater the drive. What pressure is greater than death?

By leveraging the brink of death, cultivation speed and perception will be a thousand times greater than usual.

This is my personal experience, absolutely true!

If a fellow Daoist can grasp this power, they can cultivate to the Nascent Soul stage before their lifespan ends. Its definitely not difficult!

Zhong Shentong pledged firmly.

If what Daoist friend says is true, then why are there cultivators in the world who are trapped for a lifetime, unable to break through even in death? Li Fan said somewhat helplessly.

Zhong Shentong was momentarily surprised, but after careful thought, he quickly came up with an answer.

That must be because they arent afraid enough of death!

I understand! Daoist friend, you now transcend worldly concerns, treating life and death as insignificant. You worry that you cant utilize the pressure of the brink of death for cultivation, right? Zhong Shentong suddenly realized.

Dont worry, in my cultivation technique Mysteries of Life and Death, theres a section called Sensation of Life and Death. After studying it, one can fully comprehend the preciousness of life and the horror of death.

Li Fan carefully observed the old Daoist in front of him.

He felt that Zhong Shentongs way of thinking was somewhat different from ordinary people.

Could it be that practicing this Mysteries of Life and Death has damaged his brain? He directly talked about his own cultivation technique the first time he met someone?

He replied seriously, Daoist friend, your technique is profound, I admire it.

However, different techniques cannot be cultivated together. Although I admire your technique, I am not fortunate enough to benefit from it

Zhong Shentong interrupted Li Fan nonchalantly, Thats why I came to seek Daoist friend.

Please, teach me how to treat life and death as insignificant.

How can I, like Daoist friend, not fear death?

If I can overcome the fear of death, then surely I, old Daoist that I am, can find liberation! Zhong Shentong said urgently.

Li Fan was stunned by his words.

Zhong Daoist, you

Zhong Shentong waved his hand, I know Daoist friend may not understand. But its true. I really dont want to live anymore.

I have lived in this world for a hundred and sixty-eight years, witnessing all kinds of joys and sorrows.

Everything in the world, to me, has lost its pleasure.

For techniques, treasures, territories, and lifespan, people fight endlessly

Not bad, not bad. Death is not the end, but the beginning of true rebirth. After listening to Li Fan, he seemed to be lost in a trance, muttering to himself.

Theres no need to fear at all

After an unknown amount of time, he suddenly looked relieved, as if he had suddenly realized something.

However, a dangerous multicolored light suddenly appeared around the old Daoist.

Instead, Zhong Shentong coldly chuckled, Still trying to scare me. I have already understood.

Its all an illusion, death is life, only by dying can there be life!

The multicolored divine light spun faster and faster. Li Fan felt something was amiss and quietly retreated.

Discerning everything, foreseeing the truth!

Zhong Shentong raised his right palm, his face determined, about to strike down on his own head.

Zhong Daoist! Sensation of Life and Death!

Li Fan shouted.

Zhong Shentongs movement immediately stopped.

With a light flick, a jade slip flew towards Li Fan.

Haha, Li Fan Daoist, Ill go first!

After speaking, Zhong Shentong continued to strike down fiercely.

But at that moment, his left palm, uncontrollably, suddenly stretched out and blocked in front of his right palm.

Zhong Shentongs face suddenly became fierce.

Dare to obstruct my path? Die!

A multicolored divine light shot out from his right palm, heading straight towards his left palm.

At the same time, another radiance also timely shot out from his left palm.

The two radiance collided, canceling each other out.

However, Zhong Shentong himself did not stop, muttering curses under his breath.

At the same time, it was as if there were two mortal enemies inside him, fighting each other with every move.

The multicolored divine light flew horizontally, stirring up the defensive array inside the stronghold.

Meanwhile, outside, He Chen, upon hearing the commotion, hurriedly rushed in.

Seeing the frenzied Zhong Shentong, he looked at Li Fan somewhat puzzled.

Li Fan shrugged, gesturing for him not to act rashly.

As time passed, the battle between the two personalities inside Zhong Shentong became increasingly intense.

The small Jiaxu stronghold could no longer contain him.

Amidst the continuous flashing of multicolored radiance, he disappeared into the depths of the devouring elemental mist.

Inside the stronghold, people who witnessed the scene were discussing excitedly.

Meanwhile, Li Fan quietly arrived at the cultivation chamber and began to read the jade slip that Zhong Shentong had handed over earlier.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 367: Life and Death Can Refine the Heart


Practicing like this, who wouldnt go crazy?

After reading the entire jade slip, Li Fan couldnt help but sigh.

Recorded in the jade slip is naturally what Zhong Shentong said before, the Mystical Art of Life and Death he cultivated.

Half a scroll, origin unknown.

The essence of the technique is even more incredible.

The first chapter of the technique clearly states:

Believing that everything in the world will ultimately face death.

From birds, beasts, plants, humans.

To cultivators, demonic beasts, and even the heavens and earth themselves.

No one can escape this fate.If one wishes to transcend death, they can only do so before their own death arrives.

Attain a state of neither life nor death, both alive and dead.

This is also the highest realm envisioned by the technique.

To achieve being in both life and death requires an unparalleled comprehension and understanding of the essence of life and death.

The Sensory Chapter of Life and Death is a method in the technique used to comprehend life and death.

From the initial attachment to life and fear of death to abandoning life and forgetting death, and then to being in both life and death.

The Mystical Art of Life and Death is such a peculiar technique practiced with the power of life and death.

Because of its lofty ideals, the content of the technique is extremely profound and obscure.

Compared to the Mystical Transformation of True Spirits, it is even more profound.

Perhaps it is because the founder of the technique did not reach the realm of being both alive and dead.

The latter part of the cultivation content of the technique is mostly speculative and conjectural.

With a rough glance, Li Fan could see one or two contradictions.

The technique is not bad, but its a pity its incomplete. If it were complete, it could still be somewhat useful. For now, it can only serve as a reference.

Moreover, its a pity that Zhong Shentongs Seven-Colored Divine Light seems to have no connection with this Mystical Art of Life and Death.'

Li Fan shook his head slightly.

Folding up the jade slip, Li Fan pondered for a moment, trying to operate the Sensory Chapter of Life and Death.

This chapter is a prerequisite method that one must cultivate in order to enter the Mystical Art of Life and Death, even ordinary people can practice it.

Naturally, Li Fan had no problem with it.

Every word and sentence silently flowed through Li Fans mind.

After three days and three nights.

As Li Fan meditated with closed eyes, his mind suddenly fluctuated.

Countless scenes appeared before his eyes in an instant.

He seemed to have vaguely returned to Da Xuan, experiencing the spiritedness during the Triple Unity, the wanton behavior in the Empress Dowagers palace, the arrogance of dominating the world

And later, he experienced dangers, broke through the Immortal Absolute Formation, and finally arrived in the cultivation world.

Step by step, from an ordinary person, cultivating Qi, establishing Foundation, forming Core.

Every exciting moment in his past life rushed into his mind.

Letting Li Fan feel as if he were experiencing them again firsthand.

During this fragmented time, many joyful events overlapped.

Even with Li Fans willpower, he couldnt help but feel a bit ecstatic and joyful.

Just as this joyful atmosphere reached its peak

All the scenes shattered like bubbles, one after another.

In their place were the near-death moments Li Fan often encountered.

Father, Father

Husband!

Faintly, there came the desperate cries of agony. In his first life, he had not yet awakened to the truth and was about to die from illness.

Its just seeking a chance at survival! Kou Hongs mad laughter accompanied by a tremendous roar and the sky full of flames appeared before Li Fans eyes.

That was in the second life, when Dao Xuanzi and Kou Hong battled, and Xuanjing was destroyed in an instant, and Li Fan narrowly escaped death.

The tearing of the boundary whale of the Immortal Absolute Formation, the rapid aging of the transformed sea, the pursuit of the law enforcement elders

Scenes of fatal crises seemed to descend upon Li Fan simultaneously.

Until the space in the Tianxuan Mirror was torn apart, and ahead, a kind-faced old man could vaguely be seen.

The fear in his heart was uncontrollable.

Li Fan snapped out of his cultivation.

Still

The remaining half of the truth character had yet to be uttered in his mind.

The various terrifying images disappeared in an instant.

Only then did Li Fan manage to stop.

His whole body was soaked in cold sweat, and his breath was as rapid as if he had just escaped death.

Li Fans gaze flickered as he looked back on the experience just now.

The cultivation failed.

The Sensory Chapter of Life and Death triggers a deep fear of death in the heart, not just simple illusions.

Its somewhat similar to that illusion horse, extremely lifelike.

What the heart perceives as real, is real.

Truly perilous, if deeply trapped in it, unable to distinguish true from false, there might truly be a possibility of being scared to death by oneself.

No wonder Zhong Shentong was so erratic

Only in this way can one truly feel the fear of death.

Thinking of this, Li Fan sighed softly.

Unfortunately, this method is useless to me.

Ordinary people facing the threat of death naturally feel terrified and desperate.

But I am different.

No matter what the situation, I always have a lifeline.

That is my Truth.

When the Sensory Chapter of Life and Death reaches its extreme, facing the substantial threat of death, I will instinctively call upon Truth, to start all over again

Wait

In an instant, Li Fan thought of something, his expression changing slightly.

The instinct for survival

The Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra

Standing up suddenly, Li Fans thoughts turned quickly.

Walking back and forth, contemplating feasibility.

To reverse the cultivation of the Dao Heart, I need to resist the instincts within me.

And for me, the greatest instinct is, at the moment of death, to invoke Truth.

If I were to reverse cultivate the Dao Heart in this way, the harvest would surely be unimaginable.

But its impossible to truly abandon the plan of invoking Truth at the moment of life and death.

By using the Sensory Chapter of Life and Death, this problem disappears.

Li Fans gaze flickered, and after a moment, he steadied his mind.

He began to operate the Sensory Chapter once again.

When, this time, all the beauty of life was shattered, and the threat of death descended once again.

Li Fan still couldnt shake off the habit that seemed to have been carved into his soul, and still called upon Truth.

The second attempt failed.

Undeterred, Li Fan persisted, the third time, the fourth time

Until after fifty-six attempts.

Facing the face of the Heavenly Doctor, Li Fan activated the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra.

At the same time, with extreme willpower, he temporarily suppressed the instinctive urge to invoke Truth.

But the threat of death did not disappear with Li Fans restraint.

Instead, it became more and more real.

The Heavenly Doctors face became clearer before his eyes, and the spiritual sense in Li Fans heart continued to warn frantically.

In the end, Li Fan was still drenched in sweat, breaking free from the cultivation of the Sensory Chapter of Life and Death.

Perhaps, this Sensory Chapter can only truly confront death without harming oneself after reaching the stage of abandoning life and forgetting death.

Li Fan was well aware that if he had persisted just now, even if he hadnt perished on the spot, the outcome would definitely not have been good.

This technique is indeed somewhat sinister.

However, in just that brief moment, the harvest was also immense.

In the Heart Refinement Grand Millstone, compared to the previous events of traversing the white mist and risking his life to seek help, there was a little more coolness, which he swallowed down wholeheartedly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 368: Fresh Blood Condenses the Dao Path


Like drinking a bowl of ice water during the hottest days of summer, Li Fan felt refreshed both physically and mentally.

His divine soul continued to grow at a perceptible speed.

“It really works!”

“The Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra, combined with the Life and Death Sensing Chapter, indeed has miraculous effects!”

His speculation proved true, and Li Fan felt a sense of joy.

“In this way, the enhancement speed of my divine soul might reach a terrifying level.”

Just as Li Fan was about to redouble his efforts and retry the Life and Death Sensing Chapter,

Unexpectedly, the result deviated from his expectations.

Perhaps it was due to the recent shock, leading to psychological adaptation.

Even though Heavenly Doctor’s face was almost touching Li Fan’s, there was still no trace of fear in his heart.

Occasionally, thoughts like “Forget it, just let it be. Kill me and get it over with” even flashed through his mind.

“If the heart is fearless, what fear is there in death?”

Li Fan seemed to have gained some understanding, shook his head, and stopped cultivation.

“I finally understand why Master Zhong Shentong chose to end his life. It seems to be the influence of this Life and Death Profound Technique.”

“However, despite its flaws, it would be a pity to give up the cultivation method that complements the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra.”

“After all, completing a full reverse cultivation of the heart is quite troublesome.”

“With the assistance of this Life and Death Sensing Chapter, the feedback is almost immediate.”

“And both can be combined and used simultaneously.”

“After this world’s adaptation period, I will try cultivation again to see the results.”

“In the next life, perhaps I can complete the Life and Death Profound Technique with the assistance of the Pearl of Derivation.”

To him, the flaws of the technique were not a problem at all.

As long as there were benefits, they could be utilized.

Perhaps, when he collected enough techniques, he could use the Pearl of Derivation to derive a set of his own, a true “Heavenly Net Divine Technique.”

…

Zhong Shentong’s sudden visit made Master Li, who was known for his diligence, take a rare few days off from seclusion.

But the other cultivators of the Jiayin Sect had no objections.

They even hoped that Li Fan could rest for a while longer.

If Li Fan really died suddenly from exhaustion while on duty, then these people would probably be pointed at for the rest of their lives.

However, the cultivators’ hopes were doomed to be dashed.

When Li Fan emerged from seclusion, he immediately resumed the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Array without a moment’s rest.

And once he started this time, there was no pause.

When the outer perimeter array of the locking formation was complete and merged with other array masters like Xue Mu, Li Fan took the initiative to lead and began constructing the internal formation towards the central position.

This reckless effort made Xue Mu and the others feel ashamed.

They could only follow behind, working tirelessly.

And so, the time came for the anchoring of 35 years.

On this day, as Li Fan was deeply focused on constructing the array units, his hand suddenly trembled, and a rare failure in the formation occurred.

The guards beside him all looked at Li Fan with some astonishment.

This was something that had never happened since they started following Li Fan.

It’s worth mentioning that Master Li is renowned for his efficient and precise formations and is now ranked in the top ten in the Grand Comparison.

Many array masters even traveled from afar to observe, feeling self-deprecating after seeing his skills.

Could it be that years of exhaustion had finally taken its toll on his body?

People exchanged worried glances.

However, moments later, the fluctuations of spiritual energy emanating from Li Fan surprised them all.

“Master Li, has your cultivation progressed further?” He Chen couldn’t help but ask.

Li Fan calmed the sudden and continuous feedback of cultivation within him and nodded slightly.

Seeing Li Fan’s admission, He Chen and the others were all inexplicably shocked.

Working so hard in such harsh conditions, almost no cultivation for years.

And with their lifespan nearing its end.

With so many unfavorable factors, Master Li still managed to make a breakthrough?

This completely overturned their understanding.

Could it be that the legend of ‘fortune favors the good’ is true?

Li Fan, however, had no time to care about the thoughts of the cultivators around him.

He was trying to use the Formless Killing Intent to check on the situation of Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo.

Because the significant increase in his cultivation feedback came from the two who disappeared from the remnants of the Chaoyuan Sect nearly ten years ago.

“In these ten years, they seemed to have completely disappeared from this world. Not a single trace of feedback.”

“But their sudden appearance after ten years has given me a big surprise.”

This was the biggest return on investment Li Fan had gained since practicing the Mountain Meditation Technique.

Far beyond the feedback limit that a Golden Core cultivator could bring.

Li Fan estimated that Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo had probably both reached the Nascent Soul realm.

“Interesting. Even with their talent, it’s too exaggerated to cultivate from Foundation Establishment to Nascent Soul realm within ten years.”

“Moreover, where did they get their techniques and subworlds?”

“It seems they’ve gained quite a bit from the Chaoyuan Sect.”

Perhaps because of the deep mist and the distance from the Jiushan Province, even with the Spirit Shocking Array left to them, they couldn’t sense anything from that area for the time being.

Instead, guests were welcomed back to the long-unused Bone Pioneer Realm.

As the owner of the Bone Pioneer Realm, Li Fan felt something.

He gestured for everyone to rest temporarily, returned to the Jiayin base, and went into the secret room to perform a ritual.

By the time he entered, there was no trace of the visitor in the Pioneer Realm.

But judging from the remaining aura, the visitor was undoubtedly Su Xiaomei.

After scanning around, Li Fan quickly noticed a pile of odd-shaped objects near the place where the “skull” predecessor was sleeping according to the settings.

There were all sorts of strange objects.

Thinking of the instructions given before, Li Fan’s heart skipped a beat.

He stepped forward and grabbed one of them, carefully examining it.

“Discovering rechargeable items, would you like to absorb them?”

As the prompt popped up, Li Fan chose to proceed, and the anchoring charging progress flickered slightly.

In the end, there was no change.

“Heavenly treasures?”

Li Fan looked at the broken “junk” in front of him with a strange expression.

“These are all damaged heavenly treasures that were released from the bodies of deceased cultivators.”

And the quantity…

Li Fan counted quietly, suddenly feeling a little overwhelmed.

Three thousand seven hundred and sixty-two items.

There was no doubt that these were all obtained by Su Xiaomei from the remnants of the Chaoyuan Sect.

Li Fan picked up another item and observed it carefully.

Unlike ancient artifacts that had been around for a long time, they seemed more like they had just been extracted from the bodies of deceased cultivators.

There was even a strong smell of blood lingering around them.

“Techniques, subworlds, and so many heavenly treasures…”

“What exactly did Shuofeng and Su Xiaomei encounter in the remnants of the Chaoyuan Sect?”

Despite the myriad of doubts in his mind, Li Fan didn’t delay in absorbing the heavenly treasures.

After absorbing thirteen treasures in a row, the anchoring charging progress finally flickered for a moment.

It went from 2% to 3%.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 369: Sword Opening Towards the Yuan Sect


“It seems that it’s not that rare items of heaven and earth can’t increase the charging progress, but rather their effects are too poor.”

“More than ten of them can only increase by 1%.”

“However, with this many items in front of me, I should be able to unlock another anchor point again, right?”

Li Fan felt slightly delighted in his heart as his hands kept moving.

After a while, all 3,762 damaged rare items of heaven and earth were completely absorbed.

The number of anchor points on Li Fan’s Truth panel changed to 4.

The charging progress for anchoring reverted back to 0%.

“What a pity…”

As the charging progress continued to increase, the number of items needed gradually increased as well.

From adding 1% with every ten items to later needing more than twenty or thirty.

Until unlocking the fifth anchor point, Li Fan absorbed all the remaining damaged items without increasing the progress by even 1%.

“It seems that higher-grade items are needed to unlock the fifth anchor point.” Li Fan thought to himself.

Li Fan had long guessed what items would be needed next.

Rare items of heaven and earth were the convergence of the laws of heaven and earth.

But damaged items, or even the extraordinary things of ordinary people, were no longer enough to satisfy Truth’s appetite.

So it was obvious that substitutes from higher realms were needed.

Either rare items of the earth or sky, or perhaps the golden pills condensed by cultivators could be tried.

For rare items of the earth, Li Fan could try absorbing the Canghai Pearls in the next life to see the effect.

Rare items of the sky were too rare to be considered.

As for previously, Li Fan had tried to purchase some “Golden Dan Fragments”, but facing these defective products, Truth was completely indifferent.

Complete Golden Dan Tianxuan Mirrors were not available for sale either.

In short, for the time being, Li Fan shouldn’t think about unlocking additional anchor points.

“The fourth anchor point must be used in a crucial place.”

After pondering for a while, Li Fan walked out of the secret room.

Instead of immediately diving back into work, he first borrowed the Tianxuan Mirror from the base and searched for information about the ruins of the Yuan Sect.

Currently, there weren’t many discussions among people, but there was already a momentum to cause a huge sensation.

Not long ago, within the ruins of the Yuan Sect, which had been almost deserted for several years, sudden anomalies occurred.

Blood rain fell from the sky, and those occasional, wandering phantoms also experienced startling changes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 370: Intense Competition for Ranking


“Let me oversee the construction of the core area?”

Inside the Anchor Point, Li Fan looked at the suddenly visiting Xue Mu and others, slightly stunned.

Just after a brief thought, he decisively refused.

“I’m not being modest. During the assessment at the Langhuan Academy, my affinity with the Tianxuan Mirror was just ordinary.”

“On this point, Friend Xue Mu can testify for me.”

“I appreciate your kindness, but I’m truly limited in ability and can’t bear such a heavy responsibility.”

“Senior Jiang’s array skills far surpass mine, and he is highly respected. I see no one more suitable than him.”

Li Fan sincerely said.

The array master named Jiang Qigui, looked at the surrounding cultivators with some unfriendly eyes, hurriedly responded: “Friend Li Fan is joking. Your contributions are obvious to all. How could I dare…”

Before he could finish, Li Fan smiled and interrupted him: “Friend Jiang, don’t misunderstand, every word I said was sincere.”

“As everyone knows, the final construction process of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Array requires communication with the central array hub for continuous debugging in the future.”

“This is indeed not my forte, and I’m not deliberately declining.”

Seeing Jiang Qigui’s hesitation, Li Fan added: “I understand your concern, Senior Jiang. Contributing more to the peripheral and internal arrays requires a lot of effort but relatively less recognition.”

“However, taking over the management of the central core area, while it may not require much effort, yields significantly more recognition.”

“Taking on this responsibility now may seem like plucking peaches forcefully. Are you afraid of being criticized in the future, or not?”

Seeing Li Fan openly express his thoughts, Jiang Qigui’s old face turned slightly red.

Just as he was about to explain, Li Fan continued: “Let everyone know, I’m already halfway to the grave.”

“As for the so-called grand ranking…”

Li Fan paused, dispelling the slight resentment in his heart.

With a calm expression, he said: “I simply don’t care at all.”

“The only thing I hope for is to make as much contribution as possible before my demise.”

“All I’m considering is the most efficient way to construct the array.”

“So, Senior Jiang, there’s no need to refuse.”

“Who else but you for such an important task?”

With that, Li Fan scanned around to express his intentions.

After hearing Li Fan’s heartfelt words, Jiang Qigui’s face flushed.

Taking a deep breath, Jiang Qigui bowed deeply to Li Fan.

“In that case, I’ll accept with gratitude!”

“I will certainly not disappoint your expectations, Friend Li.”

Jiang Qigui said solemnly.

Li Fan grasped his hands earnestly, “Friend, I will trouble you from now on.”

Three days later, Huangfu Song, accompanied by two black-robed cultivators, arrived at the Anchor Point.

Their visit was prompted by the message from Li Fan and the others, notifying them to deliver the Tianxuan Mirror, also known as the central array hub.

“Greetings, Senior Huangfu!” Li Fan bowed.

“You little brat…” The chubby Huangfu Song looked at Li Fan with a complicated gaze.

“Not bad, kid!” Patting Li Fan’s shoulder, Huangfu Song didn’t say much more.

He took out a damaged jade token, turned around, and completed the connection with the jade tokens in the hands of the two black-robed cultivators.

In the unfolding light curtain, countless characters cascaded like a waterfall.

A barely noticeable ripple emanated from the light curtain, scanning the surroundings.

It seemed to be conducting identity verification.

After a moment, the ripple receded, and a quaint and exquisite copper mirror emerged from the light curtain.

As the characters flowed into the mirror, the light curtain disappeared without a trace.

Only the copper mirror remained, floating in mid-air, emitting a serene dark light.

Huangfu Song’s expression became solemn as he consecutively pinched hand seals.

Pointing towards the outside of the base, amidst the devouring white mist, he gestured with one finger.

Ripples spread through the mist, as if something inside the mist was responding to him.

Li Fan squinted slightly; that should be the position of the core area of the planned Tianxuan Spirit Lock Array.

As expected, after a moment, a green light broke through the white mist.

Straight towards the Anchor Point below.

Directly hitting the suspended copper mirror.

Every trace of green light was absorbed by the copper mirror.

The surrounding green light gradually converged and disappeared.

Finally, when there was no more mysterious aura around the copper mirror, it looked just like the most ordinary object.

Huangfu Song finally relaxed, took out a square crimson wooden box from his bosom, and put the copper mirror inside.

However, as the copper mirror entered the wooden box, the previously substantial wooden box transformed into a red phantom in front of everyone’s eyes.

Then, converging towards the center, it turned into a red light spot and flew to the center of Huangfu Song’s forehead, where it settled.

Without explaining his recent actions, Huangfu Song spoke solemnly to the crowd, “Until the central array hub is fully placed, I will be overseeing it.”

“Jiang Qigui, how long do you think this process will take with everyone’s combined efforts?”

Without hesitation, Jiang Qigui replied, “Within seven days, with everyone’s combined efforts, we should be able to complete it.”

Huangfu Song nodded slowly, “Time is of the essence. After the formation is completed here, I still have to rush to other places.”

With that, he looked at Li Fan, his expression somewhat relieved, “Thanks to the hard work of Li Fan, your progress in constructing this formation is already one of the fastest batches.”

“As far as I know, the current top-ranked Tianchen Province has not yet completed the entire formation and should still be in the process of constructing the central core area.”

“If you put more effort into it, you might be able to overtake them…”

Just as Huangfu Song was encouraging everyone, a cry of surprise suddenly came from outside the council chamber, from the direction where the Tianxuan Mirror was located.

“What’s going on? How did the first-ranked suddenly increase their points so much?”

“Now the gap between them and the second-ranked has widened!”

As these words fell into the ears of the cultivators present, their gazes towards Huangfu Song became somewhat strange.

“Heh… You’re a step too late. But aiming for second place is still hopeful.” Huangfu Song had quite a thick skin and spoke as if nothing had happened.

“Alright, no time to waste, let’s move quickly.” He instructed.

Just as everyone was preparing to head to the central area of the formation to complete the final work,

Another cry rang out, attracting the attention of Li Fan and the others.

“Huh? Look, Guo Yezhong, who has always been ranked last, is finally moving!”

“Indeed, although his points are pitifully low, he is still ranked last, but at least he’s finally starting to work.”

…

Li Fan, Xue Mu, and Jiang Qigui looked at each other.

They all felt something was amiss.

Did Guo Yezhong gain points at the same time the first Tianxuan Spirit Lock Array was completed?

Is there any connection between them?

Li Fan turned his gaze to Huangfu Song, seeking answers.

The chubby man just shrugged, looking like he absolutely had no idea.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 371: Locking Spirit Formation First Completed Emperor Fu Song Ming knew that there was no answer, and Li Fan and others were helpless.


But it was just out of curiosity, without much entanglement.

Gathering around the established central area of the Locking Spirit Formation, they walked towards it.

The final division of labor had been discussed long ago.

Xue Mu was responsible for inspecting the previously built formation units, while Jiang Qigui was responsible for fixing and debugging the formation hubs.

Li Fan, on the other hand, remained in the middle, moving as needed.

Wherever help was needed, he went.

Jiang Qigui’s formation level was still trustworthy.

And Xue Mu had always been diligent and rarely made mistakes.

With Li Fan as the coordinator, the three worked together, completing the construction of the Locking Spirit Formation over two days faster than originally planned, shrouding the depths of the abyss with imminent completion.

As a precaution, they chose the low tide period after the outbreak of the Demon Sound Tide to perform the final steps.

After confirmation that everything was correct.

The Locking Spirit Formation hub flew out from Emperor Fu Song’s forehead, turning into a constantly flickering red phantom.

Jiang Qigui’s expression was extremely solemn as he guided the hub into the prepared core formation.

There was no sign of Li Fan’s indifference when testing the hub.

The red phantom cooperatively flew into the midst of the dense formations.

At the moment of its return, the intense green light completely enveloped the red one.

Starting from the central singularity, countless rays of light bloomed, connecting with numerous formation units around the Locking Spirit Formation.

Penetrating the white mist and spreading outward, each formation structure was lit up one by one.

Thus, amidst the vast white mist, such a strange scene appeared.

In the white mist, blue light emanated from the central singularity, spreading layer by layer along the veins of the Locking Spirit Formation.

In an instant, a magnificent circular blue giant web emerged, covering the entire abyss.

The devouring white mist and occasional demonic sounds couldn’t obscure its magnificent and majestic figure.

Most of those present were the builders of the formation.

At this moment, watching their creation, which they had labored over for years, finally come to fruition, they were filled with mixed emotions.

Li Fan, on the other hand, stared at the brightest blue spot in the center of the formation and sighed, “Only with the Tianxuan can spirits be locked.”

“The curtain of the widespread Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation is finally about to rise. I wonder how the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will evolve in the future.”

“Let’s just observe for now. If things really go south, we can resort to the Truth directly,” Li Fan said.

“But I’ve calculated my efforts. With so much hard work, there should be some merits. It’s inconceivable that I’ll be left with so little lifespan in this world, unable to live out my natural life, right?”

While Li Fan was pondering inwardly, the Tianxuan Formation hub finally completed its integration with the Locking Spirit Formation.

The magnificent blue giant web receded like a tide in an instant, but at the same time, Li Fan felt a faint sensation in his heart.

It was as if there were eyes above everyone’s heads, constantly observing him.

Under Emperor Fu Song’s leadership, everyone cheered and celebrated the smooth completion of the formation.

It seemed that no one noticed.

Only Xue Mu, who appeared honest and taciturn, subtly raised his head for a glance.

…

After Emperor Fu Song successfully accepted the inspection, the construction of the formations outside the Abyssal Roar had come to an end.

On the way back to the Severed Palm Immortal City, Li Fan inquired about Emperor Fu Song’s next plans.

“According to the original plan, I will rendezvous with Director Ji and build a Locking Spirit Formation outside the newly discovered ‘Lost Battlefield’ maze,” Emperor Fu Song replied.

“But…”

Emperor Fu Song paused, his expression solemn. “That maze is rather peculiar and extremely dangerous.”

“After careful evaluation, the alliance has decided to temporarily suspend the construction of formations in the Lost Battlefield and instead seal it off.”

“Since you have completed the construction of a Locking Spirit Formation, there will be no mandatory requirements for your future work,” Emperor Fu Song continued.

“In other words, if you wish, you can directly return to rest.”

“Of course, if you want to compete for rankings, you can choose to support the construction of formations in other areas.”

“However, only the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance can see the progress of formation construction in various areas and the current personnel in charge.”

“To maximize efficiency in competing for rankings, it’s best to resort to some extraordinary means,” Emperor Fu Song lightly coughed, wearing an expression that said ‘you know what I mean’.

Xue Mu and Jiang Qigui pondered upon hearing this.

They thought about what they had that could impress this senior.

Li Fan, however, remained indifferent: “My life is nearing its end. Soon, I will journey to the underworld to meet with Daoist Dantai Tao. Competing for rankings doesn’t matter to me.”

“But I am indeed curious about the ‘Lost Battlefield’ that Senior Fu just mentioned.”

Emperor Fu Song, who had maintained his composure, couldn’t help but twitch his face when he heard Li Fan mention Dantai Tao again.

Suppressing his impulse, he coldly snorted after Li Fan’s inquiry and proceeded to answer.

“It’s not really a secret, and there’s no harm in telling you,” Emperor Fu Song began.

“As the name suggests, the new maze in the Lost Battlefield is a relic of an ancient great war.”

“Spanning over a thousand and six hundred miles, countless cultivators perished within it.”

“Not only has the thick smell of blood not dissipated, but the fallen cultivators also seem to remain frozen in the moment of their deaths.”

“It’s as if this brutal battle occurred just recently.”

Emperor Fu Song squinted his eyes, as if reminiscing about the sights in the Lost Battlefield.

“What’s even more bizarre is that we can’t distinguish the main parties involved in the conflict.”

“Some wore the same faction attire, some may have perished together in mutual slaughter, while others may have jointly confronted formidable enemies, perishing heroically together.”

“It’s more like a chaotic brawl where distinctions blur, rather than a traditional battlefield.”

Hearing Emperor Fu Song’s description, Li Fan couldn’t help but recall the previously seen Maze of Chaos.

It seemed as if time had frozen there, with corpses still vividly lifelike.

The culprit there was the Heavenly Doctor. Who could be responsible for this Lost Battlefield?

While he was pondering, Xue Mu couldn’t help but ask, “Senior Fu, you just said that this Lost Battlefield is extremely dangerous. Why is that?”

“Could it be that the deceased cultivators will come back to life and launch attacks?”

Emperor Fu Song shook his head, denying, “They are already dead and cannot die again. A light touch will turn them into ashes.”

“The real danger comes from the maze itself.”

“When Director Ji led a team into it for the first time, they fell under its influence.”

“While they were awestruck by the scene of the ancient brutal war, Director Ji suddenly found himself besieged by fellow cultivators accompanying him.”

“Besieged?!” Xue Mu couldn’t help but exclaim in shock.

“Lost… Could it be?” After a moment, he immediately realized, his face filled with horror.

Emperor Fu Song nodded slowly, “Yes, those cultivators were Director Ji’s trusted aides, absolutely loyal and dependable.”

“But even so, once they entered that maze, they lost their minds.”

“Treating Director Ji as a mortal enemy, they attacked without reservation.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 372: Credit Where Its Due


“Where’s Director Ji? Has he lost his senses?” Li Fan keenly sensed the crux of the issue and spoke up.

Huangfu Song glanced at Li Fan and cleared his throat. “Director Ji’s cultivation is profound and unfathomable, naturally he wouldn’t lose his self-will.”

“Unfortunately, those accompanying cultivators, each with considerable cultivation levels. When they joined forces, Director Ji found it somewhat difficult to withstand.”

“For the sake of self-preservation, Director Ji had no choice but to eliminate them all.”

Huangfu Song appeared deeply regretful.

Li Fan and others were taken aback by his words.

Subsequently, they seemed to have some realization but dared not delve deeper.

“Indeed, it’s too dangerous. No wonder it had to be temporarily sealed.” Li Fan nodded in agreement.

Huangfu Song gave Li Fan a warning glance and transmitted, “Kid, what needed to be told to you has been said. Don’t push it.”

Li Fan just pretended not to hear.

“I’ll be heading to other regions tomorrow to oversee the construction of formations.”

“If any of you have needs, you can come find me before that.”

Upon reaching the Eternal Immortal Stronghold, Huangfu Song wore a smile as he addressed Xue Mu and Jiang Qigui.

As for Li Fan, he didn’t even spare them a glance before leaving with a swish of his sleeves.

Li Fan didn’t mind.

After years of hard work, success finally came.

The first thing everyone did upon returning to the Severed Palm Immortal City was to check their rankings on the leaderboard.

Within these five days, there had been earth-shattering changes in the points leaderboard.

Jiang Qigui’s contribution soared due to his management of the Tianxuan Array Pivot.

Li Fan, on the other hand, relied on his previous advantages, having only a slightly higher total points.

But both of them had dropped out of the top ten, nearing around the twentieth position.

“Looking at it this way, in these past few days, many places have completed the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Array. Even some unfamiliar faces have appeared in the top rankings.”

“I find it somewhat unfair. Building arrays above the Abyssal Roar is much more difficult compared to ordinary domains. Master Li should have earned more points.”

“Is it possible that the points have been increased due to the difficulty? After all, while the Abyssal Roar is perilous, it may not necessarily be the most dangerous place in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

…

“Li Fan, look, Guo Yezhong has actually jumped to the three hundredth position!”

Amidst the discussions, Xue Mu transmitted to Li Fan.

“Hmm, I’ve noticed too. What’s your opinion, friend?” Li Fan inquired.

“Everyone’s points are not static, but constantly increasing. In this situation, Guo Yezhong actually managed to surpass others.”

“Moreover, it was only after many formations were completed that this explosive advancement occurred…”

“I think, perhaps this person was involved in the initial design of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Array.”

Though Xue Mu seemed taciturn, he was by no means dull.

At this moment, he calmly analyzed, “Director Ji once said that the number of points is determined based on the contributions to the completion of the formations.”

“And as the founder of the formations, naturally, he deserves credit for each completed one.”

“Only then can we explain the current situation.”

Li Fan recalled the appearance of Guo Yezhong he saw in the Universal Altar.

“At that time, he was just a Golden Core Formation Master, wasn’t he?” He asked with a smile.

Upon hearing this, Xue Mu also felt somewhat hesitant.

“Perhaps he just came up with one of the ideas?” He hesitated.

“Speculation is pointless. Let’s focus on our own tasks.” Li Fan advised.

Xue Mu looked at the aged Li Fan, his expression solemn, nodding in agreement.

“Participating in the initial design of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Array, then reaping the benefits.”

“Not only can he gain a large number of points out of thin air in this grand competition, but once the Spirit Locking Array is fully popularized, his status and position will undoubtedly rise.”

“It’s a good plan!”

Having parted ways with Xue Mu and returning to his own room, Li Fan couldn’t help but think so.

“If time could be turned back thirty years, perhaps there would be no one in this world who understands the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Array better than me.”

“Wonderful! Just need to be cautious when revealing it…”

Li Fan pondered leisurely.

After nightfall, Li Fan quietly arrived at Huangfu Song’s place.

It seemed as if Huangfu Song had long anticipated Li Fan’s arrival; there was a bowl of spiritual tea on the table, waiting for him.

“Green Dragon Whiskers, can extend life by ten years. It can barely prolong your little life.” Huangfu Song said mockingly.

Li Fan didn’t bother with niceties and drank it all in one go.

Licking his lips, he looked at the truth panel.

Only increased the upper limit of physiological age by one year.

“It’s really just barely.” Li Fan shook his head, looking genuinely unimpressed.

Huangfu Song chuckled a bit at being teased but didn’t dwell on it, instead cutting straight to the point, “You said you’re a dying man, why push yourself so hard?”

“Living out the rest of my life leisurely, isn’t that good?”

“Still thinking about competing on the leaderboard? What are you thinking?”

In front of Huangfu Song, Li Fan no longer showed the selflessness and integrity as seen by outsiders, but changed his rhetoric.

“It’s precisely because the end is near that I must strive harder.”

“Only then can I seek life amidst death and regain a glimmer of hope.”

Li Fan’s words were resolute.

“Oh? How so?” Huangfu Song became interested.

“Being trapped in the Great Tide of Demonic Sounds and the Devouring Elemental Mist was indeed unexpected. Almost depleting my lifespan for help was also beyond my expectations.”

“I still have less than a hundred years in this world. Facing death, how can I accept it?”

“Naturally, I want to stay alive.”

“But those longevity treasures are too precious for me. Even if I exhaust my remaining years, I may not be able to obtain one.”

“To stay alive, I naturally have to resort to other methods, a roundabout way to save myself.”

“Although there’s no absolute certainty, it’s definitely worth the gamble.”

The gleam in Li Fan’s eyes was incongruent with his extremely aged appearance.

Huangfu Song became even more curious: “A gamble? What are you gambling on?”

Li Fan’s expression was serious as he said, word by word: “I’m gambling…”

“On the fact that the Alliance won’t let down those who have contributed!”

“Especially in the matter of constructing the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Array!”

Huangfu Song stared at Li Fan in astonishment, then drank the Green Dragon Whiskers tea in front of him.

Li Fan continued, eloquently, “Both you and I know the importance of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Array.”

“And my desperate efforts to build the formation have spread throughout the world.”

“Whose handwriting it is, naturally, needs no further explanation.”

“Before all the formations are completed, is it better for me, a ‘worldwide role model’, to die miserably, or for the Alliance to come forward and save my life?”

“Compared to the hard work of inspiring formation masters worldwide, a few longevity treasures shouldn’t count for much.”

“So, as of now, not only am I not afraid of imminent death, I even feel that I have too much remaining lifespan!”

“Senior Huangfu, that cup of tea you just had almost cost me my life.”

“How do you intend to compensate?”

After saying this, Li Fan looked quietly at Huangfu Song.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 373: Seemingly False, Actually True


Huangfu Song heard Li Fan’s somewhat rogue words and couldn’t help but feel not annoyed, but rather showed a somewhat approving expression.

“When I heard about your deeds before, I thought you had been possessed.”

“How come, you have nothing to do with the words ‘self-sacrifice’ and ‘selflessness’.”

“It’s just that your actions are seen by everyone, and they cannot be faked. I’ve been puzzled for a long time.”

“Today, your words have dispelled my doubts.”

Huangfu Song looked at Li Fan and nodded slightly: “You, little brat, are ruthless!”

Li Fan remained unchanged: “Senior, you praise too much! I wonder how this compensation will be.”

Huangfu Song patted his stomach and sneered: “You just want to know from me where to compete most efficiently next. Why bother with all these twists and turns.”

With that, he pointed in front of Li Fan.

In an instant, the construction of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array, which covered most of the current territories of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and the information of the corresponding array masters, densely and meticulously, entered Li Fan’s sight.

Not only were the points rankings of each array master on the current big competition leaderboard marked, but even the predictive abilities of each player’s future competition were intimately addressed.

Huangfu Song proudly said: “This is the top-secret list that was newly released yesterday. Although a day has passed, the points will change again. But it can definitely be used as a reference.”

“Ordinary people want to see it, they have to pay a price.”

Li Fan quickly scanned the contents of the list.

After a moment, he frowned slightly.

Huangfu Song saw Li Fan’s expression and was somewhat surprised: “What, Li kid, aren’t you satisfied?”

“Senior Huangfu, it seems that some places are missing from this list?” Li Fan asked, his gaze piercing.

“Missing? Impossible! I…”

Before Huangfu Song could finish his retort, Li Fan interrupted directly: “What about the Five Elements Great Cave?”

Huangfu Song froze in place.

But Li Fan continued incessantly: “As the fuse that caused the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders’ Heavenly Spirit Province to have a great battle thousands of years ago, and now the main source of countless resources within the alliance, such an important place, it’s impossible not to set up a Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array, right?”

“And what about the Endless Sea? A training holy land that countless cultivators dream of, once crossing the sea, they can reach the peak of the current realm in one go. I didn’t see it on the list either.”

“Xingzhu Yuan, Jieshi Tian…”

“Although I’m ignorant, I’ve still heard of these places,” Li Fan said, in order to conceal his true intentions, he mentioned many secret and important places in succession.

These were all things Li Fan had learned from browsing secret documents in daily life and had not actually visited.

However, at this moment, bringing them out to confuse the situation couldn’t be better.

“You know quite a lot.” Being exposed by Li Fan, Huangfu Song’s expression remained unchanged.

With a grumble, Huangfu Song said seriously, “Let’s be direct. You also know the importance of these places. It’s simply impossible to let outsiders enter at will.”

“That’s right. Building formations in these places does indeed yield several times the contribution of ordinary areas.

“But the relevant formations are all managed by specific people. You, a junior, without connections or backing, still want to sneak in to earn points…”

“You’re really overthinking it.”

Huangfu Song shook his head repeatedly, “Look at the many people on the big competition leaderboard, who among them can do it?”

“Are they stronger than you?”

Li Fan, faced with Huangfu Song’s denial, didn’t feel disheartened for a moment; instead, he seized the key point.

Thoughtfully, he said, “Senior’s meaning is, as long as one has connections and a background, it’s not impossible to participate in the construction of these formations in these areas, right?”

Huangfu Song was rendered speechless by Li Fan’s unique line of thought.

Just as he was about to make a mocking remark, he saw Li Fan deep in thought, and inexplicably, he felt a shock in his heart.

“Could it be that you really have some backing?” Huangfu Song asked suspiciously.

Li Fan, however, didn’t directly answer, just smiled faintly, “Just doing what one can, that’s all. Perhaps this matter will still require Senior Huangfu’s mediation in the future.”

These ambiguous words made Huangfu Song even more uncertain.

“If there’s anything I can do, I’ll contact Senior again later. I hope Senior will help me when the time comes.” Li Fan said politely.

With that, he was about to leave the room.

Watching Li Fan’s departing figure, Huangfu Song’s gaze flickered.

After hesitating for a moment, he couldn’t help but ask, “Regarding Dantai Tao…”

Li Fan didn’t stop walking, and in an instant, he had disappeared from Huangfu Song’s sight.

Only a faint voice lingered, echoing in the room.

“Just a joke from a junior. If Senior feels bothered by it after helping me several times, then I won’t mention it again in the future.”

Huangfu Song stared in the direction where Li Fan disappeared, his expression inexplicable.

With a cold snort, he slammed the door of the room shut.

Li Fan remained composed and returned to his own residence.

Li Fan wasn’t sure whether the untimely death of Dantai Tao and the others was really related to Huangfu Song.

However, when Li Fan initially casually mentioned Dantai Tao to tease Huangfu Song, he noticed a hint of strangeness in his somewhat overreacted expression.

He even faintly felt a killing intent directed towards him.

Although it was almost imperceptible, Li Fan, who had mastered the “Formless Killing Intent”, was extremely sensitive to murderous intent.

It could be basically confirmed that at that moment, Huangfu Song did indeed have the thought of killing Li Fan.

This made Li Fan somewhat curious.

So, from then on, Li Fan continuously used the death of Dantai Tao to test Huangfu Song’s bottom line.

What surprised him was that whenever Li Fan mentioned Dantai Tao, Huangfu Song really became somewhat more agreeable.

And because of this, his attitude towards Li Fan was also different from that towards other disciples.

Until today, Huangfu Song’s question.

It was considered to confirm that there was indeed some connection between him and the deaths of Dantai Tao and the other disciples.

The possibility of him personally taking action was unlikely, otherwise, he should have been dealt with long ago.

However, it was still possible that he had done things like revealing information about Dantai Tao and the others.

This was also why Huangfu Song was somewhat sensitive to the three words “Dantai Tao”.

Because he couldn’t stand serious investigation.

Although time had passed, and the names of Dantai Tao and the others had been almost forgotten by the vast majority of people.

But Li Fan always brought it up in front of Huangfu Song every once in a while.

And indeed, it made him somewhat uneasy.

Li Fan naturally understood the principle of moderation.

Since Huangfu Song had made his intentions clear today, it would be impossible for Li Fan to pretend to be ignorant as he did before.

The conveyed meaning was also very clear: as long as you help me one last time.

Then from now on, I will never mention this matter again.

Li Fan had already obtained plenty of information from Huangfu Song, and it wouldn’t be good to push him too far.

Li Fan made this statement without any reluctance.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 374: Ten Thousand Miles of Burning Sands


Li Fan and Huangfu Song had vastly different levels of strength and status. Naturally, threats carried risks. However, due to the strange phenomena that occur after a cultivator’s death, it was difficult to kill and silence someone without being discovered. Moreover, Li Fan had now become a role model for the world, living under the spotlight. Even if Huangfu Song wanted to act, he had to consider the consequences. Huangfu Song was certainly not prepared or determined to exchange his life for Li Fan’s. Compromise was inevitable.

Therefore, although this move seemed dangerous, it was well within Li Fan’s plan.

“The Great Five Elements Subworld…”

Li Fan pondered for a moment, closed his eyes, and began to connect with Lu Xuejing, whom he had not contacted since he subdued her. The Fisherman’s methods were indeed incredibly mysterious. Even in the thick white fog, he could communicate with his subordinate from an unknown distance at any time.

“Master…”

Feeling Li Fan’s summons, after a moment, Lu Xuejing’s timid voice sounded. Without any small talk after a long time of no contact, Li Fan directly inquired about her recent situation. After understanding her general circumstances, Li Fan thought for a while and then asked about her mother’s whereabouts. The loyal Lu Xuejing told him everything truthfully.

“My mother has been very busy recently, constantly patrolling various subworlds.”

“These are places I’ve never heard of. Sometimes she even loses contact for a long time…”

Listening to this, Li Fan slowly formed a plan. Before ending the contact, Li Fan comforted and praised the young girl. Lu Xuejing was extremely excited, her soft voice very pleasing to the ear. After instructing her on the planned matters, Li Fan reluctantly ended the communication.

“Whether the plan succeeds or not depends on my luck,” Li Fan thought to himself. Fortunately, Li Fan’s luck was not bad. The next day, when Huangfu Song was about to depart from Duanzhang Immortal City on the Dust Crossing Boat, Li Fan received a message from Lu Xuejing. A gleam of light flashed in Li Fan’s eyes as he flew onto the Dust Crossing Boat.

“What do you want now, boy?” Huangfu Song’s expression was unfriendly as he looked at the intruding Li Fan. He dismissed the others and took Li Fan to a closed cabin. His cold eyes fixed on Li Fan, waiting for his explanation.

“To compete for rankings, I want to make a desperate effort. Other aspects have been taken care of, but now I need senior’s help one more time.” Huangfu Song was stunned, “So soon?” He narrowed his eyes, observing Li Fan carefully. After a moment of thought, he asked, “What do you want me to do?”

Li Fan said in a low voice, “I want senior to change course and take me to the Green River Deep Gorge as quickly as possible.”

“Green River Deep Gorge?” Huangfu Song was slightly surprised. “Why do you want to go there?”

Li Fan did not answer, instead he continued with his request: “And, you need to find a legitimate reason so that it doesn’t look abrupt to others.” Huangfu Song sneered, “You sure have a lot of demands.”

He did not refuse outright but fell into a long silence, seemingly contacting someone. Li Fan stood still, waiting patiently. After a cup of tea’s time, Huangfu Song nodded slightly and looked at Li Fan again.

“You’re in luck. I have a friend currently overseeing the construction of an array at Green River Deep Gorge.”

“The construction is nearly complete, and his next destination is close to mine.”

“We haven’t seen each other in a long time, so I’ll meet him and catch up,” Huangfu Song said succinctly.

Li Fan was delighted and bowed, “Thank you, senior.” Huangfu Song put away his smile, “Don’t play games with me. I’m helping you because I want to see who your backer really is.”

Li Fan replied seriously, “Senior overthinks. I am a lone wolf, with no backing to speak of.”

Huangfu Song, seeing that Li Fan was still pretending to be ignorant, did not argue further. He simply sneered.

“How long will it take to reach Green River Deep Gorge?” Li Fan asked nonchalantly.

“If we’re quick, two days; if slow, seven days. It depends on any unforeseen circumstances along the way,” Huangfu Song answered impatiently. “Just wait patiently. Since I promised you, I won’t mess around.”

Li Fan nodded slightly and thanked him again.

The sudden change of destination for the Dust Crossing Boat surprised the cultivators on board. However, since it was Huangfu Song who commanded it, they did not dare to voice any objections. The Dust Crossing Boat turned into a red light, piercing through the devouring white mist and moving rapidly. After leaving the white mist barrier, it first flew to the nearest Quyang Immortal City and used the teleportation array there to reach a barren land filled with scorched earth. Then, it continued to speed towards its goal.

“This is the Ten Thousand Miles of Burning Sands, and Green River Deep Gorge is deep within,” Huangfu Song explained as he noticed Li Fan curiously observing the outside scenery.

Even with the array’s barrier, Li Fan could still feel the intense heat from the outside. It was a pure, destructive force that seemed to burn everything in its path. The sky and earth seemed to be filled with dark red energy. The ground was cracked, and the sky seemed to be burning with flames.

“A thousand years ago, this place was also a good place. Unfortunately, it has now turned into this hellish sight,” Huangfu Song sighed, moved by the desolate scene. “If it weren’t for the uniqueness of Green River Deep Gorge, the alliance would have abandoned this area long ago.”

“What is special about Green River Deep Gorge?” Li Fan asked, following up on Huangfu Song’s words.

“You don’t know?” Huangfu Song was genuinely surprised. “Then why are you in such a hurry to go there?”

Li Fan showed an innocent expression, making Huangfu Song’s face twitch. However, his good temper kept him from getting angry. Instead, he explained again, “Green River Deep Gorge itself isn’t special. But it produces a greenish stone that has a strong suppressive effect on spiritual energy.”

“For us cultivators, without special countermeasures, approaching it would cause all our spiritual energy to be suppressed, making us as weak as mortals.”

“This stone is called Spirit Transformation Stone by the alliance.”

Upon hearing this, Li Fan felt that the stone seemed familiar, as if he had seen it somewhere before. But he couldn’t recall it. Li Fan realized that it might be related to the vanished avatar’s experiences, so he didn’t dwell on it.

After thinking for a while, Li Fan asked again, “I once read about an ancient stone called Juexian Stone. It seems to have similar effects to the Spirit Transformation Stone.”

“Are they the same thing?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 375: Green River Deep Gorge


It seemed that Li Fan’s extensive knowledge was already taken for granted.

Li Fan could pose such a tricky and peculiar question, and Huangfu Song was not surprised in the least.

Instead, he smirked and retorted, “If you ask me, who should I ask?”

“If you’re really curious, why not experience it yourself later?”

Being teased by Huangfu Song, Li Fan didn’t mind.

From his limited understanding, since the Tianxuan Mirror had a thousand threads of connection with the ancient treasure of the Xuantian Sect, the Xuantian Treasure Mirror, then the Spirit Transformation Stone and the Immortal Stone were very likely the same thing.

Huangfu Song’s words actually hit the nail on the head and were not wrong.

He had used the Immortal Stone in the Fallen Immortal Realm before.

When he sees the Spirit Transformation Stone again later, he will naturally know whether these two are the same thing or not.

…

Thousands of miles of blazing flames, truly a vast expanse of land.

After flying swiftly for several days on the Dust Crossing Boat, all Li Fan saw was the unchanging desolation of the apocalypse.

Only the scorching heat endured between heaven and earth, with no traces of any other life.

During this journey, there were also occasional bursts of molten fire erupting from the ground suddenly.

Like dark red dragons leaping into the abyss, they stirred up chaos and turmoil in the surrounding space.

Facing such terrifying circumstances, the Dust Crossing Boat had no choice but to detour.

Danger came not only from underground.

Deadly crises could also descend from overhead at any moment.

Irregularly, meteors would suddenly fall from the sky like flowing stars, colliding with the ground and erupting with terrifying energy that devastated everything.

Li Fan once saw a huge fire meteor falling in the distance.

The shockwave it brought along with the scorching fire blew the Dust Crossing Boat like a floating duckweed in the wind, losing control and tumbling incessantly.

“What kind of place is this…”

In the thousands of miles of blazing flames, every step was perilous; a slight carelessness could mean death.

Li Fan, seeing such a dangerous territory for the first time, couldn’t help but feel a bit solemn.

Fortunately, the helmsman Huangfu Song was experienced and had been here before.

After a total of five days, the group finally arrived safely at their destination: the Spirit Transformation Gorge.

Even without Huangfu Song’s notification, Li Fan knew from a distance.

It was simply because the Spirit Transformation Gorge was too conspicuous and unique in the thousands of miles of blazing flames.

A long and winding green ravine abruptly spanned the red earth.

As if an inexplicable scar had appeared, extending deep into the ground.

Along the way, the seemingly destructive molten fire kept spewing and encroaching upon the deep green gorge.

However, in the moment of nearing, everything instantly completed the transformation from red to green.

The molten fire turned into a cyan stream of air, rising high into the sky.

“Be careful. There might be a little turbulence ahead.”

As the Dust Crossing Boat rushed into the Spirit Transformation Gorge, Huangfu Song’s “kind” reminder suddenly sounded in Li Fan’s ears.

Before the words had even settled, the flying Dust Crossing Boat lost power in an instant.

Even the momentum to move forward vanished.

Until it fell to the bottom of the deep gorge.

And Li Fan also felt the powerful aura of annihilation within the Spirit Transformation Gorge, which was no different from an ordinary person.

Instantly, his heart felt as if it had been lifted.

Within the Dust Crossing Boat, intermittent exclamations were heard.

Just as Li Fan almost thought that disaster was imminent.

A powerful stream of air gushed out inexplicably from the bottom of the Spirit Transformation Gorge.

And collided head-on with the falling Dust Crossing Boat.

As if being swept by a gale, the boat shook violently, and its speed gradually slowed down.

When the airflow disappeared, the Dust Crossing Boat also managed to stop precariously.

“Come out, all of you.”

In Huangfu Song’s command, everyone stepped out of the cabin and onto the deck.

“Hahaha, Brother Huangfu! Safe and sound, I see!”

A hearty laughter suddenly rang out, and not long after, a lean man with a bare upper body leaped from below and landed directly on the Dust Crossing Boat.

With a bang, the movement was quite significant.

The entire boat swayed slightly.

“Brother Dongfang! Long time no see!” Huangfu Song’s fat face immediately lit up with a smile. He warmly approached and embraced Dongfang.

“It’s been twenty-three years since we parted ways at the Thousand Pages Forest. Brother Dongfang, you’re still as impressive as ever!”

After the two men released each other, Huangfu Song looked Dongfang up and down, praising him with admiration.

“Not comparable to Brother Huangfu’s continuous cultivation progress, which makes me envious!” Dongfang had no reservations, patting Huangfu Song’s big belly and laughing.

Huangfu Song showed no signs of annoyance: “It’s mutual admiration!”

While the two exchanged pleasantries, Li Fan also observed this renowned cultivator named Dongfang in secret.

From him, Li Fan also didn’t sense any trace of spiritual energy fluctuations.

Just now, when he leaped from the deep gorge below onto the Dust Crossing Boat, it seemed entirely accomplished through his physical body alone.

Although his body seemed somewhat frail, the sharp and distinct muscle lines revealed the explosive strength contained within.

This was the first time Li Fan had encountered someone with such a strong physique.

“Brother Huangfu, rest here for a few days. At most half a month, the grand formation here will be completed.” Dongfang said to Huangfu Song.

After speaking, a strange cry suddenly emanated from his throat.

Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly, feeling that the sound was somewhat familiar.

Suddenly, the “earth” beneath his feet, where the Dust Crossing Boat was located, began to shake.

A distant and loud roar echoed from the earth.

Subsequently, this piece of land began to move and fly.

Continuing downwards, it plunged deep into the Spirit Transformation Gorge.

“This is…”

“Boundary Rupture Whale?”

Li Fan was slightly startled.

Amidst the exclamations of the people on the boat, he finally saw that what was carrying the Dust Crossing Boat was not land at all.

It was a huge black beast.

From its appearance, it was extremely similar to the Boundary Rupture Whale that Li Fan had seen before, which sealed off mortal worlds.

“The airflow that just prevented the Dust Crossing Boat from crashing seems to have also come from this beast.”

As the giant beast continued to dive deeper, Li Fan observed carefully, lost in thought.

“It’s not a Boundary Rupture Whale, it’s much smaller in size. It just looks similar.”

The Spirit Transformation Gorge seemed bottomless, and even after flying for a long time, the giant beast still hadn’t reached the bottom.

On the cliffs on both sides, many exposed green stones could be seen.

Some cultivators dressed in peculiar clothing were suspended in mid-air.

Holding hammers and nails made of unknown materials, they were mining the Spirit Transformation Stones.

Occasionally, one could also encounter formation masters wearing the standard attire of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, hurriedly passing by the giant beast.

They seemed unaffected by the Spirit Transformation Stones and could still use the spiritual energy within their bodies.

After all, the Spirit Transformation Gorge was not a true bottomless abyss.

After about half a day’s time, with a cheerful roar from the whale-like creature, everyone finally arrived at the bottom of the Spirit Transformation Gorge.

A long river of green traversed the deep gorge.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 376: Chief Lu Arrives


Many buildings were erected above the turquoise river.

Supported only by several stone pillars.

The giant whale beast expelled a stream of air, gently placing the Dust Crossing Boat on a spacious platform.

Then it leaped into the river below.

A bizarre scene unfolded.

Despite its immense size, the beast jumped into the Qing River without splashing a drop of water.

Only rippling circles emerged, indicating that the whale’s leap was no illusion.

Dongfang led everyone off the Dust Crossing Boat, walking along the corridor towards the nearby cluster of buildings.

Walking on the Qing River, everyone felt somewhat scared.

Fearing the collapse of the pillars below and falling into the river.

This turquoise river seemed to be of the same origin as the Spirit Stone.

Countless rivers converged, suppressing spiritual energy to its limit here, causing Li Fan’s internal strength to completely dissipate.

Devoid of cultivation support, Li Fan, nearing his limit, felt the effects of aging more pronounced.

Even walking a few steps became somewhat wheezy.

It seemed like he might collapse any second.

Amidst the shock, Li Fan tried to call upon Truth and found it still responsive.

Only then did he relax.

“This ghostly place is only suitable for people like you.”

“Even if it’s not the first time here, I still can’t get used to it.”

After walking for a while, they finally arrived at a hall.

Huangfu Song wiped the sweat from his forehead, sighing.

“There’s no other choice. The quantity of Life Pearls is limited. Constructing the grand formation is urgent and cannot be delayed.”

“They’re all distributed to subordinates to expedite progress, with none to spare.”

“Otherwise, I could’ve given one to Brother Huangfu for emergencies,” Dongfang said with a smile.

Huangfu Song waved his hand: “The mission is urgent, the mission is urgent.”

“Finish the tasks quickly, then leave this ghostly place.”

Dongfang nodded, about to say something when his expression suddenly changed.

A streak of blue light suddenly flew in from outside, stopping directly in front of him.

Li Fan looked over, surprised to see a small, blue bird.

Fluttering its wings incessantly, chirping, as if conveying a message.

Dongfang seemed to understand this “bird language.”

With the blue bird’s chirping, he abruptly stood up, his expression turning more solemn.

“I understand, you may go now,” Dongfang said.

The bird transformed into blue light, disappearing instantly.

“What’s wrong?” Seeing Dongfang’s guarded demeanor, Huangfu Song couldn’t help but ask curiously.

Dongfang bowed slightly: “Brother Huangfu, forgive me for not accompanying you.”

“I received a sudden notice.”

“The Chief is about to come for inspection, so I need to make good use of time to inspect again, to prevent any oversights.”

Huangfu Song was also taken aback by his words.

He quickly stood up and asked, “The Chief? Which Chief?”

Dongfang smiled bitterly, “Who else could make me this nervous? Of course, it’s the highest Chief.”

Huangfu Song was somewhat horrified, “Lu…”

Before he could finish, Dongfang interrupted him.

“Shh, it’s enough that Brother Huangfu knows, remember not to spread it.”

Learning that the leader’s leader was about to come for inspection, Huangfu Song also became nervous.

“Understood, understood.”

“Official matters are urgent, Brother Dongfang, go busy yourself.”

“This rumored figure is not so easy to deal with…”

Huangfu nodded in agreement, about to say something more, but suddenly froze in place.

The shock on his face couldn’t be concealed any longer as he turned abruptly towards Li Fan, who was sitting quietly nearby with closed eyes.

It seemed the aging Li Fan wasn’t paying any attention to their conversation.

“Is this the reason he came here?”

“How could this be?!”

“Coincidence, or…”

Huangfu Song was not an ordinary person after all.

After a moment, he suppressed the unusual color on his face.

Dongfang seemed to sense something and glanced in the direction of Li Fan.

But he didn’t inquire further, bidding farewell and leaving.

After Dongfang left, Huangfu Song couldn’t contain himself any longer, calling Li Fan into an empty room.

Lowering his voice, he stared at Li Fan intently, “Kid, did you know Chief Lu was coming?”

Li Fan just smiled faintly, neither denying nor confirming.

Seeing this, Huangfu Song understood.

He then took a sharp intake of breath.

As a member of the Tianyu Province’s Formation Hall, Huangfu Song knew well the lofty status of Chief Lu.

Not to mention her own cultivation, just her authority as the chief formation master of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, commanding all formation affairs within the alliance, could crush Huangfu Song as easily as one would a mere ant.

All the formation masters of the Formation Hall in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, strictly speaking, were under her command.

And Chief Lu’s methods were ruthless and cold.

The group of people who once contended with her for the chief position, shortly after she took office, were all suppressed for various reasons.

Disappeared from the mortal world.

Such blatant retaliatory actions not only did not provoke opposition.

Instead, they gained strong support from the highest decision-making level of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Then, her series of vigorous reform measures, as well as several severe punishment methods.

All made the formation masters of the Formation Hall silent.

Even Huangfu Song once heard Ji Hongdao mention casually that the widespread dissemination plan of the Tianxuan Soul Locking Formation was proposed by this Chief Lu.

Countless rumors about her in the past kept surfacing in Huangfu Song’s mind.

Huangfu Song’s forehead was dripping with cold sweat.

This was such a big shot.

How could this unremarkable, seemingly unfounded little guy in front of him know her whereabouts days in advance?

What did this imply?

Even if his backing wasn’t Chief Lu herself.

He must be very close to Chief Lu.

…

Thinking of this, Huangfu Song couldn’t help but feel a little dry in his mouth.

“No wonder every time I look at this kid, I feel his aura is extraordinary, far from ordinary.”

“So he really has a powerful backing, and it’s so solid!”

Memories of Li Fan’s experiences flashed through Huangfu Song’s mind one by one, and he suddenly realized.

“No wonder he was so indifferent even when fighting for the rankings, despite being on the verge of death.”

“So he’s fearless.”

“No wonder his selfless dedication spread so quickly, almost throughout the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

“So it was premeditated.”

“All this self-sacrifice, it turns out he was just seizing this opportunity for personal gain.”

…

Several thoughts flashed through his mind, cursing inwardly.

Regardless of his inner complaints, Huangfu Song still put on a bright smile.

“Li Xiao…”

“Uh huh, Li Fan, my young friend, truly a hidden gem!”

“With such a relationship, why bother hiding it? You’re treating me like an outsider!”

Li Fan remained unchanged: “Senior Huangfu, I wonder what you’ve guessed.”

“But, I’m sure you’ve misunderstood.”

“Junior, there’s absolutely no powerful backing behind me.”

He said seriously.

“Acting, still pretending here. Just afraid of negative influence, that’s all.”

Thinking like this inwardly, but Huangfu Song immediately nodded solemnly, “I understand, I understand!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 377: Catalyzing the Spirit Pearl


Li Fan, seeing the situation, just smiled and didn’t explain further.

Huangfu Song, however, didn’t intend to let him off so easily, even though the two hadn’t had much interaction.

But that didn’t stop him from acting as if he were very familiar with Li Fan, enthusiastically engaging him.

“Senior Huangfu, how often do you usually see Chief Lu?”

Li Fan responded casually, and seeing Huangfu Song’s incessant chatter, he couldn’t help but interrupt and ask.

Huangfu Song couldn’t help but be stunned.

With some embarrassment, he replied, “Chief Lu’s status…”

Before he could finish speaking, Li Fan meaningfully interjected, “In that case, the opportunity is right in front of you. Senior Huangfu, why not take the opportunity to make a good impression?”

Huangfu Song was momentarily taken aback, then as if awakened from a dream.

He exclaimed, “You’re right. If I have the chance to enter Chief Lu’s eyes, the road to success is right in front of me!”

“Hehe, you can tell me these words. But in front of others, it’s better to be cautious,” Li Fan reminded again.

“Understood, understood,” Huangfu Song nodded quickly.

He then hurriedly left the place to find an “opportunity to perform.”

Only then did Li Fan find peace.

Being able to know Chief Lu’s whereabouts in advance was naturally through Lu Xuejing’s secret communication.

However, it stopped there.

He didn’t ask her to do more.

It’s not that Li Fan suddenly became kind-hearted, but he deeply understood that in front of Chief Lu, such a top-notch expert in the world,

Any slight abnormality in behavior might be noticed.

The fisherman’s methods were indeed mysterious, but whether they could withstand the scrutiny of the top powers of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was still unknown.

When it came to his own safety, Li Fan naturally had to be extremely cautious.

The so-called layout was not even worth mentioning.

With Golden Core cultivation, attempting to scheme against Dao Integration Immortals was simply seeking death. Li Fan wouldn’t be foolish to that extent.

What he did was merely creating an “encounter” opportunity with Chief Lu.

As for what would happen after the meeting, as Li Fan had said before,

Whether it succeeds or not, it all depends on fate.

Since Dongfang learned of Chief Lu’s impending inspection, the atmosphere at the entire Hualing Gorge suddenly changed.

There wasn’t a single idle person around, everyone was in a hurry, with solemn expressions.

Every cultivator was hurriedly moving about, their faces grave.

Huangfu Song himself repeatedly checked the parts where the formation was already completed, fearing any oversights.

The heavy atmosphere of preparation made the various cultivators who followed Huangfu Song here unable to sit still.

Moreover, seeing Huangfu Song, who had always been somewhat lazy, unexpectedly busy, they were not dull-witted people and immediately guessed that some big shot might be coming to inspect.

So they volunteered one after another to help out.

Having obtained a batch of elite assistance for no reason, the lean man named Dongfang naturally wouldn’t refuse.

Inside the Hualing Gorge, without a special response method, even cultivators found it difficult to move a step.

For this reason, Dongfang urgently requested a batch of “Spirit Pearls” so that Li Fan and the others could move freely.

“These were brought by Senior Dongfang Yao and are allocated to you all,” said a seven or eight-year-old child in black and white Daoist robes, with a clear and bright appearance.

He took out a white jade bottle from his bosom and extracted colorful, chaotic round beads from it, distributing them to everyone.

“Swallow them orally and place them in your dantian. You’ll be able to sense the flow of spiritual energy again,” although the child looked extremely young, he was quite experienced in explaining the usage and precautions of the Spirit Pearls.

Li Fan held the colorful Spirit Pearls in his hand, observed them for a moment, and didn’t see anything unusual for the time being.

He swallowed one.

As the Spirit Pearl entered his abdomen, various colored lights surged from it, spreading throughout his body.

As if it were a medicinal catalyst, it stirred up the dormant spiritual energy within his body.

The spiritual energy suppressed by the Hualing Gorge also recovered its vitality in an instant.

Although there was still a gap compared to fully unleashing it outside, it was barely enough to sustain the daily work needed.

“Rather than saying it’s lifting the suppression, it’s more like a catalyst, enhancing the efficiency of spiritual energy reactions,”

“Thus partially offsetting the deadening effect of the Hualing Gorge.”

“In that case, if these Spirit Pearls are taken in the ordinary areas outside, wouldn’t…”

Li Fan felt the peculiar spiritual energy mixed within him, pondering.

Just as he was contemplating, the child in front of him said, “The effect of the Spirit Pearls lasts for thirty days. You must pay attention to its expiration date. “

“There have been cases where cultivators were too engrossed in their work, forgot about the duration. After the effect expired, their spiritual power was completely depleted, and they fell from the sky, directly killed by the fall.”

“If you no longer want to use it midway, you can circulate your spiritual power and expel the remaining Spirit Pearls from your body,”

Hearing this, the cultivators nodded one after another.

“Oh, one more thing. Before leaving this Hualing Gorge, either wait for the Spirit Pearl’s effect to completely disappear, or directly expel the Spirit Pearl.”

“Don’t forget. Otherwise, there’s a risk of spiritual energy explosion. Of course, if you have a physique as strong as Senior Dongfang Yao’s and aren’t afraid of spiritual energy turmoil, then just ignore what I said.”

The child left no detail unaddressed, having said what needed to be said.

He bowed to everyone and then, in full view of everyone, transformed into a single-footed white bird and flew away.

With the assistance of the Spirit Pearls, everyone regained their vitality and immediately threw themselves into the construction support of the formation.

With a practiced hand, they quickly blended into the atmosphere of the Hualing Gorge.

And so, a day passed.

Li Fan, who was conducting a check on the formation units, suddenly felt something and stopped his work, looking up.

He saw a rainbow crossing the sky, tearing through the dark red of the Burning Ember Wasteland for thousands of miles, heading straight for the Hualing Gorge below.

The calm green river seemed to sense something, waves rippling without wind.

The suppression suddenly rose by a level, catching the cultivators who could only move freely with the help of the Spirit Pearls off guard.

The imbalance of spiritual power nearly caused them to fall from the sky.

At this moment, Li Fan saw countless transparent patterns emanating from the rainbow.

Expanding outward continuously, like a sky-covering curtain, it instantly enveloped the entire Hualing Gorge.

“Formation?”

Li Fan looked up, his eyes flashing with brilliance.

The patterns flickered, and in an instant, a large formation took shape.

The calm green river seemed to be heavily pressed down, instantly becoming tranquil, with the surface of the river even slightly lowering as a whole.

The cultivators within the formation all felt a sense of relief.

The suppression effect of the Hualing Gorge seemed to disappear in an instant.

Under the escort of more than ten black-clad cultivators, Lu Xichan, dressed in white, stepped on the rainbow light.

She descended in front of everyone.

“Greetings, Chief!”

Dongfang Yao and Huangfu Song hurriedly flew forward, bowing respectfully.

Lu Xichan swept her gaze over the two, her expression cold.

“Let’s go, take me to see the progress of the formation construction.”

TOC |Next Chapter

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 378: The Hidden Mystery of Tianxuan


After Li Fan and the others disappeared from the sight of the crowd, the cultivators present were extremely excited.

They communicated with each other using their spiritual senses.

“We knew a big shot was coming, but we never expected it to be Senior Disciple Lu!”

“Excuse my ignorance, but who exactly is this Senior Disciple Lu?”

“Are you kidding me, brother? Which province are you from if you don’t even know the name of our Chief Formation Master from the Array Hall?”

“With Senior Disciple Lu’s mastery in Dao Integration, she can sweep through the entire Hualing Gorge with just a thought. Does she really need to inspect each place separately?”

“You don’t understand. It’s necessary to maintain appearances. If she just comes and goes without seriously inspecting any place, wouldn’t it seem…”

“Brother, watch your words!”

…

Li Fan did not participate in this lively discussion.

He simply proceeded with the examination of the formation units as if nothing had happened.

Because he faintly sensed a vast spiritual sense continuously scanning above the Hualing Gorge.

“Everyone knows they need to keep up appearances, yet they foolishly discuss under others’ noses using their spiritual senses. Do they really think spiritual communication is absolutely safe?” Li Fan shook his head inwardly.

He maintained his composure, refusing to engage in such reckless behavior.

After the initial excitement, an order was issued, causing everyone to groan in misery.

The Senior will depart in two days.

Before that, everyone needed to work harder.

They had to complete the construction of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array thoroughly.

Although the original progress was almost sufficient, now they had to compress the schedule forcefully into two days.

The suddenly increased workload was nearly tripled.

But since the command came directly from Dongfang Yao, the wording was extremely stern.

People knew Senior Disciple Lu was present, so they didn’t dare to complain.

They could only work desperately.

Fortunately for Li Fan, continuous work without rest was just ordinary for him.

His expression remained unchanged, without any variation.

To prevent mistakes during the busy period, Huangfu Song and Dongfang Yao also appeared from time to time to check the progress.

As for Senior Disciple Lu herself, after showing herself that day, she never appeared in front of everyone again.

No one knew what she was busy with.

But the massive spiritual sense enveloping the Hualing Gorge never left for a moment.

So Li Fan diligently continued his work, showing no signs of abnormality.

Time flew by amidst everyone’s dedicated efforts.

In the blink of an eye, two days had already passed.

Just as the Tianxuan Array Hub and Locking Spirit Array were about to take shape completely,

Senior Disciple Lu finally appeared again.

“Let me install this Tianxuan Mirror myself,” she proposed, surprising everyone.

Although it was unexpected, no one dared to disobey Senior Disciple Lu’s command.

Dongfang Yao looked a bit nervous as he handed the red phantom formed by the Tianxuan Array Hub to Lu Xichan.

In the central core area of the formation, amidst the attention of everyone present, Senior Disciple Lu placed the Tianxuan Mirror.

The mirror seemed extremely familiar to her.

Almost without manipulation, it cleverly found its position and began to integrate with the surrounding formation.

It looked exactly like the scene Li Fan witnessed outside the Abyss of Roaring Depths.

One after another, green rays of light expanded outward from the central hub of the formation.

“Huh?”

Li Fan keenly sensed that there seemed to be a slight difference in the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array here compared to the one he constructed.

He didn’t show any abnormality on his face.

His thoughts raced.

“What’s different?”

If one were to simply examine it from the perspective of formation knowledge, Senior Disciple Lu’s actions could be described as flawless, with no discernible flaws.

But Li Fan couldn’t shake off the feeling that somewhere in the key points of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array, there was a subtle change.

Quietly watching the formation take shape, that feeling of being constantly under surveillance reappeared.

Li Fan’s heart skipped a beat as he suddenly realized where his feeling came from.

Just as the construction of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array was completed in an instant, the previously unknown formation with transparent patterns enveloping the Hualing Gorge also dissipated at the same time.

And the massive spiritual sense Li Fan had sensed during this time was also nowhere to be found.

Everything seemed to fall into place naturally.

Even if someone noticed, they would only think that Senior Disciple Lu had withdrawn her spiritual power after the formation was completed.

But Li Fan didn’t think so.

A bold idea suddenly emerged in his mind.

Whether it was the formation that unfolded similarly to the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array,

or the remarkably similar surveillance effect,

it couldn’t help but make Li Fan speculate wildly.

“It hasn’t disappeared.”

“Has it merged?”

“Have the two merged into one? Or is it just lurking?”

Li Fan’s gaze remained as calm as ever, but his mind was in turmoil.

“Is this to leave a backdoor for oneself within the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array?”

As the first Dao Integration formation master to propose the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array plan,

Lu Xichan undoubtedly had the ability to do so.

But her motives left Li Fan puzzled.

“Is it to prevent the potential loss of control of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array in the future? So, she took this action.”

“Or is there another purpose?”

“Once the Tianxuan Locking Spirit becomes widespread, mastering it means holding supreme power.”

“Even the Chief Formation Master of the Array Hall is just a formation master.”

“There is still quite a distance from reaching the pinnacle of real power.”

“Perhaps, leveraging the Tianxuan Locking Spirit, one could achieve a qualitative leap.”

“Or even catch a glimpse of the Immortal Realm.”

As Li Fan’s thoughts continued to diverge,

The Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array, which had been completely formed due to Senior Disciple Lu’s personal operation, elicited thunderous applause from the cultivators inside the Hualing Gorge.

Lu Xichan also rarely showed a hint of a smile.

With a gentle expression, she looked down at the cultivators below.

As her gaze swept over the face of an old man with snowy white hair, her eyes suddenly froze.

Where had she seen this person before?

Lu Xichan felt somewhat surprised.

But he was just a Golden Core cultivator, unlikely to catch her attention.

Her thoughts raced, memories flooding her mind incessantly.

In an instant, they stopped at a few years ago, when her daughter, Lu Xuejing, disappeared for a while before returning.

Due to her reckless arrogance, Lu Xuejing had been kidnapped by an old fisherman.

Fortunately, a cultivator managed to retrieve her using the items he carried.

Her daughter, saved from a perilous situation, wanted to express her gratitude to the cultivator.

But he seemed to be in a hurry and left abruptly.

She didn’t know anything about her savior’s life, only remembering his face.

At that time, her daughter had described the appearance of the cultivator to her using the Water Mirror Technique.

She had memorized it immediately.

It should be this person.

But why had he aged so much in just a few years?

“Who is that person?”

Lu Xichan transmitted her voice to Dongfang Yao.

“As expected!”

Seeing both Senior Disciple Lu and Brother Dongfang look towards Li Fan simultaneously, Huangfu Song secretly commented in his heart.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 379: Conflict Amongst Transmission Masters


There was a slight nervousness in Dongfang Yaoyao’s heart: “This person’s name is Li Fan, he is…”

Being concise, she briefly introduced Li Fan’s life to Luxi Chan.

Although Huang Fusu did not actively mention this person’s information, Dongfang Yaoyao sensed something unusual in his gaze towards Li Fan that day.

Knowing well what kind of person her brother was, Dongfang Yaoyao immediately investigated secretly.

Whether it was the various extraordinary actions rumored about Li Fan, or the astonishing deeds spreading rapidly,

Dongfang Yaoyao believed that this person was not simple.

Perhaps the reason Huang Fusu came unexpectedly might be because of Li Fan.

And when Chief Luxi suddenly asked, it indeed confirmed her speculation.

However, there were some things, even if guessed, couldn’t be spoken.

Dongfang Yaoyao naturally understood this very well.As a subordinate, the key was to cooperate well with the leader.

If one acted too clever and disrupted someone’s plan above, having no future prospects would be a minor issue.

It’s just that one might end up dying inexplicably.

Thinking of this, Dongfang Yaoyao dared not be negligent and meticulously recounted the surface information she had gathered.

Luxi Chan noticed that these two subordinates seemed to have some ulterior motives.

However, she didn’t intend to delve deeper.

Because there weren’t many things in this world worthy of her attention, and these two Nascent Soul Formation Masters obviously weren’t among them.

It was her daughter’s unexpected savior who caught her attention.

She had heard of Li Fan’s name before.

Being able to risk his life to save others in danger was indeed very rare in today’s era.

What’s more important was that even at the end of his lifespan, he could still hold the frontline in formation construction, which was worthy of being touted and celebrated.

Perhaps this person was truly a saint by nature, with high morality; or perhaps the techniques he cultivated were special, and this action was purely profitable.

For the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, it didn’t matter.

What mattered was that he really did those things.

What mattered was that the majority of cultivators in the world believed in him so much.

For the name of a Foundation Establishment Stage cultivator to reach her ears,

There must be some familiar hands behind the scenes.

Luxi Chan was not surprised by this.

If she guessed correctly, if Li Fan were to fall before completing the formation, there would still be someone within the alliance to save his life.

Like using a thousand pieces of gold to buy a horse, they are doing another round of publicity.

Everything must be fully utilized, which can also be considered as the consistent means of action for that group of people.

A few figures of Transmission Masters flashed through Luxi Chan’s mind, and a shadow suddenly surged in her heart.

As the first group of people who actively followed the Transmission Celestial and established the initial Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance,

Transmission Masters had been in control of the highest ruling power of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance since the disappearance of the Celestial.

Regardless of cultivation level, none of them were inferior to Luxi Chan.

Just the ability to survive countless calamities over thousands of years until now made everyone not dare to underestimate them.

Not to mention, they also subtly held the method to restrain the Tianxuan Mirror…

“The Tianxuan Soul Lock is just the first step.”

Luxi Chan snorted coldly in her heart, suppressing her thoughts.

Her gaze then fell on the aged cultivator below.

“Thinking they have everything under control, unaware of what reaction there might be if I intervene.”

Before this, although he had been her daughter’s savior,

Luxi Chan didn’t have the intention to specially repay the favor.

After all, he had saved her daughter without asking for anything in return and left in a hurry.

In Luxi Chan’s eyes, it meant that Li Fan had given up this opportunity himself.

However, now this person appeared before her as a pawn of that group of people, which made Luxi Chan change her mind.

After a brief contemplation, she checked Li Fan’s ranking on the Great Comparison Golden List.

“Forty-fifth.”

“Perhaps I can lend him a hand…”

Thinking of this, she looked at Dongfang Yaoyao and Huang Fusu, asking, “What do you think of this person?”

Huang Fusu and Dongfang Yaoyao glanced at each other, murmuring in their hearts.

If you specifically ask like this, can we still speak ill of him?

Having a backstage is indeed great.

With envy in their hearts, the two of them praised Li Fan one after another, exaggerating his achievements.

They made him seem like someone from heaven, incomparable to anyone on earth.

If Li Fan were here to hear these praises about himself, he would probably blush involuntarily.

When it was almost enough, Luxi Chan nodded, “He has made so many sacrifices for the spread of the Tianxuan Soul Lock formation, yet there has been no corresponding reward within the alliance. It really shouldn’t be.”

“Continuing like this, wouldn’t it disappoint cultivators throughout the world?”

Huangfu and Dongfang were both astute individuals.

Hearing Luxi Chief’s implication, they were surprised but dared not speak up.

They only heard her continue, “If I were unaware, it would be fine. But now that I have personally seen it, I definitely can’t ignore it.”

“However, this is ultimately a matter of stepping in for someone else. It would be troublesome if it causes misunderstandings and rumors.”

“At this critical moment, our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance should be united from top to bottom.”

“Do you two have any good ideas?”

Suddenly, the two remembered some rumors they occasionally heard, and after a little thought, they understood the meaning behind Luxi Chief’s words.

However, such high-level struggles were not something they, as small pawns, could get involved in.

They felt helpless.

Feeling the continuous scrutiny from Luxi Chan, both of them felt an indescribable pressure.

It’s unreasonable to remain silent when the leader asks.

With sweat breaking out on their foreheads, at a critical moment, Huangfu suddenly remembered his conversation with Li Fan before.

With a sudden inspiration, he gritted his teeth and said, “To let the Chief know, subordinates have had several heart-to-heart conversations with Li Fan before. Although his lifespan is nearing its end, he is still willing to dedicate himself until his last moment.”

“Our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has never mistreated those who have merits. However, despite his efforts, he is still ranked around forty to fifty. If we were to give him special treatment, other cultivators ranked higher than him might have objections.”

“If his ranking were slightly higher, it would be more reasonable.”

Huangfu paused for a moment, then continued, “This person once mentioned to me privately that although he has no regrets in death, he regrets not being able to explore the many wonders of our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance…”

This sudden remark seemed to come out of nowhere.

However, Luxi Chan and Dongfang Yaoyao, who were familiar with the rules of the Great Comparison Golden List, naturally understood the hidden meaning behind his words.

“That’s actually a good idea.” Luxi Chan nodded slightly, acknowledging Huangfu’s suggestion.

Huangfu couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief.

Before he could relax, he heard Luxi Chief ask again.

“Do you have any recommended places to go?”

Huangfu’s heart tensed up again for a moment.

In a split second, recalling Li Fan’s words from before, Huangfu had no choice but to grit his teeth and say, “The Five Elements Grand Celestial, Endless Sea, and other secret realms, subordinates believe these are good choices.”

TOC |Next Chapter

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 380: Changes in the Five Heavenly Realms


TL Note: Translation will go down to a chapter daily. I will be editing previous chapters to ensure quality translation.

“The Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm…”

This term is too sensitive.

So much so that Lu Xichan subconsciously ignored Huangfu Song’s words behind her.

After pondering for a moment, she did not express her stance on the spot.

Just as her gaze was withdrawn from below, amidst the gazes of many cultivators in the Spirit Transformation Gorge, she turned into a rainbow light and returned to her resting place.

Huangfu and Dongfang wiped the cold sweat from their foreheads and hurriedly followed.

“Congratulations, Brother Huangfu, for being able to strategize in front of Chief Lu. Your future prospects are boundless!” Dongfang Yao transmitted his voice while flying.

“Don’t use this to butter me up, Dongfang. Who is Chief Lu? Does he still need my advice? It’s just being cautious. When it comes to future backlash, it’s convenient to push me, who will offer suggestions, out as a scapegoat.”

“How could you not see through it?” Huangfu Song snorted coldly, extremely unhappy.

“Brother Huangfu, many people want to be Chief Lu’s scapegoat, but they haven’t had the chance yet. Moreover, considering Chief Lu’s character, I don’t think he will…”

“Hehe…”

Dongfang Yao felt bored with himself, but his tone changed, sighing, “There have been rumors before that the disputes between the Law Transmitters and the newly emerging Dao Integrators of thousands of years have become extremely intense. I thought it was just an exaggeration.”

“I didn’t expect to see it today, but it’s true.”

Huangfu Song also sighed slightly, “Being forced to take a stand today, I don’t know if it’s a blessing or a curse. If successful, naturally, there will be great wealth and prosperity in the future. If it fails…”

The two looked at each other and fell silent.

…

In the Spirit Transformation Gorge, after Lu Xichan and the others left.

Li Fan also followed the returning team back to their residence.

When Chief Lu’s gaze fell on him, Li Fan knew she had successfully recognized him.

However, what surprised Li Fan a bit was that she only paused for a moment, and this Dao Integrator powerhouse no longer paid attention.

“At least you’re the lifesaver of your daughter. You’ve finally met, and you just leave like this?”

Li Fan honestly felt a little surprised.

But later, noticing the expressions of Huangfu and Dongfang, Li Fan knew that perhaps his plan had not failed.

However, Dao Integrator powerhouses, especially those with heavy responsibilities, may need to be more “reserved” in their actions.

So he remained calm and patient, waiting.

As expected, when Lu Xichan transformed into a rainbow and left the next day.

Huangfu Song came to visit.

“Received a special appointment at the last minute, heading to the Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm?”

Upon hearing the words of the fat man in front of him, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a joy in his heart at how smoothly things had gone this time.

“Congratulations, young friend, your wish has been fulfilled! The weight of the Five Elements Heavenly Realm ranks at the forefront among all the secret realms of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

“Moreover, due to its special status, the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Array has just begun and is still in its initial stages.”

“This trip for young friend is a great opportunity to show your skills.”

“If you put in a little more effort, claiming the top spot is not impossible.”

Huangfu Song’s face was flushed with excitement as he smiled.

Li Fan remained calm: “I also want to thank the senior for his help. This kindness will be remembered by the junior!”

Huangfu Song waved his hand: “Where’s the need for such words? To be honest, this time, I also benefited from your light.”

“However, there is something I need to remind young friend.”

Huangfu Song restrained his smile and said solemnly.

“Oh?” Seeing the unusual seriousness on the other party’s face, Li Fan also became serious.

“Please go ahead, senior!”

Huangfu Song said, “Originally, there were other choices for the secret realm to go to besides the Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm. In fact, until just now, Chief Lu was somewhat hesitant about whether to send us to the Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm.”

“However, a sudden event that occurred not long ago changed her mind.”

Li Fan’s expression became somewhat serious as he waited quietly for the continuation.

“This matter is absolutely confidential, and currently, only a few people in the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance know about it. Young friend must remember not to disclose it.”

Huangfu Song first admonished, then lowered his voice and said quietly, “The Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm is now located at the junction of Tianchen and Tianshu provinces.”

“But do you still remember, young friend, where this Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm was originally discovered?”

Li Fan immediately answered, “How could I forget about this? The Battle of Tianling Province had an extremely profound impact on the entire Xuanhuang Realm.”

“What do you mean by this, senior?”

Huangfu Song’s gaze was profound, unable to hide his shocked expression.

He slowly said, “After the Battle of Tianling Province, our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance spent a lot of effort to move the Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm back to the hinterland, where it is now located.”

“The original site of Tianling Province naturally became a place of emptiness.”

“However, three days ago, the alliance received an urgent report. In that void, there were inexplicable spiritual fluctuations.”

“After sending people to investigate, the results were almost unbelievable.”

Huangfu Song paused, seeming to ease the shock in his heart.

Then he continued, “These spiritual fluctuations are present in five places.”

“After repeated confirmations.”

“It’s a sign of a new heavenly realm, being reborn!”

Li Fan’s eyes flashed with excitement as he stared at Huangfu Song.

“A new heavenly realm?”

“A new Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm?”

His words trembled slightly, full of undisguised shock.

Huangfu Song nodded.

“This… how is that possible?” Li Fan was slightly stunned.

With his limited knowledge, the formation of any heavenly realm was supposed to be the result of fortuitous encounters and the passage of time.

For Tianling Province to give birth to five complementary heavenly realms was already a miracle among miracles.

However, after the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance moved the entire Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm away.

How could new Five Elements Great Heavenly Realms be reborn in the original location?

“What about the current Five Elements Great Heavenly Realm? Has anything unusual happened?”

Thinking of Huangfu Song’s so-called special mission, Li Fan asked immediately.

“There are signs of the Five Elements merging, and it’s irreversible.” Huangfu Song’s tone was somewhat heavy.

“Five Elements merging?” Li Fan frowned slightly.

“Is this a good thing or a bad thing? What will happen after the merger?” he couldn’t help but ask.

Huangfu Song shook his head: “Such a thing has never happened before. Chief Lu herself was astonished and shocked upon hearing this news.”

“However, what can be confirmed at the moment is that after the Five Elements merge, the current five heavenly realms will not completely disappear.”

“Instead, they will merge into a completely new heavenly realm.”

“As for whether there will be drastic changes during the merging process, turning from a heavenly realm rich in various resources into a barren wasteland, no one can predict.”

“Regardless, the plan to build the Spirit Locking Array remains unchanged.”

“With the sudden turn of events, Chief Lu has already taken the lead to investigate on-site.”

“We will have someone lead us there later.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 381


“Even a Golden Core cultivator can drive it, and its speed far surpasses that of ordinary Nascent Soul body flight.”

“Moreover, it can absorb external spiritual power as an energy source, so there’s no need to worry about depleting one’s own energy. In the spiritual energy-rich Five Elements Cave Heaven, its effectiveness is even more outstanding.”

As Qi Buyi spoke, the black and gold Soaring Shuttle in her hand flickered and split into identical replicas.

They transformed into streaks of black light and flew to everyone.

“The Soaring Shuttle’s wonders can be explored by yourselves later.”

Li Fan grasped the flying treasure in front of him, feeling a cool and refreshing sensation.

When his divine sense touched it, a crisp mechanical voice appeared in his mind.

“Permission confirmed.”

“Sub-unit 016 has been activated.”

“Current driver: Li Fan.”

The moment the Soaring Shuttle activated, instructions on its usage and various precautions appeared in Li Fan’s mind.

Li Fan’s eyes lit up, impressed yet slightly regretful.

“What a treasure. In terms of speed, it might be even faster than Zhong Shentong’s Seven-Colored Divine Light.”

“But it’s just a sub-unit, with many functions restricted.”

“Moreover, I fear the Soaring Shuttle’s operating status, location information, and everything happening inside it will be monitored.”

Li Fan speculated privately.

Before everyone could fully grasp the Soaring Shuttle, Qi Buyi took out several dozen rectangular jade tablets and distributed them.

Li Fan received one, and a black dot appeared on the palm-sized tablet.

“Qi Buyi.”

When his divine sense touched it, he sensed these three words.

Then options like “Communication,” “Marking,” “Transmission,” and “Sharing” appeared.

“This is the Heavenly Overseer’s Record, equipped by the alliance for your convenience in cooperation.”

“It already contains a complete map of the Five Elements Cave Heaven.”

“After logging your information into the Heavenly Overseer’s Record, your real-time location can be synchronized and shared.”

“Anyone holding a Heavenly Overseer’s Record can check it at any time.”

Qi Buyi explained dutifully to everyone.

“Moreover, in case of special situations, you can mark and explain positions on the map for information exchange.”

“If you need to contact a specific member, you can do so through the Heavenly Overseer’s Record.”

“Now, please log in.”

Li Fan pondered for a moment, then his divine sense pierced into the jade tablet.

Moments later, a small black dot representing “Li Fan” appeared on the tablet screen.

One by one, the surrounding cultivators also appeared on the Heavenly Overseer’s Record.

Li Fan, moved, zoomed out the screen.

Instantly, the entire map of the Water Attribute Cave Heaven appeared before his eyes.

In addition to the black dots representing people, there were blue markers for rare item locations, red markers for dangerous areas, and a few “×” markers for forbidden zones not recommended for entry.

There were even gold markers that moved constantly, indicating powerful primordial beings within the Water Attribute Cave Heaven.

Li Fan eagerly synchronized all the map information into the crystallized Dao Stone in his sea of consciousness, storing it securely.

“This kind of map…”

While stealing the Wanxian Alliance’s secrets, Li Fan suddenly found the map familiar.

After a moment, he realized.

Back when the “Green Bull Pulls a Cart, Confucius Teaches” incident resulted in the mysterious deaths of dozens of cultivators, he, as the sole survivor, underwent investigation by the Tianji Hall.

There, he saw a similar map, marked with numerous secrets of the entire Congyun Sea.

“The Heavenly Overseer’s Record, huh. It seems that it’s not just Congyun Sea and Five Elements Cave Heaven.”

“Perhaps every territory under the Wanxian Alliance has such maps.”

As Li Fan pondered, Qi Buyi began mobilizing the group.

“The situation is urgent, and there’s little time for rest. Later, I’ll sync the plan for constructing the Spirit Locking Array in the Five Elements Cave Heaven with everyone.”

“Specific responsibilities for each person will be clearly assigned.”

“You just need to follow the established plan and execute diligently.”

“Of course, it’s even better if anyone can exceed their task.”

Qi Buyi concluded, “As you saw on the Heavenly Overseer’s Record map, besides our Wanxian Alliance, there are some primordial beings in this Water Attribute Cave Heaven.”

“Although powerful, they haven’t developed high intelligence. They mostly stay in fixed locations and won’t actively attack people.”

“Just avoid them. If you encounter danger, use the Soaring Shuttle to escape.”

…

After giving instructions, Li Fan received his mission target.

Since the Five Elements Cave Heaven was about to merge, the Spirit Locking Array’s construction plan slightly differed from other regions.

The main array structure was set up outside the cave heaven’s void.

Inside the cave heaven, only key nodes had corresponding connection array units built.

Then, they were protected with special materials.

The protection material was said to be Eternal Tribulation Gold, capable of withstanding chaos destruction.

Such a treasure would naturally be arranged by key personnel.

Li Fan’s task was the same as before in the Chizha Abyss and Hualing Ravine.

He was just a laborer building the foundational structure units of the array.

However, he had few complaints. After Qi Buyi announced the start of the operation, Li Fan took out the Soaring Shuttle and mentally commanded it.

The black and gold object instantly seemed alive, flowing like liquid and enveloping Li Fan.

In the blink of an eye, it formed a droplet-shaped armor around him.

“Soar!”

At Li Fan’s command, his figure turned into a streak of black light under the Soaring Shuttle’s wrap.

He streaked across the sky.

“Personal spiritual power consumption is almost negligible. As long as there’s some external spiritual energy, this speed can be maintained indefinitely.”

Li Fan experienced the driving feel of the Soaring Shuttle.

During flight, the black and gold fluid around him gradually became transparent, allowing Li Fan an unobstructed view of the surrounding scenery.

Friction and even sound were isolated.

He hardly felt he was flying at high speed.

Only the rapidly changing and slightly distorted scenery due to extreme speed indicated his current speed.

The coexistence of extreme speed and tranquility made Li Fan slightly uncomfortable.

But soon, a prompt from the Soaring Shuttle suggested adjusting the external sound volume.

After tuning the sound to let in a bit, rather than complete silence, the discomfort vanished immediately.

Locking onto the marked location on the Heavenly Overseer’s Record, Li Fan flew straight towards his target.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 382: Chaos of the Five Elements


TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon

“Is this for secrecy?”

Li Fan glanced at Huangfu Song and found him looking nonchalant as usual.

Tapping the table happily, he finished the Ling Tea that had just emerged.

“The Ling Tea of the Ten Thousand Immortals, this is quite something. It’s said to be an ancient formula passed down from ancient times. After drinking it, there will be a slight increase in spiritual soul.”

“One cup per person limit, why not taste it, young friend?”

With the Ling Tea in his stomach, Huangfu Song patted his belly, took a deep breath, and beckoned to Li Fan.

Following Huangfu Song’s lead, Li Fan drank the Ten Thousand Immortals Ling Tea in front of him.

Compared to the effect of the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra, it was not in the least inferior.

“What a treasure!” But he still showed great joy.

Just as he put down his teacup, Li Fan felt the Dust Crossing Boat beneath him sway slightly, and it slowly came to a stop.

“Could it be that something happened?” Li Fan looked somewhat surprised as he glanced at Huangfu Song, who was slowly getting up.

“Don’t just sit there, we should have arrived at the Five Elements Grand Cave.” Huangfu Song said.

“So fast?” Li Fan was slightly stunned, then inevitably somewhat surprised.

It should be noted that in his perception, it had only been a moment since they departed.

Li Fan was also well aware of the maximum speed of the Dust Crossing Boat.

So, does this mean that the Five Elements Grand Cave is not far from the Zhu Pi City?

As if sensing Li Fan’s thoughts, Huangfu Song smiled and said, “Forget it. This Dust Crossing Boat not only shields our perception of the external space but also affects our perception of time.”

“Do you think it’s only been half a day?”

“In fact, it could have been seven or eight days.”

“Of course, it’s also possible that it’s only the time you perceived.”

“It’s to keep you guessing.”

“After the previous incident with the Purple Dome Immortal, the alliance has become more cautious.”

As Huangfu Song shook his head, he walked towards the deck.

“Affecting the perception of time passing.” Li Fan felt a sinking feeling. This was his first encounter with time-related techniques within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

“But it could also be just a simple distortion of perception.”

Suppressing his thoughts, Li Fan followed Huangfu Song onto the deck.

Stepping out of the cabin, he was met with an almost substantial water attribute spiritual energy, unlike anything he had ever seen before.

Having spent years in the Cong Yun Sea and having once cultivated with the Cang Hai Pearl, Li Fan was particularly sensitive to water attribute spiritual energy.

So he felt more and more horrified.

“This should be the water attribute cave of the Five Elements Grand Cave? It’s like an enlarged version of the Concentrated Cang Hai Pearl.”

Li Fan subconsciously absorbed and refined the spiritual energy, gaining a clearer understanding of the purity of the spiritual energy here.

But looking around, Li Fan found that the surrounding cultivators, including Huangfu Song, all raised their heads, gazing up at the sky.

Their faces were filled with indescribable shock.

Li Fan also followed suit and looked up.

At this moment, where the Dust Crossing Boat was located, was a perfectly smooth boundary line.

Below was the vast and endless blue water world without boundaries.

Above was a giant tree rooted in the sky, with countless branches extending to connect with the water world, hanging upside down.

Each branch was as broad as a plain in the mortal world.

You could vaguely see many vegetation growing on it.

Some tree trunks even had continuous forests of trees again.

“Originally, the water attribute cave was simply a blue water world.”

“But not long ago, the scene of the wood attribute cave suddenly appeared outside the water world.”

“The two began to gradually merge. This is the phenomenon of the convergence of the Five Elements.”

At this moment, Qi Buyi suddenly appeared, also looking up at the magnificent scene in the sky, explaining to everyone.

“The convergence of the Five Elements. So, is there any sign of the invasion of the metal attribute cave below the water world?” A cultivator on the boat couldn’t help but ask.

Qi Buyi nodded: “Underneath the endless water layer, you can indeed see endless golden light. However, it is not the invasion of the metal attribute cave.”

“It is the water attribute cave invading the metal attribute cave.”

“Just like the wood attribute cave above our heads.”

“Gold generates water, water generates wood. But now it’s the other way around?” Huangfu Song interjected.

“So in the end…”

After saying this, Huangfu Song suddenly became shocked, staring blankly at Qi Buyi.

“It’s not as simple as you imagine.” Qi Buyi walked to the side of the Dust Crossing Boat, enveloping a mass of water with spiritual power and demonstrating it to everyone.

“Before the convergence of the Five Elements, the water quality in the water attribute cave here was extremely pure. But now…”

Qi Buyi flicked a spark into the water mass.

Something astonishing happened that amazed everyone present.

The total volume of the water could obviously extinguish the spark flicked by Qi Buyi.

But after encountering the spark, it unexpectedly started burning fiercely.

Under the gaze of everyone, it burned brighter and brighter.

Eventually, it formed a lump of black scorched earth.

Li Fan could see clearly that this bizarre phenomenon was not caused by the strength of the spark.

It was because the “water” had changed its nature.

It had become flammable.

“Is this still water?”

“Wait, there’s so much water in this cave. If it were all ignited at once, what would happen?”

Everyone on the Dust Crossing Boat looked at each other, deeply concerned.

Qi Buyi seemed to perceive everyone’s worry and said, “The changes you see only occur when the water is taken out separately.”

“When it exists as a whole within the entire cave, it won’t be ignited and turn into earth.”

Upon hearing this, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

“As for why this phenomenon occurs, there is currently no clear answer.”

“That’s also why we’re here.”

“The abnormalities occurring in this cave are different from the usual convergence of the Five Elements.”

“The alliance is very interested in this. According to previous estimates, the convergence of the Five Elements will be completed within five years at most.”

“And with the process accelerating, this number is likely to decrease significantly.”

“What we need to do is to ensure that before the complete convergence of the Five Elements, the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation covering the Five Elements Grand Cave is completed.”

“In addition to the group of pioneers who have already arrived, there will be reinforcements arriving one after another.”

“We are part of it. Mainly responsible for the coverage area of the water attribute cave.”

Qi Buyi explained the purpose of this mission very professionally to everyone.

“Even though it’s just a cave, it’s extremely vast.”

“It’s even larger than the territory of a province in our Xuanhuang Realm.”

“Most areas here have not yet set up teleportation arrays. Relying solely on flying is too slow.”

“For the convenience of future work, the alliance has prepared some special tools for you.”

With that, Qi Buyi took out a black-gold droplet-shaped object and displayed it in front of everyone.

“This is the Heavenly Escape Shuttle, a flying treasure specially crafted by the alliance.”

“Speed…”

“Extremely fast.”

TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 383: Records of the Hundred Matters Guiding the Heavens


TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon

“Even Golden Core cultivators can control it, and its speed can far surpass that of ordinary Nascent Soul flying techniques.”

“Moreover, it can absorb external spiritual energy as a power source, without worrying about self-consumption. Its effects are even more outstanding within this spiritually abundant Five Elements Subworld.”

Qi Buyi spoke, and in her hand, the black-golden Escape Shuttle shimmered, instantly splitting into identical replicas.

Transforming into strands of black-colored light, they flew in front of everyone.

“The miraculous aspects of the Escape Shuttle, everyone can explore later.”

Li Fan took the flying treasure in front of him, feeling a cool sensation in his hand.

As his divine sense made contact, clear mechanical sounds appeared in his mind.

“Authorization confirmed.”

“No. 16 sub-body activated.”“Current controller: Li Fan.”

At the moment the Escape Shuttle activated, information about its usage methods and various precautions appeared sequentially in Li Fan’s mind.

Li Fan couldn’t help but brighten his eyes, feeling both impressed and somewhat regretful.

“Good treasure. In terms of speed alone, it’s probably faster than Zhong Shentong’s Rainbow Light.”

“But it’s only a sub-body, all functions need to be restrained.”

“Not only that, I’m afraid the operation status of the Escape Shuttle, location information, and everything that happens inside it will be monitored.”

Li Fan speculated inwardly.

Before everyone could fully grasp the Escape Shuttle, Qi Buyi took out dozens of rectangular jade pieces and distributed them.

Li Fan received them, but black dots immediately appeared on the palm-sized jade pieces.

“Qi Buyi.”

As divine sense made contact, the three words were instantly sensed.

Then, options such as “communication,” “marking,” “transmission,” and “sharing” emerged.

“This is the Records of the Hundred Matters Guiding the Heavens, specially equipped for everyone in the alliance for convenience in cooperation.”

“A complete map of the Five Elements Subworld has already been drawn inside.”

“After registering personal information in the Records of the Hundred Matters, real-time location synchronization can be achieved.”

“Those who possess the Records of the Hundred Matters can view it at any time.”

Qi Buyi continued to explain diligently.

“Not only that, if encountering special circumstances, everyone can also explain their current location through marking on the map for information exchange.”

“When there’s a need to contact a specific member individually, it can also be done through the Records of the Hundred Matters.”

“Now, please register first,”

Li Fan pondered for a moment, then his divine sense penetrated into the jade piece.

After a moment, a small black dot representing “Li Fan” appeared on the screen of the jade piece.

One after another, cultivators around also appeared synchronously on the Records of the Hundred Matters screen.

Li Fan’s heart stirred. Under his manipulation, he shrank the screen.

Instantly, the map of the entire Water Attribute Subworld appeared before his eyes.

In addition to the black dots representing individuals, there were blue-marked locations of rare items, red-marked dangerous areas, and one or two “×” marks indicating forbidden zones not to be approached.

There were even moving golden marks.

Those were powerful primitive beings in the Water Attribute Subworld.

Li Fan eagerly synchronized all the map information into the Dao Integration Jade in his sea of consciousness, firmly preserving it.

“This kind of map mode…”

Li Fan, who was stealing secrets from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, suddenly felt the map in front of him somewhat familiar.

Immediately afterward, he realized.

Initially, due to the “Green Bull pulling the cart, Master teaching” incident, dozens of cultivators died inexplicably.

As the sole survivor, he underwent investigation by the Tianji Hall.

There, he had seen a similar map marked with numerous secrets of the Cong Yun Sea.

“Records of the Hundred Matters, huh? It seems that it’s not just the Cong Yun Sea and the Five Elements Subworld.”

“Perhaps every province under the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has such maps drawn.”

Just as Li Fan was contemplating, Qi Buyi had already begun mobilizing.

“Things are urgent, and there isn’t much time for everyone to rest. Later, I will synchronize the soul-locking formation construction plan of the Five Elements Subworld to everyone.”

“Each person’s duties will be allocated very clearly.”

“Everyone just needs to execute the established plan diligently.”

“Of course, if anyone can exceed the mission, that would be even better.”

Qi Buyi concluded, “Just as everyone saw on the Records of the Hundred Matters map, besides our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, there are still some primitive beings present in this Water Attribute Subworld.”

“Although they are powerful, they haven’t developed high intelligence. They basically stay in fixed locations and won’t attack actively.”

“Just avoid them. If you really encounter danger, use the Escape Shuttle to escape.”

After the instructions were given, Li Fan received his mission objectives.

Because the Five Elements Subworld was about to converge, the plan for constructing the soul-locking formation differed slightly from other areas.

The main formation layout was arranged outside the Subworld’s void.

Inside the Subworld, corresponding connection formation units were only built at key nodes.

They were then protected using special materials.

It ensured that even after the convergence of the Five Elements, the formation would remain intact.

The protective material was said to withstand the test of chaos and destruction, the Eternal Chaos Gold.

Such treasures naturally required key figures to personally arrange them.

What Li Fan needed to do was no different from what he had done before in the Abyss of Roars Gorge and the Spirit Transformation Gorge.

Just acting as a laborer to build the foundational structure of the formation.

However, there were hardly any complaints. Once Qi Buyi announced the start of the operation,

Li Fan took out the Escape Shuttle and silently chanted.

The black-golden object instantly seemed alive, flowing like liquid, enveloping Li Fan’s body.

In the blink of an eye, a droplet-shaped armor formed around Li Fan’s body.

“Escape!”

With Li Fan’s command, his figure, enveloped by the Escape Shuttle, turned into a black streak.

Tearing through the sky.

“The consumption of spiritual power is almost negligible. As long as there is some spiritual energy outside, this speed can be maintained indefinitely.”

Li Fan experienced the sensation of driving the Escape Shuttle.

During the flight, the black-golden fluid around him gradually became transparent, allowing Li Fan to observe the surrounding scenery without hindrance.

Friction resistance and even sound were isolated outside.

There was hardly any sensation of rapid flight.

Only continuous changes in perspective and slightly distorted scenes due to the excessive speed proved Li Fan’s current speed.

Extreme speed and extreme tranquility, both contradictory situations, appeared simultaneously.

It made Li Fan feel slightly uncomfortable.

However, soon a message came from the Escape Shuttle in his mind, indicating that he could adjust the external volume.

After reducing the ear’s sound to a trace, not completely silent,

the discomfort immediately disappeared.

In his mind, he locked onto the position marked on the Records of the Hundred Matters, and Li Fan flew straight toward the target.

TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 384: Li Fan Sets Up the Formation


TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon

Looking at the map, the distance between Li Fan and his destination almost spanned half of the Water Cave Heaven.

Li Fan estimated that if he relied solely on flying, it would take at least a month or two to reach there.

However, with the Escape Sky Shuttle, it wouldn’t even take a day.

After just over seven hours, Li Fan arrived at the marked location.

His speed gradually slowed down, and the black-golden fluid around his body slowly recovered.

When Li Fan stopped, it reverted back to a small droplet-like object and was stored in his elixir field.

Li Fan surveyed his working environment for the next period of time.

Below was still an endless expanse of blue water.

Above, it seemed within arm’s reach.A giant tree branch extended from the sky, making intimate contact with the water-attribute heaven.

However, what surprised Li Fan was that the vibrant trees should have flourished even more after contact with water.

But the huge tree branch in front of Li Fan was completely desolate and decaying.

The gray-yellow trees were incomplete, riddled with many hollows.

They seemed like they could break and fall at any moment.

Whether it was an illusion brought about by Li Fan staring at them for a long time or not,

From those dead branches that had been gnawed on, he actually saw many fragmented human figures.

When he withdrew his gaze and looked again later,

That feeling disappeared.

Li Fan shook his head and took out the Heavenly Supervisor Record, carefully studying the construction plan again.

Just when he inspected the surroundings a moment ago, the plan had already been updated.

Five more cultivators had been added as his assistants, bringing along logistical supplies.

Li Fan didn’t wait for them.

The Heavenly Supervisor Record emitted a radiance, pointing towards the sky.

After confirming the coordinate nodes, Li Fan immediately began constructing the Soul Locking Formation.

Unlike the time in the Abyss of Roars when he needed to guard against the devouring white mist and the abyssal demonic sounds,

There was hardly any danger in this water-attribute heaven.

The spiritual energy was dense, which was even more conducive to the formation construction.

Unrestricted, Li Fan was able to act freely.

After years of heavy training, Li Fan’s speed in setting up formations in a normal state had once again improved.

As if it were an instinct engraved in his soul, there was no need for him to think at all.

With just a casual movement, wherever his intention went, the formation instantly formed.

Li Fan felt neither joy nor sorrow in his heart, just pushing forward the formation arrangement with an absolutely efficient and terrifying speed.

For a moment, he was lost in his work.

By the time the support group of five arrived, they saw Li Fan totally focused, constructing the Soul Locking Formation with unprecedented ease, as if he were freely splashing ink on a canvas.

They were not newcomers to formation construction.

But compared to the formation masters they had encountered before, both in terms of speed and gracefulness in setting up formations,

It was clear that they were far inferior to the current white-haired Golden Core formation master before them.

The five exchanged glances.

“Is this person really only at the Golden Core level?”

“Li Fan… seems somewhat familiar. Wait, could it be that Li Fan?”

“No mistaking it. He truly deserves to be the one who tirelessly fights on the front lines of formation construction until death. His proficiency in formations is simply astounding.”

“Ah, it’s our fortune to be able to cooperate with him.”

The five communicated with each other using their spiritual senses.

Afterward, they didn’t disturb Li Fan and instead began constructing their own base on the water’s surface below.

Although they had heard that Li Fan was extremely hardworking and didn’t need rest when setting up formations,

Having a foothold for special circumstances was still necessary.

Furthermore, the few of them couldn’t withstand several years of continuous work without rest.

This work was also a piece of cake for them. With their combined efforts, a small base suspended above the water’s surface was completed in just three days.

Afterwards, they began inspecting and verifying the formation units that Li Fan had already constructed according to the procedure.

The results even surpassed their expectations.

They had heard of some formation geniuses setting up formations swiftly in the past.

But the structure of the Soul Locking Formation was extremely complex, containing countless formation units.

Plus, external environmental factors could cause mistakes even for the most outstanding talents during construction.

But the formation Li Fan had laid down had absolutely no flaws.

He was tireless, efficient, and precise.

All of this was happening on a Golden Core cultivator who was advanced in age and on the brink of passing away.

It was simply inconceivable.

The five couldn’t help but admire him deeply.

As time passed, the area where Li Fan had finished setting up the formation rapidly expanded outward.

With each completed formation node, the five became even more sincerely impressed by Li Fan.

Because this person was indeed as the rumors said.

Unfamiliar with the concept of fatigue, never resting for a moment.

As a result, even they, the five, were starting to feel a bit overwhelmed.

But they didn’t dare to have the slightest complaint.

And so, a year quietly passed by.

When the area covered by the completed formation extended to a radius of five thousand miles from the initial node,

The tasks originally assigned to Li Fan and his group were almost completed.

“Originally planned to be completed within three years, I didn’t expect it to be finished in just one year,” said Yan Hang, a Nascent Soul stage cultivator among the five, as he looked at the formations in the sky.

“Finally, we can take a good rest,” he said, filled with exhaustion and weariness etched on his face.

The others nodded incessantly, in full agreement.

However, when Li Fan finished the final formation construction,

He paused in the air for a moment but showed no sign of resting.

Instead, he continued to extend the array towards the outer periphery.

“Master Li, what are you doing? That area is clearly no longer within our scope of work!” exclaimed Yan Hang, who had already prepared to relax.

“This…”

“Quick, look at the Heavenly Supervisor Record, the work plan has been updated!”

“Master Li actively requested assistance to help the surrounding formation masters set up formations?!”

“We must cooperate to the best of our ability and not slack off?”

With each person speaking, the hearts of the group sank.

Despair showed on their faces.

After a while, they finally recovered.

Yan Hang gritted his teeth and encouraged everyone, “If Master Li is working so hard, we have no reason to refuse.”

“Brothers, let’s hold on a little longer.”

One of them sighed, “We have no choice but to do so. If we retreat now, it’ll be a disgrace.”

“I don’t mind. What I’m worried about is Master Li. Haven’t you noticed that he seems to be aging more rapidly?”

After this reminder, the others suddenly realized.

They carefully observed the figure not far away, still standing tall despite its aging appearance.

Everyone was shocked.

“It does seem to be the case.”

“He didn’t have many years left to begin with, and now, with such intense effort, his lifespan is being depleted even faster.”

“What should we do?”

They exchanged glances.

“No, we can’t just watch Master Li perish before our eyes.”

“Report this situation immediately!”

Yan Hang said in a deep voice.

TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 385: Wood Water Generates Decay


TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon

“Biological Age: 882/899.”

Working tirelessly, Li Fan glanced at the Anchor Point panel.

The consecutive selfless efforts were not without cost.

When Li Fan emerged from the state of complete immersion, akin to enlightenment, in the formation process.

An uncontrollable sense of weakness surged up.

Under extreme pressure, his biological age increased rapidly.

Now, Li Fan truly reached the end of his life.

“It’s time to rest.”

This thought involuntarily popped into his mind.But immediately, he regarded it as the main material for the Reverse Training Dao Heart.

Suppressing all slackness and exhaustion.

“If I don’t push myself harder, how can I seek transcendence in this extremely dangerous cultivation world?”

Li Fan said to himself inwardly, then rallied his spirits, forcing his aging self to burn the last moments of his life, once again engaging in the formation work.

The expressions and reactions of Yan Hang and others below were all within Li Fan’s expectations.

In fact, they didn’t need to report to him.

When Li Fan applied to cross-regional work with the Recording Tablet just now, he had already explained his current physical condition to Qi Buyi.

After Qi Buyi’s unsuccessful persuasion, he readily agreed to Li Fan’s request.

“Theoretically, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance should extend my lifespan. But nothing is absolute, I also need to prepare for the unexpected moves of the Alliance.”

“Fortunately, I have contributed enough, and there is still a Longevity Fruit left. When necessary, whether to buy or exchange, I can also find some life-extending items. Striving for a bit more time in this world.”

…

After Yan Hang and the others submitted their report, it seemed to sink without a trace, without any ripples.

While the Five-Person Group was puzzled and disappointed, Li Fan himself seemed unaffected, earning their increasing admiration.

So, amidst the calmness, another half year passed.

On this day, the serene Water Subworld suddenly underwent a drastic change.

The azure water world unexpectedly trembled violently without warning.

Caught off guard, Li Fan’s formation process was forcibly interrupted.

Subconsciously wanting to observe what was happening around, but feeling like the whole world was spinning, dizzy and unable to do so.

Fortunately, Yan Hang and the others reacted very quickly.

The moment the mutation occurred, they flew to Li Fan’s side, taking out various protective treasures to surround and shield him in the center.

Within the protective barrier formed by layers of radiance, they finally managed to somewhat isolate the impact of the external upheaval.

Only then did Li Fan see clearly what was happening in this water-attributed Subworld.

The straight line where water and wood intersected seemed to be squeezed by a tremendous force at this moment.

Creating a wave-like distortion.

The perpetually calm water surface was now churning with towering waves.

Rising high into the sky, it connected with the invading wood-attributed Subworld above.

Amidst the immense, thunderous friction, the giant inverted tree above the heads of everyone seemed even closer.

The pointed branches continuously extended downwards, becoming incomplete and desolate upon touching the water Subworld.

But this only slightly slowed down their growth momentum, as they still steadfastly pierced through the boundary between the two realms.

The originally pure and tranquil water-attributed spiritual energy between heaven and earth gradually became chaotic.

Li Fan and the others watched solemnly as the drastic changes unfolded in the Subworld.

However, they had already received a reminder from Qi Buyi through the Recording Tablet.

“Everyone, don’t panic, this is a sign of further development of the Five Elements Integration.”

“It’s progressing even faster than we expected. It seems everyone needs to speed up their progress.”

“Be cautious of the changes that may occur when the two realms intersect. Report promptly if you encounter any special situations.”

…

Once change occurs, there’s no stopping its momentum.

However, human adaptability is also terrifyingly strong.

Soon, Li Fan and the others became accustomed to working in the environment of occasional surging waves and thunderous friction.

For them, these disturbances affected their state of mind at most, but posed no actual threat.

The real danger came from the strange creatures born during the fusion of the water and wood realms.

These were monsters formed from the fallen debris of the inverted giant tree that had mixed with both water and wood attributes after falling into the water Subworld.

They came in various shapes, all composed of withered wooden bodies.

The azure water flowed incessantly on the surface of their wooden bodies, resembling blood visible on their exterior.

They possessed extremely aggressive attacks and were highly sensitive to the aura of cultivators.

Even if separated by thousands of miles, they would spontaneously seek out the nearest cultivator to attack.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had tried many methods, but so far, none have been effective.

Thus, combat became inevitable.

Although the bodies of these monsters resembled withered wood, their texture was unexpectedly hard.

Even the full force of a Nascent Soul stage cultivator’s attack could only leave superficial wounds on them.

Fortunately, their method of combat was rather crude, and their numbers were relatively scarce.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance usually operated in groups of several people, engaging in collective actions.

Relying on numerical superiority and excellent equipment to suppress them.

By expending some time, they could eliminate the monsters without much danger.

After each battle, Yan Hang and the others would meticulously report the process through the Recording Tablet.

After collecting numerous data, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance also compiled the tactics for fighting these monsters and distributed them to every cultivator.

In various Subworlds, due to the different attributes involved in the fusion, different types of monsters appeared.

The type of monster encountered by Li Fan and his group, where wood and water were merged with wood dominating, was named “Decaying Wood”.

There were two most effective methods to deal with Decaying Wood.

One was fire-attributed techniques. Under the scorching flames, burning wood and boiling water would turn Decaying Wood into flying ashes.

The second was separation-type techniques.

Completely separate the flowing blue water from the body of Decaying Wood.

Decaying Wood would then collapse on its own, transforming from a terrifying and ferocious monster into pure wood and water energy in the blink of an eye.

The separation technique was not only useful against Decaying Wood but also remarkably effective when dealing with monsters of other merged attributes.

Unfortunately, it was too obscure, and only a few cultivators mastered it.

So, everyone had to rely on conventional techniques of various attributes to cope.

With the summarized battle strategies, the cultivators became more adept at dealing with the monsters generated in the Subworlds.

However, most cultivators still remained anxious.

On this day, another batch of withered wood debris fell, transforming into monsters resembling both humans and beasts, attacking Li Fan and his group.

Quickly, the Yan Hang Five-Person Group rushed to meet them.

While Li Fan set up formations, he observed the battle between the two sides.

“Compared to the initial encounters, these Decaying Woods have indeed made significant progress in their combat methods and techniques.”

“These individuals separated from the inverted tree seem to possess a collective consciousness.”

Watching the intense battle not far away, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a sense of astonishment.

“This is just a fusion of wood and water attributes. If another one or even several more attributes are added, wouldn’t the monsters become even more formidable?”

TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 386: External Threats and Internal Worries


It was evident that Li Fan was not the only one who noticed this.

After the battle ended, Yan Hang and the others didn’t show any excitement as they watched Decaying Wood turn to ashes in the raging fire.

“Damn, these monsters seem to have grown stronger again.” Yan Hang glanced at the dried wound on his arm, his face ugly as he cursed.

The other four also had varying degrees of injuries.

“Quickly report the situation of this battle. Hopefully, they will come up with a solution soon. Otherwise, I’m afraid we won’t last much longer,” sighed a cultivator named Li Shifeng among the four.

Yan Hang snorted coldly but didn’t retort.

He opened the Records of Hundred Matters and closed his eyes to report.

Li Fan was also checking the Records of Hundred Matters.

Compared to when they first entered the Five Elements Subworld, the information recorded in it was much richer now.

“Overall progress of the grand formation is 78% complete.”“It’s progressing faster than initially expected.”

“But obviously, things here are getting somewhat out of control.”

“I wonder what measures the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will take next.”

Li Fan’s eyes flickered, his hands moving incessantly.

Could the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance really complete the construction of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation on schedule?

Li Fan could almost be certain that they would.

Currently, the main force inside the Five Elements Subworld consisted mostly of Nascent Soul stage cultivators.

But the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was not lacking in Nascent Soul stage cultivators.

Obviously, they hadn’t fully exerted their efforts yet.

If it’s found that the current strength is insufficient to accomplish the mission, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will naturally increase its input.

As for whether the cultivators inside the Five Elements Subworld at this moment could hold on until the reinforcements arrived, that was another matter.

…

As Li Fan had expected, the constant increase in strength of the subworld’s monsters caused widespread anxiety.

Qin Buyi quickly came out to reassure everyone.

Firstly, she explained to everyone that due to the principle of mutual restraint among the Five Elements, they believed that monsters merging with all five attributes wouldn’t occur.

The most extreme situation would only give rise to monsters merging with four attributes.

But this extreme situation would only happen at the end of the process of “Five Elements Return to One”.

What everyone mainly needed to deal with were monsters merging with two or three attributes.

Secondly, the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was already aware of the current situation in the Five Elements Subworld.

Support would arrive soon.

Furthermore, the scale of the reinforcements was quite large, with a total number of people exceeding the combined total of all the cultivators currently working in the subworld.

There’s no need to worry.

Although everyone held a skeptical attitude towards Qi Buyi’s words, they finally breathed a sigh of relief after receiving definite assurance.

With emotions slightly eased, they worked nervously, awaiting the arrival of reinforcements.

Time continued to pass amidst this tense atmosphere.

In the blink of an eye, two years had passed since they entered the Five Elements Subworld.

During this time, there were indeed cultivators who came to support them.

However, it was far from the large-scale reinforcements promised by Qi Buyi.

Whenever questioned, Qi Buyi always came up with various excuses.

However, two new Dao Integration stage cultivators arrived, which somewhat reassured everyone.

With the arrival of these new support cultivators, through their mouths, everyone learned the reasons for the delayed reinforcements.

Externally, there had been significant unrest over the past two years.

Firstly, there were external threats.

The Five Elders Association had redeployed troops to the borders, showing signs of probing and provocation repeatedly.

Unlike before, they didn’t seem to have the intention of initiating large-scale conflicts.

Instead, they concentrated all their forces on Fenglei Island, which was separated from Tianling Province.

According to rumors from the grassroots, it seemed that the Five Elders Association coveted the mysteries of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation and wanted to seize the entire province from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

They conducted a comprehensive and detailed analysis of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation.

However, Li Fan knew that this was just an excuse on the surface.

The true goal of the Five Elders Association should still be the void where the Five Elements Subworld was nurtured in Tianling Province.

“It seems that the truth cannot be concealed forever. Indeed, in two years, the changes in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance in Tianling Province are enough to arouse their vigilance,” Li Fan thought to himself.

In addition to the pressure brought by the Five Elders Association,

There was also unrest within the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

During this period, voices opposing the widespread use of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation suddenly emerged from various places.

And those who voiced these opinions were not insignificant figures.

Most of them were cultivators with Nascent Soul stage or higher cultivation bases occupying important positions in various provinces.

It’s unclear what happened, but these cultivators, who had unanimously expressed absolute support for the construction of the Soul-Locking Formation not long ago,

suddenly changed their stance and clearly expressed their opposition.

Moreover, their opposition was not just for the sake of opposition, but rather had ample arguments and reasons.

This was their viewpoint:

It is well-known that no matter how exquisite a formation is, there will always be a day when it can be penetrated and cracked.

In the past, there have been many instances where protective formations leaked, catching the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance off guard.

This is also why protective formations must be completely replaced at regular intervals.

Now, after the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has painstakingly and at great cost constructed the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation covering all its territories, can it guarantee that the formation will remain effective forever? If it’s analyzed and cracked by the Five Elders Association shortly after completion, wouldn’t that be a huge joke?

In addition, these individuals also harbor doubts about whether the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation can achieve the effects as advertised.

Because the notorious Thousand-Faced Demon Lord, who has been haunting the territories of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, has become more rampant lately.

Many high-ranking cultivators within the provinces have fallen victim to him.

Even in the provinces where the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation has been completed, it only slightly delays his killing spree.

In the end, he still manages to slip away.

Furthermore, even if he is captured, what then?

Since the Five Elders Association can cultivate one Thousand-Faced Demon Lord, they can certainly cultivate two or three.

The original purpose of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation, as advertised, was to make it impossible for any Five Elders Association cultivator within its borders to escape detection.

And now?

While others wreak havoc openly in your territory, you are powerless.

What use is this Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation?

It must be said that these people’s viewpoints are quite reasonable.

So much so that when they raised their doubts to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters, it resonated with quite a few people.

As the opposition intensified, the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, instead of punishing these dissenters as usual, fell into a strange silence.

It is in this backdrop that the whereabouts of the Thousand-Faced Demon Lord became increasingly elusive, and his massacres grew more ferocious.

In addition to external threats and internal worries, Li Fan also heard an interesting story.

Amidst the escalating tensions, in the border region between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association, the Nine Mountain Province, an organization called the Myriad Spirit Sect has recently gained momentum.

It has truly attracted the attention of many cultivators.

All because the Myriad Spirit Sect possesses a peculiar technique.

A technique where the more people cultivate it, the faster the cultivation speed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 387: Man Can Overcome Heaven


From the creation of a new law by the Heavenly Sage, it was not long before cultivators relied on the technique of Heaven Grasping Cultivation Technique for cultivation.

The heavens and earth reacted, bringing about drastic changes.

The more people practiced a certain technique simultaneously, the slower their cultivation speed.

This is what is known as the impossibility of cultivating multiple immortal techniques concurrently.

This is the present truth of the world, and it is the fundamental reason why techniques are so precious.

However, now, in an obscure organization, a technique contradictory to the principles of the heavens and earth has emerged.

Who would believe it?

At first, cultivators dismissed it as a joke and paid it no attention.

However, there were those who sought immortal techniques but had no access to them. With a mentality of giving it a try, they crossed mountains and rivers to explore the situation in the Jiushan Province.

After joining the Myriad Spirit Sect and officially beginning to cultivate the “Myriad Spirit Technique,” something shocking happened.Indeed, all members of the Myriad Spirit Sect were practicing this technique.

From Qi Refining to Soul Transformation, practitioners were at various stages.

Most importantly, the absolute truth that one cannot cultivate multiple techniques simultaneously seemed to be ineffective with the “Myriad Spirit Technique.”

There was simply no occurrence of cultivation slowing down due to an excessive number of practitioners.

The facts were undeniable.

No matter how incredible it seemed, that’s how it happened.

Soon, news of this extraordinary technique in the Myriad Spirit Sect spread throughout the entire cultivation world.

The initial reaction of the public was that only an extraordinary Heavenly Sage could create such an effect by reversing the principles of the heavens and earth.

However, the understanding of the Heavenly Sage was shallow among the people.

Basically, they only gleaned a bit from the “Five Spirit Qi Sensing Technique,” which stated, “Reversing the principles of the heavens and earth to achieve longevity.”

How to reverse, what constitutes a reversal, and to what extent one must reverse to achieve longevity… These questions were all mere unreliable speculations.

It was not unreasonable for them to make such conjectures about the miraculous effects of the “Myriad Spirit Technique.”

Clearly, this speculation was wrong.

After reading through the “Myriad Spirit Technique,” the venerable Haiung Yue of Tianqing Province finally revealed the truth.

The absolute truth of the heavens and earth, that techniques cannot be concurrently cultivated, had not been reversed at all.

The reason why cultivators practicing the Myriad Spirit Technique seemed unaffected was simply due to the inherent characteristics of the technique itself.

Simultaneously, the more people practiced the Myriad Spirit Technique, the faster their cultivation speed.

This is the effect of the Myriad Spirit Technique.

However, at the same time, due to the limitations of the heavens and earth, for every additional cultivator, the cultivation speed of the technique slows down.

These two effects coexist simultaneously.

The result is that one fast and one slow, cancel each other out.

The Myriad Spirit Technique has become a technique that can be practiced with great difficulty.

In fact, according to what Venerable Haiung Yue said, at the very beginning, when the number of practitioners of the Myriad Spirit Technique gradually increased from 1 to 5.

The restrictive effect of the heavens and earth was far greater than the characteristic of the technique’s speed increase.

For ordinary techniques, when five people practice together, even if you’re a genius, you’ll find yourself unable to make any progress.

However, when the number of practitioners of the Myriad Spirit Technique continued to increase from 5 to ten, a hundred, a thousand, and ten thousand,

The speed increase effect became more and more pronounced, eventually barely offsetting the restriction of the inability to practice multiple techniques concurrently.

This is somewhat of a “Man Can Overcome Heaven” in a certain sense.

But it stops there.

Because the speed increase effect of the Myriad Spirit Technique also has its limits.

After offsetting the negative effects of the heavens and earth, the effectiveness of the technique’s accelerated cultivation speed becomes almost negligible.

And apart from increasing cultivation speed, the Myriad Spirit Technique has no other special effects.

This also leads to the fact that for the vast majority of cultivators with choices, it does not qualify as a good technique.

In addition, it seems that there are some other restrictions on the Myriad Spirit Technique.

But Haiung Yue did not specify.

“The ‘Myriad Spirit Technique’ is truly ahead of its time. In any other world, it would definitely be considered a shocking technique that defies the heavens. Unfortunately, it is heavily restricted in the Xuanhuang Realm.” Li Fan muttered to himself as he listened to Yan Hang and the others chatting while constructing the array.

Li Fan was not unfamiliar with this Myriad Spirit Sect.

It was the organization that Su Xiaomei and the others encountered initially, the one that set up toll stations in the chaotic area of Jiushan Pass.

That genderless organization, with its own Peach Blossom Paradise, and the one I injured with my Invincible Sword, Chen Yurou, left a slight impression on Li Fan.

“According to Haiung Yue, only by gathering a large number of practitioners from the beginning and practicing the Myriad Spirit Technique together is it possible to get started.”

“In the chaotic land of Jiushan Province, being able to gather such a large group of people, the leader of this Myriad Spirit Sect is also extraordinary.”

…

The infusion of fresh blood slightly eased the increasingly tense atmosphere within the Five Elements Cave.

But it didn’t last long.

As the frequency of fusion monsters’ appearances became more frequent, the cultivators struggling within each cave finally couldn’t hold on any longer.

When the first casualties appeared, some formation masters directly chose to stop working.

Of course, they didn’t openly announce it.

They just covertly opposed the situation under the guise of dealing with monsters.

Regarding this, Qi Buyi was a bit helpless.

She couldn’t just ask the two sitting Ancestors to unleash a killing spree, right?

Not to mention that the formation masters within the subworlds all had quite prestigious backgrounds.

If she really did that, forcibly pressuring them might just backfire and lead to the construction of the Five Elements Cave formations directly grinding to a halt.

This was a rare situation for Qi Buyi, and for a moment, she felt somewhat at a loss.

She could only report the situation to Chief Lu while trying her best to appease everyone.

To prevent a worse riot from happening.

As for the storms outside, although Li Fan himself didn’t care much, his efficiency in setting up formations inevitably suffered.

Yan Hang and the other five were gradually struggling against the monsters, so he also had to allocate some mental energy to pay attention to the battle.

At critical moments, Li Fan would even participate in the battle.

Of course, only in an auxiliary capacity with formations.

Just as the situation was gradually deteriorating, a thorough white light pierced through the entire Five Elements Cave.

The reinforcements had finally arrived.

An extremely massive Dust Crossing Boating Boat spanned outside the void of the cave.

Occupying most of the sky.

Cultivators flew towards various subworlds like densely packed black dots, orderly.

And Li Fan, who had been staying in the water attribute subworld, also got a glimpse of the overall situation of the Five Elements Cave for the first time.

It seemed like interconnected rings, yet also like a mixed palette of colors.

Clear and distinct, yet hard to distinguish from each other.

As the light column gradually dimmed, the illusory scenes of the metal, fire, and earth subworlds also slowly disappeared.

At the same time, the collaborative operation list in the Heavenly Record almost doubled.

When Li Fan looked through it, he even saw many familiar names.

They were the young formation masters who had trained with Li Fan in the Universal Institute and then returned to various provinces to participate in the Grand Competition.

“It seems that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is really short-handed now.”

“Even the reserves have been pulled over.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 388: Are You Unconvinced?


TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon

Around two and a half years ago, the most efficient array masters had already completed the construction of their respective Soul Locking Arrays.

Some chose to rest.

While others, for the sake of gaining points in the grand competition, went to support areas where the array formation remained incomplete.

However, for secretive places like the Five Elements Great Immortal Realm, these young array masters still didn’t have the qualifications to enter.

Li Fan, too, relied on Chief Lu’s relationship and the sudden change in the void of Tian Lingzhou to have the fortune to come here.

Who would have thought that after two years, the place Li Fan painstakingly managed to reach would become accessible with just a simple application.

“Isn’t this Fellow Daoist Li Fan? It’s an honor to meet you!”

A young array master named Xiang Liu warmly greeted Li Fan.

“Since two years ago, Fellow Daoist, your ranking has soared, steadily holding a position in the top three, causing quite a stir and numerous discussions.”“Although everyone knows your deeds, there are still many Fellow Daoists who are no less dedicated than you if we talk about working hard.”

“At that time, people speculated that you must have been responsible for constructing formations in some extremely important subworld.”

“And it turns out, it’s true!”

Xiang Liu looked at Li Fan with deep emotion, but there was no trace of jealousy in his eyes.

On the other hand, Gu Youguang, another array master, couldn’t hide his envy: “Fellow Daoist must have a profound background to have the opportunity to come to such a critical place.”

“The points obtained within the Five Elements Great Immortal Realm are more than triple those outside!”

Li Fan coughed lightly, pretending to be extremely weak: “Hehe, Fellow Daoist misunderstood. My presence here is also just a coincidence, benefiting from Senior Huangfu Song’s grace.”

“Moreover, my end is near, and I will return to heaven soon. What use do I have for so-called points and rankings?”

“Regardless of where I am, the difference is negligible to me.”

“As long as I am engaged in constructing the Soul Locking Array.”

Hearing this, Xiang Liu and Gu Youguang both put away their playful expressions, becoming extremely serious.

“Fellow Daoist’s actions are truly admirable.”

“This is also why, although you are ranked second outside, there aren’t many people who are dissatisfied.”

Li Fan also didn’t expect that the point multiplier within the Five Elements Great Immortal Realm would be so high.

Plus, with my non-stop hard work over the past two years, I unexpectedly managed to rank second in the grand competition.

“Who’s in first place?” Li Fan couldn’t help but ask with some curiosity.

“Who else could it be? Isn’t it that Guo Ye Zhong?” Gu Youguang seemed somewhat disdainful, speaking with great contempt.

“Brother Gu, be cautious…” Xiang Liu glanced at Gu Youguang, then explained, “The one who’s currently firmly holding the first place is the one who originally ranked last, Fellow Daoist Guo Ye Zhong.”

“Guo Ye Zhong…” Li Fan’s gaze flickered slightly, deliberately asking, “Why can he rise from last place to first? And judging by Brother Gu’s tone…”

Before Xiang Liu could explain, Gu Youguang interjected, “What else does he have? Isn’t it just luck? It is said that after the battle in Tian Lingzhou, he was the first to propose the idea of the Soul Locking Array. So, for each Soul Locking Array constructed, he gets a significant contribution. That’s how he can obtain a considerable reward in points.”

“And with more and more formations being built now, naturally, no one can surpass him.”

Gu Youguang said somewhat resentfully, “Actually, there’s nothing to it. After all, he did make contributions to the formation’s birth. What truly angers everyone is that he relies on the advantages he has gained, winning effortlessly, and even refuses to exert any more effort. He sees the efforts of his fellow cultivators as trivial, trampling on the meaning of our hard work…”

Seeing Gu Youguang becoming more and more excessive, Xiang Liu quickly interrupted him, “Actually, Fellow Daoist Guo is still quite admirable, a natural talent. It is said that he not only proposed the idea of the Soul Locking Array but also personally designed and created its prototype.”

“Moreover, It is said that he had zero points before, only delayed by some urgent matters. It’s not intentional…”

Gu Youguang snorted, “What ‘it is said’? Who believes that! I’ve also heard that it’s all because he has a good father!”

“When fellow cultivators came to reason with him, not only did he not feel guilty, he even rationalized and boldly asked, ‘What, are you unconvinced?’

“Truly shameless. Thinking back to the time when I studied with such a person, it makes me feel disgusted!”

Xiang Liu looked full of resentment towards Gu Youguang, unable to help but smile bitterly and shake his head, no longer trying to persuade him.

“Guo Ye Zhong…” Li Fan recalled the encounter with this person in the Universal Academy. “I really misjudged him…”

During the rest of the conversation, Guo Ye Zhong was not mentioned again.

Just reminiscing about the past years of studying together, Li Fan asked them about their experiences in the outside world.

After some casual chatting, they saw that it was almost time.

The two of them then joined in the construction of the array formations within the Water Immortal Realm.

Xiang Liu and Gu Youguang’s array skills were not inferior to Li Fan’s.

With their assistance, the progress was greatly accelerated.

Moreover, along with their support, there were also many cultivators from the Garrison Hall.

They all carried a kind of glass bottle-shaped magic treasure that could release the “Dual-Element Glass Light” from the bottle.

This mysterious light had a purifying function that worked wonders against the fusion monsters within the Five Elements Great Immortal Realm.

With no external threats, the overall construction progress of the Tian Xuan Soul Locking Array increased day by day.

However, four months later, the progress reached 99%.

At the same time, the process of the Five Elements merging into one was about to reach its final stage.

In the sky, the giant upside-down tree had countless branches deeply inserted into the azure waters.

Strangely enough, when the Wood and Water elements initially made slight contact, there would be continuous strange monster occurrences.

Now that the true fusion of the Wood and Water attributes was occurring, those bizarre creatures never appeared.

But as Li Fan looked at the green branches tainted by the blue water, the incomplete figures reappeared before his eyes.

“Fellow Daoist Li Fan, it’s time to withdraw.”

Xiang Liu looked at Li Fan, who seemed lost in thought, and reminded him.

Li Fan nodded slightly, unfurled the Sky Escape Shuttle, and headed towards the enormous Dust Crossing Boatboat reappearing in the sky.

Their work was no longer needed.

As countless cultivators returned to the Dust Crossing Boatboat, dark figures flew against the crowd, heading towards various array nodes that had been previously constructed.

They would use the “Eternal Punishment Essence Gold” to protect the crucial structures of the Soul Locking Array.

When everything was ready, and the Tian Xuan Mirror was in place, the Soul Locking Array covering the Five Elements Great Immortal Realm would be considered completely constructed.

“I hope there won’t be any more flaws.” Li Fan thought to himself as he returned to the Dust Crossing Boatboat.

“Master, what do you think this subworld will become after the Five Elements merge into one?” A curious voice of a young child sounded in his ear.

TL Note: Hey Guys, Google Adsense keeps rejecting this site again and again. If you can, please consider joining Patreon. Go to Patreon Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 389: Five Elements Heaven Secret Realm


TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon

“Master?” Hearing this term, Li Fan felt a bit bewildered.

In the current cultivation world, cultivating oneself is not an easy task. Who would still bother with passing on teachings and solving doubts?

Ever since he embarked on the path of cultivation, over these years, he had never seen a genuine master-disciple relationship.

Curious, Li Fan looked towards the direction of the voice.

He saw an old man and a child standing at the edge of the gigantic Dust Crossing Boat, both dressed similarly and emitting similar auras as cultivators.

Both of them wore green robes. The old man had white hair but a youthful face, his complexion rosy. The child, on the other hand, looked weathered, with a demeanor as if he had seen through the world.

What astonished Li Fan was that the tender voice he just heard actually came from the mouth of the white-haired old man.

He looked puzzled, gazing down at the child beside him who asked.

The child appeared to be only about five or six years old, but the words coming from his mouth were far beyond a child’s speech.“Everything starts from nothing and returns to nothing.”

“The Five Elements return to One, merely reverting to their original state.”

The child in green robes replied with a smile.

After pondering for a moment, the old man suddenly realized the answer and said excitedly, “I understand now, Master. You mean, before long, this place will return to a state of chaos and emptiness, just like what we saw before. Am I right?”

The child chuckled, looking at the old man with kindness. “You’re correct. If left to evolve freely without external intervention, that’s indeed what will happen.”

“But if one day, outsiders intrude and take away some of the materials inside this paradise, then it’s hard to say.” The child looked at the Five Elements Subworld below with a hint of lament.

Upon hearing this, Li Fan was slightly taken aback, squinting his eyes to carefully examine the master-disciple pair before him.

It was as if the old man and the child completely ignored Li Fan’s presence.

The old man furrowed his brows, seemingly pondering his master’s words.

After a moment, he suddenly enlightened, “This paradise, where the Five Elements circulate and blend seamlessly, flawless and perfect. It can either divide into five or merge back into one. But if outsiders take a portion from each element, it will cause imbalance. And then…”

“And then…”

At this point, the old man seemed to be stuck, unable to continue.

The child in green robes smiled faintly and continued, “Actually, if it’s just small-scale and long-term extraction, the Five Elements Subworld relies on its own attribute circulation and self-regulation, which wouldn’t lead to imbalance in the Five Elements.”

“But if there’s a short-term, large-scale plundering of resources from certain elemental paradises…”

“The adjustment mechanism of the paradises couldn’t keep up with the output, causing a complete imbalance in the Five Elements within this paradise.”

“Master, what will happen after a complete imbalance?” The old man in green robes asked curiously.

The child in green robes now restrained his smile, saying, “Do you still remember the Five Elements Sect that I mentioned to you before?”

The old man nodded, “Disciple remembers. The Five Elements Sect is a subsidiary sect of the Great Dao Sect. A few years ago, when their sect leader came to our Dust Crossing Sect to pay respects, I saw them!”

At this moment, Li Fan, who was listening to the conversation between master and disciple, was greatly shocked.

He finally confirmed that the two in front of him were not real beings on this Dust Crossing Boat at all.

They were like mirages, akin to illusions in the desert!

The conversation between master and disciple seemed to be happening in the ancient cultivation world before the Great Calamity, when the sects still existed.

Li Fan scanned around and noticed that while there was bustling activity on the Dust Crossing Boat, for some reason, besides himself, no one else could see this illusionary scene.

Without making a sound, Li Fan continued to observe the conversation between the ancient Dust Crossing Sect master and disciple.

The child in green robes continued, “The Five Elements Sect was actually quite powerful back then. Apart from our Ten Immortal Sects, they were one of the top cultivation sects in the Xuanhuang Realm. Within the sect, there’s a secret realm called the ‘Five Elements Heaven.’ It’s almost like a world of its own, incredibly abundant in resources.”

“Compared to the large Five Elements Subworld here, it’s far superior.”

“Relying on this secret realm, if the Five Elements Sect had slowly developed and passed thousands of years, they might have become one of the top sects in the world.”

“Unfortunately, the former sect leader of the Five Elements Sect, Lan Xiangfeng, had narrow-minded vision…”

At this point, the child in green robes snorted coldly, a hint of frustration flashing in his eyes.

The old man in green robes widened his eyes, not daring to speak, waiting quietly for the continuation.

After a moment, the child in green robes spoke again, “At that time, it was said that the Heaven Sword Sect needed a vast amount of Taiyuan Essence Gold to forge the legendary ‘Boundary-breaking Divine Weapon.'”

“This Taiyuan Essence Gold is extremely rare, usually randomly found within metal ore veins, not something you can easily come by. The Heaven Sword Sect has already searched almost every possible source on the market, but they’re still far from what they need.”

“It’s said that within the Five Elements Heaven secret realm of the Five Elements Sect, there might be a large stockpile. So, the sect leader of the Heaven Sword Sect personally went to plead.”

“That notorious old man was so arrogant, yet he actually bowed to the Five Elements Sect. Lan Xiangfeng, the former sect leader, was suddenly overjoyed, feeling like he couldn’t find his way.”

“Moreover, the Heaven Sword Sect offered a ridiculously high price, persuading all the elders of the Five Elements Sect.”

“So, the Five Elements Sect began to dig extensively for Taiyuan Essence Gold within the secret realm. Just this action alone wouldn’t have led to the tragedy that followed.”

“But unfortunately, they were tempted by someone’s persuasion, saying that since various metal ores were unearthed during the excavation, they shouldn’t go to waste and should be sold. Other sects also heard about the abundance of metal ores in the Five Elements Sect and came to purchase them.”

“Blinded by greed, the Five Elements Sect’s excavation of metal veins became increasingly frenzied.”

“Finding themselves short-handed, they even hired wandering cultivators.”

“Finally, one day, the massive loss of metal elements led to an imbalance in the Five Elements Heaven.”

“Irreversibly, it evolved into a state of annihilation, heading inevitably towards the unity of the Five Elements.”

“And then, when the missing metal elements couldn’t satisfy the unity of the Five Elements, the remaining wood, water, fire, and earth elements began to collide chaotically, endlessly…”

“The ultimate result was a massive explosion that completely destroyed the Five Elements Heaven.”

“The entire Five Elements Sect suffered losses that can’t be described as anything but devastating. Their core strength was almost wiped out, and they never recovered from that blow.”

As the conversation ended, the child in green robes sighed incessantly.

Listening in, Li Fan suddenly felt a chill in his heart.

Wasn’t the plight of the ancient Five Elements Heaven just like what’s happening in the present Five Elements Subworld?

In that case, after the unity of the Five Elements, wouldn’t there be a catastrophic explosion here too?

Cursing inwardly, Li Fan looked back at the ancient Dust Crossing Sect master and disciple, only to find their figures becoming more and more blurry.

The words uttered from their open mouths became indistinct.

TL Note: Hey Guys, Google Adsense keeps rejecting this site again and again. If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 390: Time Mirage


TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon

Although Li Fan didn’t know why there would be ancient illusions at the moment when the Five Elements merged into one.

And only he could see it.

But Li Fan believed that the conversation between Master and Disciple were not groundless.

“Could the sudden convergence of the Five Elements in this Great Five Elements Subworld be due to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance exploiting the resources of a certain attribute subworld?”

Li Fan’s thoughts quickly turned, and after a moment of contemplation, he decided not to sit idly by.

Even if a major explosion occurred, it might not be safe on the Dust Crossing Boat.

Li Fan quickly contacted Qi Buyi using the Records of Hundred Matters and told her about the strange scene he had just witnessed.

To his surprise, Qi Buyi, upon receiving the news, showed no signs of panic.

“Oh, it turns out to be a ‘Time Mirage’! Friend, you’re lucky…”“Huh? I remember you only have Golden Core cultivation, right? You can sense it too?”

“It seems that Friend has a strong soul, far beyond ordinary people.”

After some explanation, Li Fan finally understood what this so-called ‘Time Mirage’ was all about.

Just like the ‘Mortal Transcendence Wall’ in Tianyun Province once recorded the scene of Mr. Bai’s mortal transcendence, ascending in one step.

When certain conditions are met, phenomena that are recorded in the world will occur and then repeatedly appear at specific times.

And when the Five Elements merge into one, heading from being to nothingness, it is very easy to trigger the phenomenon of a ‘Time Mirage’.

Several years ago, when the Five Elements merged into one in the Great Five Elements Subworld, a pair of Master and disciple from the Dust Crossing Sect passed by.

The Master explained to the disciple.

This scene happened to be recorded by the ‘Time Mirage’.

Now, after countless cycles, the convergence of the Five Elements once again occurred.

The scene of the Master enlightening the disciple reappeared, and was sensed by Li Fan, who had a strong soul due to practicing the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra.

…

Although Qi Buyi’s explanation calmed Li Fan about the origin of the illusion.

It didn’t completely ease his mind.

Li Fan frowned and asked, “Senior Qi, will the explosion mentioned in this mirage really happen?”

“Shouldn’t we take some defensive measures?”

Qi Buyi smiled and replied, “Don’t worry, it’s just a small matter. After we learned about the signs of the Five Elements merging into one, we predicted various possibilities. Including this explosion, it’s all within our plan.”

“Friend, just watch quietly.”

“Besides, the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation is almost completed now. Why bother adding unnecessary actions to make defensive measures?”

There was no response from Qi Buyi’s side, but her words made Li Fan sink into deep thought.

“Is the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation enough to ignore the imbalance caused by the merging of the Five Elements?”

A trace of doubt flashed through Li Fan’s mind.

Just as Zhang Zhiliang had said at the beginning, even as the builders of the Spirit Locking Formation, Li Fan and the others might not truly understand the true power of the ‘Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation’.

Perhaps, in the current Xuanhuang Realm, only a few people know what kind of power the fully activated Spirit Locking Formation will unleash.

“It’s just right to take advantage of this opportunity to see what kind of supernatural powers our creations, which we’ve worked hard on for several years, will have.”

Li Fan still had doubts about whether a seemingly ‘monitoring’ formation could withstand the explosion that would bring everything back to chaos.

But since Qi Buyi said so, it meant that she would not let it go to waste.

The existence of the ‘Eternal Chaos Gold’ used to protect the formation also indicated that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had indeed made preparations.

So Li Fan stood by the side of the Dust Crossing Boat, quietly watching below, waiting for the convergence of the Five Elements.

The Great Five Elements Subworld, like a mixture of paint, became more and more chaotic.

The huge roars and collisions even pierced through layers of spatial barriers and reached the Dust Crossing Boat.

The branches of the upside-down giant tree grew wildly, covering the azure sea.

Fierce flames burned everything to ashes, giving birth to green wood in the midst of the ashes.

…

Bizarre scenes completely contrary to the real world continued to unfold in the nearing end of the Five Element Cave.

With the passage of time, the fusion of the Five Elements attribute subworlds became even tighter.

In the sea area covered with roots, the rocks stood tall, twisted, and melted into scorched earth.

Soon, flames were born from the wasteland, and wood and water intertwined.

Slowly, as the process of the Five Elements merging intensified,

these bizarre scenes no longer existed.

There were simply colorful spiritual energies mingling and intertwining below.

Dyeing the cave below into an incredibly abstract painting.

Li Fan concentrated, staring closely at the dying cave.

The various colors became increasingly dull.

The invisible darkness, like a fierce beast, swallowed the remaining colors.

It became faster and faster.

However, even after the area of the Five Element Subworld completely turned into nothingness,

there were still many indescribable colors that seemed to linger.

So, these overall grayish existences began to proliferate fiercely.

Like a constantly churning huge vortex, absorbing the surrounding blackness.

The area below now looked like a rapidly expanding dyeing tray.

As Li Fan stared at it, he suddenly felt dizzy and disoriented.

However, he forced himself not to look away.

There was a vague sense in his heart that observing this imbalance of the Five Elements’ explosion might be greatly beneficial to him.

At this moment, the abnormality in the void below also attracted the attention of other cultivators.

While they gathered to watch, there was no expression of worry on their faces.

Evidently, they had great confidence in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The colorful dyeing tray spun faster and faster, finally reaching its limit at a certain moment.

A highly dangerous aura suddenly erupted from below.

Li Fan subconsciously took a step back.

Like the light of creation, it illuminated the dark void.

An extreme whiteness was thus born, carrying the power to destroy everything around.

Just at this moment…

Outside the void, a hint of green light suddenly appeared.

Then, along the nodes of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation built by Li Fan and the others,

it expanded rapidly.

Its speed was several times faster than the white light caused by the explosion.

In an instant, countless intersecting green threads formed a huge network, completely shrouding the explosion area within.

Then, before the cultivators could react,

countless green threads jetted out from the main network autonomously.

Endless, continuous.

In the blink of an eye, the dazzling white light had disappeared.

In its place, appearing before the eyes of the cultivators, was a huge cocoon enveloped in green light.

With a slight movement, the cocoon suddenly shrank slightly.

And the green color on the main network of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation became even brighter.

Like a beating heart, continuously transmitting energy.

Amidst the stunned gaze of the onlookers, the green cocoon became smaller and smaller.

Until it disappeared completely.

And the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation, which easily resolved the imbalance explosion of the Five Elements, was blooming with its own green brilliance in the dark void.

“Is this the power of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation?”

Li Fan was also somewhat dumbfounded.

He was very sure.

Even in the ancient cultivation world where powerful individuals abounded, it would be impossible to resolve such a terrifying explosion so easily.

But now, with the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had effortlessly accomplished this.

Suddenly, a chill rose in Li Fan’s heart.

If defense was already this strong, could the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation also possess offensive capabilities?

TL Note: Hey Guys, Google Adsense keeps rejecting this site again and again. If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 391: The Genesis of Tianxuan


TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon

Thanks fate fate for joining the Patreon. Update: You can read 16 chapters ahead for $10. I have removed all other tiers. I am also translating Great Shadow of Britain novel, It’s a historical web novel. Do Check it out on

A crisis vanished without a trace.

After the calm, thunderous applause erupted on the colossal Dust Crossing Ship.

The formation masters and many collaborative constructors, witnessing the formidable power of the creation they had labored over for years, couldn’t conceal their excitement.

Li Fan also joined in applauding, his face filled with contentment.

However, a thought surfaced in his mind, one he couldn’t suppress.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had meticulously constructed the awe-inspiring Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array.

( TL Note: Everyone I am using Soul-Locking and Spirit Locking interchangeably. They are the same thing.)

But after it was completed, would the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance really let Li Fan and the other formation builders live?It wasn’t that Li Fan was overly suspicious.

“Wars bring peace, but generals never see it” is nothing extraordinary throughout history.

When mortal emperors built tombs, they would exterminate all the craftsmen involved to prevent leaks.

Li Fan had little confidence in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

If they were only monitoring the grand formation, perhaps there was still a glimmer of hope for survival for the formation masters like them.

But now, with the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array showing such power…

It was hard to imagine how much the formation might be hiding in the shadows.

The stronger the actual power of the Soul-Locking Array, the more bleak the prospects for the formation masters.

“Perhaps the delay in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance fulfilling my longevity wishes is related to this.”

“Since we are all destined to die eventually, why bother with such extra efforts.”

Li Fan thought, feeling increasingly cold inside.

Just as he pondered on future strategies, the exclamations of the crowd redirected his attention to the void below.

After the great explosion, apart from the azure giant web of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array, the location of the Five Elements Subworld was now empty.

However, at this moment, visible surges of energy were spewing out from various nodes of the Soul-Locking Array.

“Is that… the Five Elements energy?”

After careful sensing, Li Fan’s expression changed slightly.

Using the void as a canvas and the various attribute energies previously absorbed as pigments,

The Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array, like a sophisticated machine, bit by bit, reconstructed the destroyed Great Five Elements Subworld.

This process, comparable to the genesis of the world, unfolded unabashedly before the eyes of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The azure waters surged, towering trees grew rapidly, and raging flames soared…

The scenes within the former Great Five Elements Subworld were rapidly reproduced at a speed far exceeding Li Fan’s comprehension.

This magnificent sight firmly captivated the minds of all cultivators on the Dust Crossing Boat.

Not daring to make the slightest noise, they feared disturbing the grand creation of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array.

Time passed slowly.

After an unknown duration, a completely new Five Elements Subworld appeared in the world.

It had been re-modulated by the Tianxuan Mirror, and although its scale seemed much smaller than before, it had restored the original balance of the Five Elements.

After completing this masterpiece, the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array, like actors after the curtain call, slowly disappeared from everyone’s view.

Leaving behind a group of Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators, filled with nothing but silence and daze.

“Such methods…”

Li Fan took a deep breath, suppressing the shock and agitation in his heart, quickly analyzing with rationality.

“Different from true creation. It’s not creating something out of nothing, but rather the recombination of matter.”

“Moreover, this newly born Great Subworld also seems to lack the presence of living beings, just a domain of reorganized spiritual energy.”

“Nevertheless, the power displayed by the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array is extremely terrifying.”

“It seems to have analyzed the unity of the Five Elements and then proceeded with reverse engineering.”

“An empty Great Subworld without the presence of living beings, an inexplicable imbalance of attributes, the order given to complete the formation construction before the unity of the Five Elements by the prepared Eternal Chaos Gold…”

“Perhaps the intentional cause of the explosion in this Grand Cave was for the Tianxuan Mirror to complete the analysis of the Five Elements Transformation.”

As if confirming Li Fan’s speculation, after the completion of the new Great Five Elements Subworld, many black-clad cultivators flew out from the Dust Crossing Ship.

They each flew towards different Grand subworlds, arranging the Five Elements living beings that were originally transferred.

Before long, this newly born Grand Subworld slowly regained its vitality.

At this moment, a notice from Qi Buyi came through the Records of Hundred Matters.

The Soul-Locking Array of the Five Elements Subworld was completed smoothly, and the Dust Crossing Ship would return to Tianchen Province for a three-day celebration.

Not only were many rare spiritual foods and teas prepared for everyone to taste for free, but during the break time, constructing formations within the Five Elements Subworld would still count towards the overall score at a unified and fixed speed.

With this news, the cultivators, awakening from the shock brought by the Soul-Locking Array, became excited.

“Since the Soul-Locking Array has not yet been fully constructed, there should be no imminent danger for the time being.”

Looking at the excited crowd of cultivators discussing, Li Fan thought for a moment, feeling that it shouldn’t be time to face execution just yet.

While pondering, Li Fan suddenly sensed some movement from an item inside his storage ring.

Without showing any signs, he quietly entered the Dust Crossing Ship and found an unmanned cabin, retrieving the item.

It was the key to controlling the Bone Pioneer Realm, the Left Hand of White Bone.

A faint ripple emanated from it.

Li Fan sensed it slightly, his expression becoming somewhat absent-minded.

“Fellow Daoist, I haven’t been able to contact you through ‘Jade Slips’ for a while, so I can only inform you through this method.”

“The thirty-year lease period has expired. Does the Bone Pioneer Realm need to renew the lease?”

“If necessary, please contact me before the expiration date.”

“Otherwise, the previous key will become ineffective, and you won’t be able to enter the White Bone Pioneer Realm anymore.”

“The items and scenes left behind in the Bone Pioneer Realm will be temporarily preserved for you for three months.”

“After three months, I will proceed with clearance.”

A somewhat familiar voice sounded in Li Fan’s mind.

It was the true master of the Bone Pioneer Realm, the cultivator who claimed to be the Purple Mists Immortal Venerable.

At 9th year, Li Fan rented the White Bone Vanguard Realm for thirty years from him in order to deceive the people leaving the realm.

Now, nearing the end of the 38th year, the lease period was up.

The Purple Mists Immortal Venerable sent an inquiry message.

“The construction of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array began 29th year. I didn’t expect ten years to pass so quickly.”

After some thought, Li Fan didn’t immediately reply to the Purple Mists Immortal Venerable.

As the Dust Crossing Ship returned to Tianchen Province and cultivators indulged in feasting and celebration at the Thousand Stars Academy, Li Fan came alone to the Dao Discussion Tower within the city.

Renting a secluded courtyard, Li Fan casually set up protective formations and entered the White Bone Pioneer Realm.

Leaving behind four miniature Medicine King Cauldrons, he then activated the Five Elements Annihilation Sword, damaging all his arrangements.

Using his permissions, he left behind an image in the Vanguard Realm.

Returning to the real world, Li Fan destroyed the Left Hand of White Bone, completely severing the last connection with the Bone Pioneer Realm.

“Clone handled the purchase of the Bone Pioneer Realm in this world.”

“From now on, no matter what happens, they shouldn’t trace it back to me.”

TL Note: For now, I am going along with this thinking: Realm < Subworld < Great Subworld.TL Note: Hey Guys, Google Adsense keeps rejecting this site again and again. If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 392: Ten Years Lost


TL Note: If you want to support the translations, go to Patreon

“So many years have passed. If things go as expected, the Medicine King True Cauldron in the Cangwu Abyss should have appeared by now.”

“I hope Su Xiaomei and the others can hold onto these four small cauldrons, so that I can peek into the secrets of the Medicine King Cauldron.”

Before leaving the Dao Discussion Tower branch, Li Fan once again checked the Tianxuan Mirror.

Firstly, he checked the rankings of the Grand Competition Gold List.

He still firmly held the unshakable second position.

After more than two years of crazily accumulating points within the Five Elements Subworld, he had already opened up a considerable gap with the third place.

If nothing major happened next, it was likely that he would end up with this title.

As for the first place, Guo Yezhong, due to his insurmountable and unique points deduction, was far ahead of Li Fan.

Currently, there seemed to be no hope of surpassing him.Li Fan stared closely at Guo Yezhong’s name: “Dissolution Disc…” (TL Note: Not sure what this means. Any ideas?)

“Perhaps the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance never intended to send it out at all.”

With a cold snort, Li Fan closed the rankings and checked the messages he had received over the years.

Due to being in various secret realms, communication talismans couldn’t communicate with the outside world.

The vast majority of messages were sent to the Tianxuan Mirror space.

Mostly, they were just greetings from He Zhenghao, Jing Xuandao, and others, without anything important.

Li Fan swept through them.

Finally, he checked his own merit level.

“Derivation Thirty-One.”

Seeing this number, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a jump in his heart.

“Indeed, it’s the thousand-year plan of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. I only participated in the construction of three major formations, and my merit level skyrocketed to thirty-one.”

“If one were to leisurely complete merit tasks, I’m afraid it would take a lifetime to reach this height of Golden Core cultivation.”

Participating in the construction of the Tianxuan Soul Lock Formation had merit rewards.

And after completing each formation, real-time settlement would be conducted.

This was clearly explained by Ji hong dao when mobilizing earlier.

After reaching a merit level of Thirty-One, new privileges were unlocked.

Firstly, there were some small benefits.

One could apply for free visits to certain famous places in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, such as the previously seen Divine Treasury Museum.

Furthermore, one could apply for cross-regional, same-level transfers of duties.

If He Zhenghao had had this privilege from the beginning, he wouldn’t have had to trouble the Oracle Sons and Jing Xuandao; he could have directly transferred to Tianyu Province.

In addition to this, what Li Fan valued more were the decryption of some forbidden data.

Many previously inaccessible pieces of information could now be seen by Li Fan in the Tianxuan Mirror.

For example, the information about the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s entrance examination, which occurred every ten years.

Li Fan’s eyes flickered as he quickly noted down the questions for 9th year Anchor point.

Just as Li Fan was eagerly browsing through various pieces of information, two days passed in a hurry.

On the final day of rest, Li Fan received messages from Gu Youguang and Xiang Liu.

They had both looked around but couldn’t find Li Fan’s figure in the Qianxing Branch.

Feeling somewhat worried, they sent inquiries.

After Li Fan replied that he was safe and sound, at the last moment, he returned to the celebration venue.

Inside the Qianxing Branch, the lights were brightly lit.

People were coming and going, creating a lively scene.

“Feeling a bit tired, so I went to rest for a moment. Please forgive me.”

Li Fan said with a smile.

Xiang Liu and Gu Youguang nodded repeatedly, seeming very understanding.

“But it’s a pity.”

Gu Youguang shook his head and sighed.

“Oh? What’s the matter?”

Li Fan asked.

Xiang Liu continued: “Friend, you don’t know. Yesterday, the renowned ‘Ethereal Fairy’ of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance came to offer condolences.”

“It’s truly regrettable that you missed the chance to see her beauty!”

Gu Youguang also agreed: “The Ethereal Fairy, incomparably beautiful, was rare to see. The images I’ve collected cannot capture even a fraction of her charm. That beauty transcends the limits of language. Only by seeing it with your own eyes can you understand how truly extraordinary she is.”

Li Fan thought it was just about a woman.

He chuckled and shrugged, unconcerned: “I’m an old man at death’s door, why would I care about such things?”

Gu Youguang couldn’t help but solemnize and lowered his voice: “If friend has the chance to see her beauty up close, it might not be impossible to change one’s fate against the heavens.”

“The Ethereal Fairy, her constitution is special…”

“Hmm, you understand.”

Li Fan shook his head with a smile.

Xiang Liu also sensed that this topic was a bit untimely and immediately changed the subject: “Friend, what are your plans next?”

“Senior Qi has already publicly displayed the overall construction progress of the Spirit Lock Formation inside the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. All cultivators who participated in the construction of the Five Elements Subworld can freely choose their next goals.”

As he spoke, he took out a jade-like crystal from his storage ring and handed it over.

After Li Fan took it and examined it, he was somewhat surprised.

“How can the construction progress be so fast?”

Compared to what he had seen from Huangfu Song over two years ago,

the current construction progress of the Spirit Lock Formation was almost entirely completed.

The overall progress was close to 95%.

“It’s all because of those voices of opposition causing trouble.”

Gu Youguang shrugged: “Recently, the waves of opposition against the Tianxuan Soul Lock Formation have been getting stronger and stronger. In some places, there have even been incidents of using force to stop the construction. Although they were immediately suppressed, it also indicates the danger of the situation.”

“To avoid too many complications, everyone has been going all out and not resting for a moment during this time.”

Xiang Liu also sighed deeply: “I really don’t understand why some people have such strong opposition.”

“If they were to see the performance of the Spirit Lock Formation in the Five Elements Subworld, they would definitely change their minds.”

Gu Youguang said earnestly, “It’s a pity that Senior Qi has already instructed that it’s top-secret information and cannot be leaked. Otherwise, we could just tell them.”

Li Fan nodded in agreement on the surface, but inwardly he scoffed: “If those opponents were to see the power of the Spirit Lock Formation with their own eyes, they would probably stop it at all costs, even at the risk of their lives.”

“It doesn’t matter. When the Tianxuan Soul Lock Formation is truly popularized, all doubts will be dispelled without effort.”

Just as the three of them were speaking, suddenly, the voice of Qi Buyi came from nearby.

Li Fan and the others were startled and quickly bowed to her.

Qi Buyi waved her hand, her face slightly flushed, seemingly having drunk quite a bit of spirit wine.

She said to Li Fan, “Rest assured, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will never mistreat those who have contributed. The matter of extending your life has been approved, and treasures will be delivered soon. If nothing unexpected happens, the extra lifespan will be enough to sustain you until you break through the Nascent Soul Stage.”

Xiang Liu and Gu Youguang were both overjoyed at the news.

Li Fan also showed a grateful expression and thanked Qi Buyi.

As they were talking, a ray of sunlight shone into the Qianxing Branch.

“Hmm, it’s dawn.”

“Just like this dark night will eventually pass.”

“Under the Tianxuan Soul Lock, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will surely usher in an incomparably bright future.”

Qi Buyi’s gaze was unfocused, but her tone was incredibly firm.

Li Fan and the others nodded in agreement.

Just then, many pieces of information appeared in Li Fan’s mind out of nowhere.

It was the sight of the mysterious disappearance of his previous clone.

“Yuandao Province, ten years of disappearance…”

In an instant, Li Fan’s expression couldn’t help but change.

TL Note: Hey Guys, Google Adsense keeps rejecting this site again and again. If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 393: Mysterious Heavenly Fate


TL Note: Join Patreon to read 20 advance Chapters. Please go to Patreon

“Friend Li Fan, are you alright?”

Qi Buyi and the others noticed that Li Fan’s expression suddenly became somewhat unpleasant, and asked with concern.

Li Fan: Li Fan showed a forced smile, “Maybe I’m just getting old and not used to the lively atmosphere here. Suddenly felt a bit uncomfortable.”

Gu Youguang felt a bit guilty, “I shouldn’t have bothered you during rest!”

Li Fan waved his hand slightly, “Brother Gu, don’t worry about it. I’ll go back and rest.”

Xiang and Gu nodded repeatedly.

Before leaving, Qi Buyi looked at Li Fan and suddenly asked, “Can you tell me, in the past few years, although you have known that your time is running out, how did you maintain such an optimistic and fearless state?”

Xiang Liu and Gu Youguang also looked curious.

Li Fan: Li Fan paused for a moment and said calmly, “Treat every day as the last day, and then there’s no fear of death.”“Just that.”

There was a strange light in Qi Buyi’s eyes, nodding slowly.

“Next, before the end of the grand competition, I will arrange for you a slightly easier but still important task for the construction of the Soul Locking Array.”

“Consider it something you deserve.”

After a while, Qi Buyi spoke again.

Li Fan showed no excitement on his face, just calmly said, “In that case, thank you, Senior Qi.”

Then bid farewell to everyone and returned to the small courtyard rented at the Dao Pavilion.

In the secret room, Li Fan sorted out the sudden reappearance of the memories of the avatar in his mind.

And also recalled some of the countermeasures his main body had taken earlier.

Taking out the blank jade slip from the storage ring, sure enough, the content was restored.

When the avatar Xiao Fan and Han Yi left the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, they decided to travel together to the Yuandao Province.

At that time, it was close to anchoring for 29 years, and the “Ten Years Disappearance of Yuandao Province” incident was about to occur.

To test the influence of the “it” lurking above the Yuandao Province, Li Fan recorded this matter in a cryptic manner on the jade slip only he knew about.

For comparison, Li Fan also inscribed the words “Dao” and “Source” on two blank jade slips respectively.

As Li Fan had expected.

When the time entered the 29th year of anchoring, Li Fan unconsciously lost all memories related to the Yuandao Province and everything associated with it.

Even the existence of the avatar in the Yuandao Province was forgotten by himself.

Not only the memories, but the records in the jade slip also became completely blank.

Only the words “Dao” and “Source” inscribed separately remained.

(TL Note: Yuan can be translated as Source)

“Can’t remember, can’t recall…” Li Fan’s expression became extremely solemn.

“If it weren’t for the fact that I couldn’t create the avatar, it would be extremely difficult to notice anything.”

“However, even so, knowing that something is wrong and happening, I still couldn’t recall anything about the Yuandao Province.”

“Until now, anchoring for 39 years…”

“The disappeared Yuandao Province reappeared on the earth.”

“In fact, even now that I know what happened to the avatar, but they are completely unaware of all this…”

At the same time, in the Yuandao Province.

“Friend Xiao Fan, what’s wrong?” Han Yi turned to look at Xiao Fan, surprised.

They were currently heading to a remnant of the Heavenly Capital.

It is said that in ancient times, the Heavenly Capital was suspended above the nine heavens, known as the origin of Dao, the leader of all sects.

Later, for unknown reasons, the Heavenly Capital fell to the earth, forming more than ten relics within the current territory of the Yuandao Province.

Their purpose in this trip was one of them.

He had a premonition that there might be a great opportunity waiting ahead.

With this in mind, Han Yi glanced at Xiao Fan again.

“This person’s fortune is obscure and difficult to discern. According to the ‘Heavenly Fate Scripture’, it’s either that his fortune is too strong, beyond what I can currently discern; or his fortune is too weak, almost nonexistent, so it cannot be discerned.”

“He can obtain the Longevity Fruit of three hundred years, which definitely belongs to the former. Perhaps this trip can make use of his fortune.”

Han Yi secretly thought.

The ‘Heavenly Fate Scripture’ was the cultivation technique he practiced, created by an extraordinary figure who observed the ancient divine bird, the Heavenly Fate Phoenix.

This technique is the reason he obtained the top prize at the fishing contest and started the Heavenly Feather Pill in the Blue Feather Treasure Box.

The ‘Heavenly Fate Scripture’ had many mysterious uses, but the most core aspect was the ability to control one’s own fortune.

According to the scripture, the fortune of living beings is not constant, but constantly interacts with the outside world.

If one cannot control their own fortune, then in each successive ‘stroke of luck’, it will be continuously diminished.

And practicing the ‘Heavenly Fate Scripture’, one can usually converge their own fortune, avoiding wasting it on unnecessary matters.

When the critical moment arrives, one can then burst out the accumulated fortune all at once.

Thus, achieving almost a state of achieving whatever one desires.

Of course, side effects are inevitable. After the outburst, there will be a long period of decline.

During this time, it can be said that even drinking cold water would feel like having one’s teeth stuffed, and everything would go wrong.

The solution is to find someone with strong fortune and follow them closely.

Use their fortune to resolve the crisis.

However, the avatar Xiao Fan could not know Han Yi’s thoughts.

At the moment when the disappeared ten years were restored, the experiences shared from his main body flooded into his mind.

But his senses did not perceive any loss of time.

The tremendous contrast brought about a sense of dislocation, making the avatar feel extremely uncomfortable.

However, he didn’t show it in front of Han Yi.

He remained calm and flew alongside him.

Xiao Fan: “It’s nothing, just suddenly remembered some past events.” With that, the avatar looked up at the sky, his expression inexplicable.

Han Yi: “Oh? Friend Xiao, have you also been to this Yuandao Province?” Han Yi asked curiously.

“Hehe, that’s something from a long time ago.”

As they chatted, the two with their own agendas set off towards the remnants of the Heavenly Capital once again.

Meanwhile, at Li Fan’s original body in the Tianchen Province, after realizing the feelings of his avatar, he also pondered.

“Although ‘it’ has temporarily disappeared, its influence remains. The beings in the Yuandao Province are completely unaware that ten years of their time have been consumed.”

“Even though the avatar knew the established facts, he still couldn’t detect anything unusual.”

“The power of distorted perception is so formidable.”

“The reason I was able to quickly perceive it is not because I have freed myself from its influence, but because…”

“My perception is based on the experience of being consumed by ten years of time in the twelfth return, not in this life.”

“Although ‘its’ power is strong, it cannot penetrate time.”

With these thoughts, Li Fan deeply exhaled a breath of turbid air.

The slight shadows brought by ‘it’ in his heart gradually dissipated.

“For now, it seems that as long as I eliminate the traces left by it on me, there shouldn’t be much of a problem.”

TL Note: Hey Guys, Google Adsense keeps rejecting this site again and again. If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 20 Advance Chapters are available for Patreons Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 394: Insights into Chaos


TL Note: Join Patreon to read 20 advance Chapters. Please go to Patreon

“At this moment, it’s not urgent. Wait until you return to the peak of Dissociation Mountain, and during the nine years waiting for Truth to fully recharge, it will be the perfect time to do this.”

“As for what is hovering above Yuandao Province, perhaps only when I achieve the status of Immortal Sage in the future, will I be able to explore its true nature.”

“Before that, it’s best to avoid it.”

One worry was temporarily resolved.

As this world was nearing its end, Li Fan sorted out his current situation.

In over a decade of uninterrupted days of setting up formations, Li Fan, with the secret technique of “Dao of the Divine One,” did not neglect other matters.

He finally finished reading the “Immortal Medical Classic.”

From this magnificent masterpiece, Li Fan could also glimpse the thoughts of the Heavenly Doctor.

The Heavenly Doctor believed that everything in the world could be healed.From stones, plants, and animals, to people, mountains, lakes, and even the world itself.

In the eyes of a true “doctor,” there was no essential difference.

Practitioners, from small to large, constantly progressed.

Perseverance would lead to the transformation from healing people to healing the world.

Although the “Immortal Medical Classic” did not mention cultivation methods, there seemed to be many mysteries hidden between the lines.

“It’s a pity my talent is still lacking. If I were a true genius, I might have been able to comprehend a technique from it.”

“Perhaps I can use indirect methods.”

Li Fan squinted his eyes as a difficult thought flashed through his mind.

Immediately, he suppressed it.

“Forget it, the risk is too high.”

“The Heavenly Doctor is mysterious and unpredictable. If he were to discover that the ‘Immortal Medical Classic’ is circulating in the world, who knows what kind of upheaval it might cause.”

“Studying it myself will just take a little more time.”

Combining the understanding of sentient beings from the Immortal Medical Classic, Li Fan also continued to modify and improve the “Creation Forge Art.”

“Master Tianyang’s ‘Eternal Remembrance’ still has one last chance of use. Currently, I don’t have much confidence in successfully breaking through. I’ll give it one last try when my life comes to an end.”

“Zhang Zhiliang’s ‘Infinite Method,’ I’ve gradually mastered its essence over the years. With continuous formation setups, my mastery of formations has made remarkable progress. Theoretical knowledge combined with practical application, now even an ordinary Nascent Soul Formation Master may not surpass me.”

“Then there’s the ‘Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra’ and the ‘Life and Death Mystery Technique,’ the combination of the two can rapidly increase the strength of the soul. Although I’m still in the process of recovery since the last trial, time is the one thing I’m not lacking.”

…

A blue crystal in Li Fan’s sea of consciousness emitted a deep blue light.

Under the blessing of his supernatural techniques, although Li Fan had learned many things, he remained undisturbed.

“Apart from those already mastered, there are two more things that are equally useful to me.”

With this in mind, Li Fan used his hand as a pen and swiftly wrote the word “chaos” in the void in front of him.

It seemed that an unusual energy was converging towards the strokes of his pen.

Li Fan closely watched the changes that occurred within.

Unfortunately, it seemed that his comprehension was not enough, and the word “chaos” ultimately failed to take shape.

After persisting for a moment, it dissipated without a trace.

“Chaos…”

He waved a Five Elements Annihilation Sword, wiping out the remaining breath, and Li Fan fell into contemplation.

This “chaos” character was exactly the same as the one on the “chaos” character stone in the Maze of Chaos Stone domain where Li Fan had been trapped before.

Relying on copying the word “chaos,” Li Fan was able to open the passage of the mystery domain and escape.

However, afterwards, Li Fan always felt that this “chaos” character was by no means simply a switch for the passage.

The eerie scene at the center of the mystery domain seemed to be closely related to it.

“If I could comprehend it, no…”

“I’m afraid that as long as I can reproduce this ‘chaos’ character, it would be a supernatural power no less inferior to my Great Five Elements Annihilation Sword.”

Aside from the chaos character.

There are also scenes of the Five Elements returning to one that Li Fan observed not long ago, the great explosion destroying everything, and the scene of the Tianxuan Soul Locking Formation’s ‘Reversal of the Five Elements Returning to One’.

“Currently, my Great Five Elements Annihilation Sword simply uses the generation of the Five Elements as its power.”

“But in reality, the circulation of the Five Elements can produce immense destructive power.”

“Perhaps I can combine this power of destruction to improve a new version of the Great Five Elements Annihilation Sword.”

Li Fan pondered the power of the Five Elements in his dantian.

…

In the mysterious world of Xuanhuang, where different cultivation methods couldn’t be practiced together, without the presence of good teachers and friends.

All cultivation knowledge was a priceless treasure, and to obtain it, one had to pay a corresponding price.

And those true secrets that were not passed down were even more deeply hidden in high towers, beyond reach.

In such a cultivation world, Li Fan wanted to obtain power far beyond others, he had to rely on his own exploration.

Unfortunately, before worldly matters could come to an end, just two days later, Li Fan was awakened by a message.

It turned out to be a message sent by Qi Buyi.

First, he asked about his recovery, then let him go to the Thousand Star Monastery.

Li Fan did not interrupt the process of insight, he just separated a strand of consciousness to control his journey.

“Next, you don’t have to work so hard and personally participate in the construction of the array.”

“Just follow the responsible person for inspection.”

Qi Buyi smiled and said to Li Fan.

“The one you’ll be teaming up with is Huangfu Song. Since you’re acquainted, it’ll be convenient for you.”

“Your points won’t be much less than those who construct the array, and you can maintain your second position.”

“Normally, this position wouldn’t be assigned to competitive formation masters like you. But if it’s you, I believe others won’t say much.” She spoke and handed over another Records of Hundred Matters.

The previous Records of Hundred Matters and Escape Shuttle had been handed over when leaving the Five Elements Cave, but this time it was different.

There was no distribution information for various supplies, only a rough map of the states in the Xuanhuang Realm.

It was very similar to the glimpse seen in the space of long-distance transmission arrays.

“You can check the details of the work and your colleagues through the Records of Hundred Matters.”

Qi Buyi still diligently explained to Li Fan.

Most of Li Fan’s mind was focused on comprehending dao, so he seemed somewhat absent-minded as he nodded along.

Seeing this, Qi Buyi could only sigh inwardly: “He’s deteriorating more and more.”

“It seems like his downfall is not far off. I wonder when those longevity treasures will be sent over.”

After bidding farewell to Qi Buyi, Li Fan contacted Huangfu Song through the Records of Hundred Matters.

Fatty’s tone became even more polite.

After the two met at the Tianchen State’s Transmission Array Square, they used the transmission array to arrive at the nearly completed Soul Locking Array in Lanlin State.

This state was located in the extreme south of the Xuanhuang Realm and was relatively remote.

They encountered several barriers along the way before finally arriving.

Passing through countless white mist barriers made Li Fan, who was already aging, even more miserable.

His eyes looked dull and lifeless.

Although Li Fan was actually immersed in the comprehension of dao, it didn’t prevent others from misunderstanding him.

At least Huangfu Song was somewhat nervous, fearing that Li Fan might die right beside him.

“Hehe, you can rest as much as you want later, my friend.”

“Leave everything to me.”

Huangfu Song said so.

TL Note: Hey Guys, Google Adsense keeps rejecting this site again and again. If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 20 Advance Chapters are available for Patreons Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 395: Flames Rising from the Abyss


TL Note: Join Patreon to read 20 advance Chapters. Please go to Patreon

Although Lanlin Province was located in a remote area, its natural scenery was quite peculiar.

Towering stone pillar-like peaks hung in mid-air, resembling a forest of a thousand needles.

Beneath the floating mountains, the deep valley was a terrifying forbidden zone entirely composed of black ash. Even at this moment, flying thousands of feet above, Li Fan could still sense the unsettling aura emanating from below.

Huangfu Song stood on the Dust Crossing Boat, surveying the scenery below, his expression couldn’t help but change slightly: “Truly a desolate place.”

“Compared to this ghostly place, the Ten Thousand Miles of Burning Sands we saw earlier is nothing dangerous.”

Hearing this, Li Fan also looked towards the bottom of the deep valley.

In the ocean of black ash, one could still see faint dark flames that had not been extinguished.

From time to time, a gentle breeze would pick up a strand of black ash from the ocean, continuously fluttering and rising, crashing onto the Dust Crossing Boat where Li Fan was.

The seemingly weightless ash, upon colliding with the protective barrier of the Dust Crossing Boat, caused violent fluctuations.As if hit by a great impact, a small hole appeared on the crimson light barrier.

Then, wave after wave of ripples spread outwards.

Even though only a bit of his consciousness was controlling his body, Li Fan was still stunned by the scene before him.

He couldn’t help but ask, “What the hell is this black ash?!”

Huangfu Song first controlled the Dust Crossing Boat to fly upwards, avoiding the rising ash from the deep valley, then explained, “This is the residue left after the burning of the ‘Silent Extinction Flowing Fire.’ All traces of life have disappeared, leaving only the power of extinction lingering.”

“It’s quite sinister, it’s better to avoid it as much as possible.”

Before he could finish his words, the Dust Crossing Boat accelerated, rushing towards the central area of Lanlin Province.

Looking at the seemingly endless, pitch-black, and desolate world below, Huangfu Song couldn’t help but feel emotional, “Fortunately, we used tens of thousands of peaks as an array to control the ‘Silent Extinction Flowing Fire’ within Lanlin Province. Otherwise, the surrounding areas would have met the same fate.”

“Silent Extinction Flowing Fire?” The aura of the black ash permeating the air made Li Fan, who was already at his limit, feel even more uncomfortable. He furrowed his brows and thought to himself.

He seemed to have seen this name somewhere.

In his sea of consciousness, the fragments of memory flashed with Dao patterns, and after a moment, snippets of phrases he had read before suddenly surfaced.

“Cangwu Province, twenty-eight mountains and rivers.

One night, in a certain year and month, it disappeared overnight, leaving only a bottomless abyss.

The strange object of the earth, the Cangwu Mountain and River Map, originated from this.”

…

After the disappearance of the mountains and rivers in Cangwu Province for the ninth year, black water-like flames surged from the abyss.”

“The ferocious flames raged on, unable to be extinguished. People of that time called it the ‘Silent Extinction Flowing Fire.'”

Li Fan then asked, “Is it the black fire that emerged from the abyss in Cangwu?”

Huangfu Song was slightly startled, then squinted his eyes, as if recalling something.

After a long time, he nodded slightly, “Yes. After the appearance of the Silent Extinction Flowing Fire from the Cangwu Abyss, it spread towards the surrounding areas.”

“Several provinces in a row suffered. It wasn’t until near Lanlin Province that it was brought under control.”

Li Fan was suddenly taken aback.

Cangwu Province was in the southwest corner of the Xuanhuang Realm, while Lanlin Province was almost directly south.

The scope of the devastation caused by this Silent Extinction Flowing Fire seemed quite large.

“Young friend, don’t worry. Since that time, the Silent Extinction Flowing Fire has not appeared again.”

“The cause of this catastrophic disaster, which could be described as world-ending, is still a mystery.”

“At first, the alliance thought it was the Five Elders’ doing. However, after on-site investigations, it was denied.”

“That is the true might of heaven and earth, I’m afraid it’s beyond the reach of cultivators.”

Huangfu Song casually shared his insights with Li Fan.

Not long after, they reached their destination.

“Before inspecting the Soul-locking Array, let’s first visit the resident official of Lanlin Province.”

“This senior was originally from our Tianyu Province and has taken care of me a lot in the past. Now that we’re here, we shouldn’t neglect etiquette.”

Pointing to a sharp peak piercing through the clouds ahead, Huangfu Song said to Li Fan.

Li Fan’s thoughts turned, and he already guessed who the senior mentioned by Huangfu Song was.

“You mean, the former commander of the Tianyu Province Garrison, Senior Guan Xingxiu?”

Huangfu Song nodded with a smile, then put away the Dust Crossing Boat and led everyone to fly towards a small courtyard at the top of the mountain.

“Since we’re acquaintances, why be so formal? Come on in, I won’t personally greet you, kid!”

From afar, a voice reached everyone’s ears.

“In that case, thanks to Senior for your kindness!” Huangfu Song’s face lit up with a smile, responding repeatedly.

He gestured for the other cultivators to wait at the door, while he and Li Fan entered the courtyard.

The courtyard was quite simple, with only a single pine tree standing.

Beneath it, a middle-aged cultivator was leisurely lying on a long bench, gently swaying.

Holding a palm-leaf fan, he would occasionally fan it a few times.

“Long time no see, Senior, you’re as splendid as ever!” Huangfu Song bowed in respect.

Li Fan also followed suit and said, “Greetings, Senior Guan!”

“Your name is Li Fan, right? I’ve heard about you.” Guan Xingxiu glanced at Li Fan, a playful expression on his face. “Your perseverance is much stronger than mine.”

Li Fan’s heart skipped a beat, and he replied modestly, “Hehe, Senior is too kind.”

Huangfu Song chimed in at this point, “Although Li Fan is diligent, compared to Senior, he still falls short. Who in Tianyu Province doesn’t know…”

Before he could finish his sentence, Guan Xingxiu interrupted him.

“Kid, heroes don’t dwell on past glories. I’m now down and out like this, yet you’re here to boast about my past achievements. What’s your intention?” Guan Xingxiu’s gaze swept over Huangfu Song, his expression showing displeasure.

Huangfu Song didn’t expect his flattery to backfire, he awkwardly said, “Senior, you know me.”

“Even if you lend me your courage, I wouldn’t dare oppose you.”

Guan Xingxiu snorted coldly, but his expression returned to normal.

With a somewhat bored tone, he said, “You kid, you’re really boring.”

“Alright, I haven’t seen old friends in this place for a long time. It’s not bad that you came to visit.”

“I already understand what you mean, so go ahead boldly.”

“With me here, Lanlin Province’s small piece of land won’t be turned upside down.”

Finishing his words, Guan Xingxiu lightly waved the palm-leaf fan in his hand. Suddenly, a small golden sword appeared and flew into Huangfu Song’s hand.

“It’s been a long time since I’ve shown myself to everyone. I want to see if there’s really someone who wants to test whether my sword is sharp.” Guan Xingxiu said with great joy.

Huangfu Song was overjoyed and quickly said, “Thank you, Senior!”

“By the way…” As he put away the golden flying sword, Huangfu Song wanted to say something else.

But he was stopped by Guan Xingxiu.

“I’ve seriously considered Senior Ji’s opinion. But now I’m just a Nascent Soul cultivator, and I won’t be of much help even if I go. Besides, the former leader has passed away, and the position of commander has been settled.”

“I have no intention of competing for anything anymore.”

“You can go now!”

With that, Guan Xingxiu waved his palm-leaf fan.

After a gust of wind, Li Fan and Huangfu Song found themselves outside the courtyard.

TL Note: Hey Guys, Google Adsense keeps rejecting this site again and again. If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 20 Advance Chapters are available for Patreons Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 396: Reunion After Ten Years


TL Note: Please Disable AdBlocker. If you don't want ads, Join Patreon to read 20 advance Chapters. Please go to Patreon

Join Discord

Although there was some regret on Huangfu Song’s face, it was apparent that the purpose of this trip had been achieved.

“Let’s go, with the Guan Xingxiu’s Falling Star Divine Sword protecting us, we’ll definitely be safe on this journey,” he said.

He summoned the Dust Crossing Boat again, unable to contain his joy.

Recalling the conversation between the two in the courtyard just now, Li Fan pondered, “Has the resistance movement in the area become so serious?”

“Do we really need to seek protection?”

Huangfu Song said, “Better safe than sorry. Anything can happen in this remote place.”

“If things go awry and we’re both implicated, we can just throw everything into the abyss and claim it was an accident.”

“What else can we do?”“With Guan Xingxiu protecting us, it’s different.”

Huangfu Song looked pleased, “Although he only has the cultivation of Soul Transformation now, falling from the Dao Integration realm to the Soul Transformation realm makes him much more powerful than ordinary Soul Transformation cultivators.”

“At least, in Lanlin Province where there’s no Dao Ancestor sitting in power. With the Falling Star Divine Sword, Guan Xingxiu can suppress everything.”

The chubby man took out the golden sword again, fondling it lovingly.

Li Fan stared at the Falling Star Divine Sword, faintly feeling a soaring momentum from it.

Recalling the lazy appearance he had just seen, he couldn’t help but feel emotional.

“A generation of Dao Integration experts, yet he ended up in such a state just because he failed to see the situation clearly.”

Then he remembered Guan Xingxiu’s words and couldn’t help asking, “Earlier, Senior Guan said that the old leader had passed away. Does that mean Immortal Sage Jicheng has fallen?”

“Yes, not long ago.”

“He eventually died quietly in his own Heavenly Extreme Courtyard, along with that willow tree.”

The aged face of Immortal Sage Jicheng appeared in Li Fan’s mind.

“If it weren’t for Truth, I’m afraid I would be waiting for death in fear, just like him, before long.”

“What does it matter if one reaches the level of Dao Integration? Without achieving longevity, it’s all futile.”

As if the emotions brought by the fall of the old Dao Integration expert had opened the floodgates, Huangfu Song put away the Falling Star Divine Sword and sighed, “Perhaps Guan Xingxiu’s despair is also related to this matter.”

“Despite controlling the foundation of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s garrison for five hundred years, Immortal Sage Jicheng still had no hope of longevity. It shows how difficult it is to defy the laws of heaven and earth.”

“For Guan Xingxiu, who has been stripped of his cultivation and wants to start again from the Soul Transformation realm, it’s even more difficult.”

“You know, to achieve Dao Integration again, one must rely on a similar heavenly and earthly essence as before.”

“Such essence is rare, and if there are specific requirements for its nature, it becomes almost impossible.”

…

In the chat with Huangfu Song, the Dust Crossing Boat reached the central core area of the Locking Spirit Array, where the designated position for the Tianxuan Array Hub was to be placed.

The formation was not yet fully constructed and would require some time to complete.

Except for the formation masters from the Universal Branch Academy, the other cultivators were not very friendly towards Huangfu Song and Li Fan upon their arrival.

At least it seemed so.

However, after Huangfu Song released the Falling Star Divine Sword, these cultivators had to restrain themselves.

At the same time, in Shilin Province, near the former Cong Yun Sea, now the Cong Yun Abyss.

Zhang Haobo looked at the endless void not far away, his face filled with sorrow.

Although he had seen this scene more than once, he still found it hard to accept.

His hometown, the ocean that was once azure and full of life.

Seeing it again, it had turned into this.

“Haobo, my condolences,” Xiao Heng came over, patting his shoulder and consoling him.

“What happened back then? How could the vast Cong Yun Sea suddenly become like this?” Zhang Haobo couldn’t help asking again.

Xiao Heng shook his head, “I don’t know either. When Senior Skull suddenly warned that the Cong Yun Sea might face a catastrophe, shortly after you left for Jiushan Province, I also left the Cong Yun Sea.”

“But Ye Feipeng seemed to know something and insisted on not leaving with me.”

“I originally thought he was hiding something from me, but since then, he has never appeared again.”

“I think he should have long passed away by now.”

“If I had known, I should have advised him back then.” Xiao Heng’s eyes showed a trace of sadness.

After a long silence, he continued.

“In recent years, I have tried to inquire about the changes in the Congyun Sea. But what surprised me is that, in less than a year, most cultivators have almost no impression of the Congyun Sea.”

“It’s as if this area has never existed.”

“Even now, I only remember the existence of the Congyun Sea when I look at the abyss in front of me.”

Zhang Haobo said, “I feel the same. In Jiushan Prefecture for nearly ten years, I haven’t had a single memory of the Congyun Sea.”

“It was only after coming back to find you that, seeing the Congyun Abyss, memories of the past surged like a tide.”

He paused and whispered, “This should be the influence of the Lord of Eternal Life.”

Xiao Heng also nodded slightly, “Perhaps not long from now, the memories in our minds will completely disappear, just like the former Congyun Sea, gone forever.”

The two looked at each other in silence.

By the edge of the abyss, there was silence.

Not long after, the silence was interrupted by a distant rumbling.

They turned around and found that Su Xiaomei and Su Changyu were sparring again.

“Brother, be careful!”

Su Xiaomei showed a sinister smile towards Su Changyu.

In an instant, dozens of figures with different costumes appeared, surrounding Su Changyu.

These figures held different weapons but had no faces.

Each blank face had various blood-red symbols circulating.

“Watch this move; can you block it!”

These faceless figures with blood-red symbols on their faces laughed in unison with strange and eerie tones.

The weapons in their hands emitted faint blood-colored light.

Countless blood-red attacks, accompanied by their laughter, were about to bombard Su Changyu.

Instead of panicking, Su Changyu closed his eyes.

As the blood-colored light approached him, he extended his right hand, radiating a bright white light.

Moving at an extremely high speed, in an instant, a scene of a thousand hands appearing simultaneously emerged.

Each illusion hand grasped the incoming blood-colored light.

Then simultaneously exerted force.

In an instant, the blood-colored brilliance reversed its direction.

It attacked the dozens of faceless figures instead.

“Boom!”

The situation reversed in an instant.

Caught off guard, those figures were hit by their own attacks.

Many figures disappeared.

However, one of them, after being hit by a blood-colored attack, remained unharmed.

Taking advantage of the explosion’s glare, it quietly approached Su Changyu.

Its form exploded.

A flaming giant net was about to envelop Su Changyu.

Su Changyu’s expression remained unchanged, but he suddenly opened his eyes.

Each eyeball had two pupils.

The four black holes had shrunk to the size of a needlepoint.

The flames burning in front of him were instantly halted.

Su Changyu then slapped his hand.

However, his target was not the flames before him.

It was Su Xiaomei, who was secretly hidden.

“Bang, bang, bang!”

Illusory palm shadows appeared one after another, and explosions sounded all around.

“You can’t hit me!”

Su Xiaomei’s voice came from all directions, unpredictable like a ghost.

“Oh?”

“Oh?”

A smile appeared at the corner of Su Changyu’s mouth.

A transparent giant palm had formed high in the sky at some point.

It completely enveloped the battlefield where the two were.

Then it pressed down.

“Boom!”

The earth sank, raising dust.

A huge handprint landed on the ground.

And Su Xiaomei, hiding within it, could no longer hide.

She was grabbed out by the illusory fingers and suspended in mid-air.

“Let go of me!” Su Xiaomei roared.

Her eyes turned crimson, and the fingers she clenched slightly loosened, showing signs of breaking free.

Su Changyu stretched out his right hand and squeezed it from a distance.

Another illusory giant palm appeared.

It overlapped with the previous transparent palm.

As a result, Su Xiaomei was once again suppressed.

“Ah! So annoying!”

Su Xiaomei’s innate divine power continued to surge.

Her hair gradually turned reddish, and the surrounding air twisted due to the heat.

But no matter how she struggled, she couldn’t break free from the suppression of the giant palm.

“I surrender!”

With Su Xiaomei’s roar, an inexplicable red sun appeared in the sky.

The illusion of the giant palm dissipated under the burning of the red sun.

Although Su Xiaomei regained her freedom, there was no joy on her face. She retracted her own [Red Sun Cave] domain.

Scratching her head, she flew to Su Changyu’s side.

“Brother, how did you become so powerful?”

She asked curiously.

“I suppressed my cultivation to the Golden Core realm. Now, you’re no match for me,” he replied.

She asked with some curiosity.

“When we left the Cong Yun Sea, the Yin Yueting sisters discovered remnants of ancient Dao runes.”

“After these years of recovery, I have been able to experience a complete strand of Dao runes. Just now, this move, [Suppression Palm], was what I comprehended from the Dao runes. Little sister, your comprehension far exceeds mine. I believe you can comprehend even stronger divine abilities from it.”

…

“When we left the Cong Yun Sea, the Yin Yueting sisters discovered remnants of ancient Dao runes…”

As Su Changyu spoke, an identical voice echoed simultaneously.

Creating a strange echo.

But as he slowly closed his eyes, the other echo grew weaker and weaker.

Until it was barely audible.

Su Changyu explained that this was due to his special cultivation technique, which Su Xiaomei and the others had gradually become accustomed to.

“Great! I want to comprehend this divine ability too!” She heard Su Changyu’s words and clapped her hands happily.

Even without opening his eyes, Su Changyu could clearly see the appearance of his long-lost sister in front of him.

Although she had reached the Nascent Soul realm, she still seemed like a child who hadn’t grown up.

Thinking of this, Su Changyu affectionately rubbed Su Xiaomei’s head.

“After more than a decade apart, everyone is finally reunited.”

Xiao Heng, who was watching the scene, couldn’t help but feel relieved.

Suddenly, he sensed a slight fluctuation from the bone ring that hadn’t been used for a long time, and his face lit up with joy.

Ever since the warning from the skull senior, which saved everyone’s lives, it had fallen into a deep sleep again.

Could it be that it was finally waking up now?

Without delay, Xiao Heng eagerly entered the realm of White Bone Pioneer.

If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 20 Advance Chapters are available for Patreons Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 397: The Inheritance of Returning to Immortality


TL Note: Please Disable AdBlocker. If you don't want ads, Join Patreon to read 20 advance Chapters. Please go to Patreon

Join Discord

“Huh?!”

After a bout of dizziness, Xiao Heng, who finally saw the surrounding scenery clearly, was greatly shocked.

The surroundings of the Bone Pioneer Realm were in a mess, with traces of battles everywhere.

The once magnificent scenery now appeared somewhat ruined.

“Senior Skull…”

Xiao Heng’s heart tightened, hastily rushing towards the resting place of the Senior Skull.

However, the closer he got, the more prominent the traces of battle became.

The smooth white bones were now pockmarked all over.An ominous premonition grew stronger, and when Xiao Heng arrived, he couldn’t help but freeze completely.

As if a violent explosion had occurred, there was no trace of the Senior Skull.

Only a pitch-black deep pit remained, telling of the recent fierce battle that seemed to have taken place here.

“What on earth happened?”

Xiao Heng’s expression became somewhat unsightly.

“Could it be that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has caught up?”

Recalling the instructions from the Senior Skull before his slumber, Xiao Heng subconsciously thought.

Xiao Heng, who had been wandering in Shilin Province for more than a decade, was no longer the ignorant youth he once was in the cultivation world.

It was precisely because of this that his heart grew even colder.

When he was at the Qi Condensation stage, he dared to utter the heroic words of “overthrowing the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and reviving the glory of Reclaiming Eternity, which is our unshirkable duty.”

But now, as a Golden Core stage cultivator, he dared not boast so recklessly anymore.

“The senior’s instructions were, if he couldn’t be contacted, it meant this place had been exposed. For safety’s sake, destroy the Hand Bone as soon as possible and cut off all connections with this place.”

Although he felt somewhat reluctant, Xiao Heng was not a vacillating person.

Before leaving, he thoroughly searched the Bone Pioneer Realm one last time.

To Xiao Heng’s surprise, the bone altar in the secret realm seemed to have not been completely destroyed.

There were still faintly familiar fluctuations emanating from it.

Xiao Heng’s heart stirred, calling out according to the method he had prayed before.

“Senior Skull!”

After a moment, the figure of the Senior Skull did appear above the ruins of the altar.

Xiao Heng was extremely excited, but in an instant, he calmed down.

Because what stood before him was just an illusion.

“Xiao lad, I didn’t have time to bid you farewell.”

“I didn’t expect that, hiding here for so long, they still wouldn’t give up on their plans against me.”

“If you can see this image, it means I have met an unfortunate end.”

Even though he was mentally prepared, hearing the Senior Skull speak these words personally, Xiao Heng’s eyes still reddened involuntarily.

“…Although I led them away before I fell into slumber, avoiding your exposure.”

“But it’s not safe here anymore.”

“After you go back, cut off the connection with this place and never come back.”

…

“I left four little Medicine King Cauldrons for you in the altar.”

“They are keys to entering the true Medicine King Cauldron.”

“Thousands of years ago, the Lord of the Medicine King Sect, Liu Ruchen, led all the members of the Medicine King Sect to break through the boundaries. But more than ten years ago, I sensed that they had returned to the Xuanhuang Realm. It was that fiery meteor that ultimately fell into the Abyss of the Cangwu.”

“If everything goes as expected, something must have happened to the Medicine King Sect. However, I sensed a great opportunity within the Medicine King Cauldron.”

“If you have the chance, you can explore it.”

“Remember, there should be other little Medicine King Cauldrons scattered outside. Perhaps others can use secret methods to sense their locations through these little Medicine King Cauldrons.”

“Be extremely careful of your own safety. If it’s impossible, selling the little Medicine King Cauldrons for a good price is also a good way out.”

“Oh, there are some materials I scavenged back then stored in the little Medicine King Cauldrons. Remember to retrieve them.”

“Consider it my final gift to you.”

“Remember, endure, lie low…”

“Inheritance!”

After the Senior Skull’s earnest words, the image disappeared completely.

And four ancient small cauldrons appeared in front of Xiao Heng.

Xiao Heng suppressed the sorrow in his heart and put away the small Medicine King Cauldrons.

Then, showing determination on his face, he left the Bone Pioneer Realm.

“Xiao Heng, what’s wrong?” Su Xiaomei and the others, seeing Xiao Heng’s red eyes, couldn’t help but change their expressions.

In front of everyone, the small hand bone, which served as the token for entry, was destroyed.

Then Xiao Heng brought the members of “Reclaiming Eternity” to the secret room of the stronghold and requested that they do the same.

Only after the connection with the Bone Pioneer Realm was completely severed did Xiao Heng explain everything.

“The Senior Skull fell?!”

Although the others were somewhat surprised, they weren’t as sorrowful as Xiao Heng.

After all, only Xiao Heng had contact with the Senior Skull.

However, they couldn’t separate the fact that they could embark on the path of cultivation smoothly from the care of the Senior Skull.

The people of “Reclaiming Eternity” were not ungrateful.

So at this moment, they all felt a bit sad.

But that was it.

“What should we do next?”

After a moment of silence, a question was posed to everyone.

Should they continue to maintain their identity as members of Reclaiming Eternity and resist the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?

Or…

After all, they couldn’t twist the arm of a strongman.

With their cultivation at the peak Nascent Soul stage, trying to overthrow the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, which had existed for thousands of years under the dominion of the Immortal Sage, was indeed somewhat ridiculous.

“The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance isn’t a good thing,” Su Xiaomei expressed her opinion first.

“Once you join the Immortal Alliance, you’re a cow or a horse for life. We can’t join that Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance,” Zhang Haobo echoed.

Su Changyu, with his eyes closed, said calmly, “I support Xiaomei.”

Xiao Heng looked at the decisions his companions made and couldn’t help but feel moved.

He deeply understood the vast disparity in power between Reclaiming Eternity and the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Originally, he had only planned to shoulder the mission of Truth alone.

But fortunately, the others didn’t disappoint him.

Just as he was about to speak, he heard a timid voice saying, “The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance isn’t a good thing!”

Xiao Heng was taken aback.

Looking in the direction of the voice, he saw a young, green-faced boy scratching the back of his head, his face flushed.

Xiao Heng smiled and praised, “Wuyou, you’re brave!”

The boy’s face grew even hotter.

This boy was none other than Han Wuyou, the descendant of the two mortals who had fled from the Cong Yun Sea with Xiao Heng in the past.

His parents had passed away due to illness some years ago, and he himself was raised by Xiao Heng, Su Changyu, and others.

Han Wuyou had a decent aptitude for cultivation and embarked on the path of cultivation under Xiao Heng’s guidance.

At the age of fourteen, he was already at the Late Qi Condensation stage.

After praising Han Wuyou, Xiao Heng turned his head.

“I understand everyone’s intentions. But we cannot deny one thing: the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is indeed too powerful. With our current strength, trying to confront it head-on is tantamount to hitting a rock with an egg.”

“What the Senior said before his fall was right. Our main task is to endure and inherit.”

Xiao Heng’s expression was resolute, his eyes firm.

“What is divided will eventually come together, and what is together will eventually fall apart. This is the great trend of heaven and earth.”

“Mortal dynasties often have a limit of five hundred years.”

“Although the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is powerful, it has also inherited for thousands of years.”

“As long as we pass down the ideals of “Reclaiming Eternity” from generation to generation and wait quietly for the opportune moment.”

“There will eventually come a time when the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance encounters a major change and falls apart.”

“That time will be our chance.”

Xiao Heng said slowly.

Su Xiaomei chuckled, unconcerned.

The others just nodded symbolically.

Only Han Wuyou, with his eyes wide open, was full of hopeful light.

“Xiao Heng, didn’t you say that the Senior Skull left you four small cauldrons?”

“Hurry up and show them to me, let’s see what treasures they are.”

Amidst the awkward silence, it was still Su Xiaomei who came to the rescue.

Upon hearing this, Xiao Heng took a deep breath and took out the four small Medicine King Cauldrons, placing them in front of everyone.

Su Xiaomei picked up one and examined it carefully.

“Is this it? It’s shabby and doesn’t look like anything good.”

“Huh, there seems to be something hidden inside.”

After a moment, Su Xiaomei exclaimed.

“Wow! So many spirit stones! We’re rich!”

“And there are so many herbs!”

“Haha, this is good stuff!”

Su Xiaomei tossed the small Medicine King Cauldron aside and happily put on a silver necklace.

Then she showed several identical ones to everyone.

“Come on, everyone gets a share.”

Seeing this, Zhang Haobo’s eyes lit up.

“Is this a necklace inscribed with an instant teleportation array?”

Su Xiaomei nodded repeatedly, “That’s it. During our time in the Chaoyuan Sect, we escaped death several times because of it.”

As Su Xiaomei and the others put on the silver necklaces…

Far away in Lanlin Province, Li Fan’s eyes flashed with a light that others would hardly notice.

“With the help of the updated array, I can finally sense them again.”

He thought to himself.

Under the surveillance of the Formless Killing Intent, the scene of the gathering and discussion of the people in the other realm suddenly appeared in Li Fan’s mind.

“Xiao Heng, what do you think of the opportunity that the Senior Skull mentioned about the Medicine King True Cauldron?”

Su Changyu took back the small cauldron that Su Xiaomei had thrown to the ground, rearranged it neatly, and asked in a deep voice.

Xiao Heng hesitated for a moment upon hearing this.

But Su Xiaomei, always one to enjoy the excitement, didn’t think it was a big deal.

“Why even think about it? How can you give up when the opportunity is right in front of you?”

“If it weren’t for the adventures in the Chaoyuan Sect, Hao Bo and I would still be in the Golden Core Realm!”

Zhang Haobo squinted, nodding in agreement.

After pondering for a moment, Xiao Heng said slowly, “The Senior Skull accurately predicted the drastic changes in the Cong Yun Sea before his death.”

“I believe the opportunity of the Cangwu Abyss Medicine King Cauldron must be genuine.”

“But…”

For some reason, Xiao Heng became somewhat hesitant.

Seeing this, Su Xiaomei immediately became exasperated, “Xiao Heng, you’re not going to back out again, are you?”

“Last time, when Hao Bo and I wanted to go to the Chaoyuan Sect, you didn’t agree.”

“If you do this again, I’ll be really angry!”

“Xiao Heng, I…” Xiao Heng smiled bitterly, about to explain.

But Su Changyu calmly interjected, “If what the Senior said is correct, then this small Medicine King Cauldron is the key to entering the Medicine King True Cauldron.”

“It would be best for all four of us to go together.”

Su Xiaomei nodded repeatedly.

But Su Changyu’s tone changed, “However… we cannot all go.”

“Wuyou is still young and needs someone to take care of him.”

“Zhao Erbao and the Yin sisters are out searching for treasures, and useful things come back from time to time.”

“These things need someone to take care of them.”

TL Note: Reclaiming Eternity will be changed to Rebirth Immortal

If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 20 Advance Chapters are available for Patreons Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 398: Depths of 300,000 Feet


TL Note: Please Disable AdBlocker. If you don't want ads, Join Patreon to read 20 advance Chapters. Please go to Patreon

Su Changyu still had something he hadn’t said.

Exploring opportunities wasn’t without risks.

If they all went together, and ultimately ended up wiped out.

Wouldn’t the legacy of the [Rebirth Immortal] be cut off forever?

This was the point that weighed most heavily on Xiao Heng’s mind.

But Su Changyu could see that, at this moment, everyone present besides Xiao Heng didn’t place much importance on the [Rebirth Immortal].

At least, compared to their own cultivation, the so-called [Rebirth Immortal] legacy was simply not worth mentioning.

Xiao Heng might not be unaware of this point in his heart.

However, he had his own principles and did not force others.So it was not easy for him to say it directly.

Although Su Changyu’s eyes had remained closed, he was aware of the thoughts of everyone in the field.

So he took the initiative to break the ice, “How about this, Xiao Heng, Little Sister, and Zhang Haobo, you three go together to the Cangwu Abyss.”

“As for me, I’ll stay here.”

Before Su Xiaomei could object, he continued to explain, “The cultivation method I practice is special. The so-called opportunities are actually of little use to me.”

“So you don’t have to worry about it.”

Upon hearing this, Xiao Heng gave Su Changyu a grateful look.

Su Xiaomei, however, turned her head away in a fit of pique, refusing to look at Su Changyu.

However, Little Sister still trusted Su Changyu’s words.

Now that he had made the decision, the matter was practically settled.

“Then there’s just one more Little Medicine King Cauldron. Could it be that, as the senior said, we should sell it?” Zhang Haobo asked, frowning.

“No,” Su Changyu shook his head in denial.

“Carrying the Little Medicine King Cauldron is already a crime. If we expose our knowledge of this true Medicine King Cauldron for the sake of a little profit, it would be unwise.”

“It’s better to keep it, and when the time is right, throw it out as bait to distract the enemy.”

Xiao Heng also agreed with Su Changyu’s words.

“Although it’s a bit of a pity, this is also the most stable approach.”

“Whatever! You guys decide anyway!” Su Xiaomei snorted, no longer objecting.

She grabbed Han Wuyou and went outside to play.

“The journey to the Cangwu Abyss is long. We are not Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators, so we cannot use the teleportation array.”

“If we fly with our physical bodies, it would take too long, and we might have unforeseen accidents along the way.”

“We need to come up with a good plan…”

Xiao Heng stroked his chin, frowning as he spoke.

“That…” Zhang Haobo hesitated.

“What?” Xiao Heng looked at Zhang Haobo with some surprise.

“The teleportation array, maybe we can use it too.” Zhang Haobo explained.

“You know, during our exploration in Jiushan Province, we met Senior Shuofeng.”

“On our trip to Chaoyuan Sect, we even fought our way out of a mountain of corpses and blood together.”

“We can be considered close friends.”

“When we parted ways, Senior Shuofeng invited us to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, although we declined.”

“But he still expressed understanding and left a jade token for Little Sister.”

“With that jade token, we should have no problem using the teleportation array.”

Xiao Heng nodded upon hearing this, “That would be best.”

He thought that Zhang Haobo’s previous hesitation was because Shuofeng was a Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivator.

Xiao Heng said solemnly, “I am not someone who is inflexible. Our enemy is the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, not every individual within the alliance.”

“If we can befriend Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators and undermine them from within, it would be a win-win situation.”

“Why would I object?”

“I’ll go find Little Sister and talk to her about this.”

With that, Xiao Heng left to find Su Xiaomei.

Zhang Haobo watched Xiao Heng’s back and shook his head helplessly.

“What, is there something going on between Little Sister and that Shuofeng?” It was Su Changyu who noticed Zhang Haobo’s meaning and asked with interest.

“Who knows, anyway, I see them getting along like a house on fire. That Shuofeng, although he has now returned to Nascent Soul cultivation, doesn’t mind Little Sister’s cultivation.”

“Sigh, this kid Xiao Heng, he has no sense of crisis at all.”

Su Changyu chuckled, “You worry too much. In my opinion, Little Sister’s heart may not be on matters of love.”

Zhang Haobo was also speechless, shaking his head.

…

Years had passed, and the little kids from back then seemed to have all grown up.

Yet, there were still some things that remained unchanged.

Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a sense of nostalgia, and he suddenly thought of his children from his previous lives.

“I’m getting old,” he murmured to himself.

Then, quickly, Li Fan suppressed this emotion.

…

As for Xiao Heng, it took a lot of effort to coax Su Xiaomei into a cheerful mood and agree to hand over Shuofeng’s jade token.

After a few days of preparation, Xiao Heng, Su Xiaomei, and Zhang Haobo set off on their journey to the Cangwu Province.

Han Wuyou’s big eyes were filled with envy.

He waved goodbye to them.

Su Changyu’s eyelids twitched violently, as if he wanted to open his eyes.

But his expression remained calm and serene.

Until the very end, he did not open his heavy eyes.

Shuofeng’s jade token really worked.

Even though they were not Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators, Xiao Heng and the others were able to enter the Shilin Immortal City without any obstacles.

Xiao Heng tightly held back Su Xiaomei, who was very curious and wanted to go sightseeing.

With some trepidation in his heart, he activated the teleportation array.

They teleported to the border of Shilin Province, crossed the white mist barrier, and arrived in Yuandao Province.

Then, they continuously used the teleportation array to head towards the Cangwu Abyss, in the southwestern corner of the Xuanhuang World.

Thus, after more than half a month.

When Li Fan began to inspect the Tianxuan Soul Locking Formation in Lanlin Province, Xiao Heng and his group finally reached their destination.

“It seems that Lanlin Province is indeed not far from the Cangwu Abyss. Even without using the sensing formation, my Formless Killing Intent can sense the scene.”

With the help of their eyes, Li Fan was finally able to see the Cangwu Abyss, which had been famous for so long, with his own eyes.

Unlike the Congyun Abyss, which had completely turned into nothingness.

This Cangwu Abyss was more like a wasteland of the Great Xuan.

Below towering cliffs was an endless valley.

Above the valley, crimson clouds swirled, their ends nowhere to be seen.

Many birds and beasts soared through the clouds.

And on the cliff walls, at intervals downward, there were many buildings built against the mountain, extending deep into the mountain.

“The Cangwu Abyss was formed many years ago when the mountains and rivers of the Cangwu Province all disappeared, creating this unique landform.”

“Therefore, the abyss has its own boundary, shaped like a footprint.”

“It has been explored down to about 300,000 feet, but the bottom is still far from sight.”

“The Cangwu Abyss is not empty, but has its own appearance.”

“The first layer, from the ground to 30,000 feet underground. Many strange beasts inhabit the Cangwu clouds and the cliffs of the abyss.”

“These beasts can swallow gold and spit lightning, and they are very powerful. They are fearless of death and travel in packs. You must be careful to avoid them.”

“The second layer, from 30,000 feet to 80,000 feet underground.”

…

Su Xiaomei read aloud from the jade slip that was given for free outside the Cangwu Abyss, her eyes wide with wonder.

“So big, so deep.”

“Then even if the Medicine King Cauldron is really in this Cangwu Abyss, we won’t be able to find it, right?”

She sent a voice transmission.

But Xiao Heng’s heart stirred.

He used the Little Medicine King Cauldron in his storage ring to sense.

Sure enough, in a certain location at the very bottom of the abyss, something was echoing with the Little Medicine King Cauldron.

Next Chapter

If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 20 Advance Chapters are available for Patreons

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 399


TL Note: Please Disable AdBlocker. If you don't want ads, Join Patreon to read 20 advance Chapters. Please go to Patreon

Join Discord

“Senior Skull’s words were indeed true. These broken cauldrons are indeed the keys to entering the Medicine King True Cauldron!”

When Xiao Heng informed Su Xiaomei of this discovery, she couldn’t help but smile with joy.

“Now, this is good. As long as we follow the guidance, we should be able to find it soon.”

The three exchanged glances and then, sticking close to the edge of the abyss cliff, discreetly flew towards the depths below Cangwu Abyss.

Once they descended to about two hundred zhang above the ground, the scenery inside the abyss began to change drastically from the surface.

Due to the perennial presence of clouds and mist above, the further down they went, the darker the surroundings became.

The cliff walls were no longer bare rocks but were rooted with many strange plants.

There were luminous fine willows, predatory pines disguised as rocks,and even lurking like giant pythons, waiting to attack when prey approached, were the withered black tall trees.

Accompanying these plants was the previously mentioned exotic beasts that needed to be guarded against.

Most of these exotic beasts were pitch black, making them difficult to discern in the dim abyss.

Their appearances were extremely bizarre, completely different from surface creatures.

They didn’t seem naturally evolved but rather forcibly pieced together from fragments of various creatures.

Long worms that split in the middle and preyed with open mouths,

strange apes with heads retracted into their stomachs,

and bizarre birds with countless wriggling worms as wings.

…

All sorts of grotesque forms chilled the observer.

Moreover, within this abyss, there seemed to be some mysterious force.

It suppressed the sensing range of cultivators’ divine consciousness.

This force became more prominent as they descended deeper.

During the cultivators’ descent, these strange creatures would suddenly emerge either from the abyss cliff walls or from the void in the center of the abyss.

They would launch attacks in groups at the cultivators as if they harbored deep enmity towards outsiders.

These attacks from the anomalies would only cease upon their complete death.

Fortunately, although there were numerous beings below the abyss, their strength was equivalent to the late Foundation Establishment stage at most.

For Su Xiaomei’s group, whose lowest strength was at the Golden Core stage, they posed no real threat.

With no major obstacles along the way, after nearly half a day, they finally approached a huge boundary monument embedded in the cliff wall.

Written on it in strikingly glowing red characters were the words “Thirty Thousand,” visible from afar.

And on this boundary monument, the continuous cliff wall was almost hollowed out inward.

Constructing a splendid city suspended above the abyss.

“This is the first resting point for exploring Cangwu Abyss.”

“Lincang City.”

“Going further down, the abyss becomes increasingly dangerous. So, providing a place for rest and replenishment here is very necessary.”

Xiao Heng looked at the endless stream of cultivators passing by, silently raising his vigilance.

Most of the cultivators who came to explore Cangwu Abyss were not easy opponents.

Their purpose in coming here, besides collecting the valuable specialties of Cangwu Abyss, was mostly to seek the fire meteor that fell from the sky that year.

In recent years, there have been various speculations about the true identity of the fire meteor.

It being the Medicine King True Cauldron that broke through ancient boundaries during the ancient era is just one of the widely circulated guesses.

Regardless, it made all the cultivators who witnessed it feel a sense of awe.

This fire meteor must be extraordinary.

As the saying goes, where there’s wealth, there’s death.

So it’s not hard to understand why there are always outside cultivators tirelessly searching for it.

“Let’s go.” Xiao Heng and the others did not enter Lincang City.

Straightforwardly flying past the boundary monument, they arrived at the second level, thirty thousand zhang below the surface.

The moment they passed the boundary monument, it felt like passing through an invisible barrier.

An unusual feeling surged in Xiao Heng’s heart.

“My strength has indeed weakened a bit, just as rumored.”

Feeling somewhat heavy-hearted, Xiao Heng inquired of Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo.

“Have you noticed the existence of the Immortal Suppression Force?”

“Yes, indeed, there’s a hint of it. But for now, the impact isn’t too significant.”

After a moment, both Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo responded this way.

“It seems that my strength has indeed weakened.” Seeing this, Xiao Heng felt somewhat helpless.

He could only hope that the location of the Medicine King True Cauldron would be within the range he could dive to.

The Immortal Suppression Force is the term used by cultivators to collectively refer to the mysterious force enveloping the Cangwu Abyss.

Specifically, as one delves deeper into the Cangwu Abyss, the strength of cultivators will also be correspondingly reduced.

Within the first level of thirty thousand zhang, it’s still not very apparent.

It only interferes with the coverage range of divine consciousness.

But upon entering the second level, the effect becomes immediately apparent.

Mid Foundation Establishment and below, once they enter, they will become no different from mortals.

Their spiritual power cannot be mobilized, and they lose the ability to fly.

There’s only one outcome: falling to the bottomless abyss without resistance, becoming food for the strange creatures along the way.

This means that at least cultivators at the late Foundation Establishment stage can survive on the second level of Cangwu Abyss.

However, in reality, as the depth increases, the creatures in the abyss are becoming stronger.

While cultivators’ strength continues to be suppressed.

This also leads to the exploration becoming increasingly difficult as they descend.

Xiao Heng and his group proceeded with even more caution into the second level, the Spirit Language Forest.

The trees deeply rooted in the abyss cliff walls extended their branches toward the void of Cangwu Abyss in an unreasonable manner.

Forming a primitive forest that stretches endlessly, occupying a space of fifty thousand zhang vertically.

In addition to the increasingly diverse and powerful dangerous creatures,

the murmurs emanating from the forest from time to time were even more lethal.

These sounds would induce various illusions in cultivators, causing them to lose their minds.

Those with weak wills would fly towards the center of the Spirit Language Forest as if they had lost their souls,

ultimately unable to return.

Xiao Heng and his group were all outstanding individuals with equally strong wills.

Moreover, their strengths were indeed formidable, so it took them almost a day to successfully traverse the second level.

They descended to a depth of eighty thousand zhang.

Here, the dense forest suddenly became sparse.

There seemed to be another source of light below, and the visibility suddenly became clear.

Instead of standing stone monuments like before, the boundary marker was now a giant eyeball growing on the cliff wall.

The pupil in the center of the eyeball was replaced by the two blood-red characters “Eighty Thousand.”

This eyeball seemed to be alive, constantly rotating and peering.

At this moment, sensing someone’s arrival from above, it instantly focused its gaze on Xiao Heng and his group.

A tremendous pressure came, causing Xiao Heng’s body to tense up in an instant.

Fortunately, the giant eye only glanced at them briefly before shifting its gaze away, no longer paying them much attention.

“Phew…”

Xiao Heng let out a sigh of relief.

“The second resting point of Cangwu Abyss, the Giant Eye City.”

If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 20 Advance Chapters are available for Patreons Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 400


TL Note: Please Disable AdBlocker. If you don't want ads, Join Patreon to read 20 advance Chapters. Please go to Patreon

Join Discord

“It is said that this Giant Eye City was built by a senior who explored the Abyss. He killed a monster that emerged from the bottom of the Abyss, took its eyeball, embedded it in the cliff, and hollowed it out to build the city.”

“The giant eye can see into the extreme depths below, effectively monitoring the Abyss of Cangwu for any disturbances.”

The three slowly descended from the side of the Giant Eye City, their hearts filled with unspeakable shock.

“Just an eyeball, and it’s this big.”

“It’s unimaginable how big the monster that emerged from the depths of the Abyss of Cangwu was.”

The moment their bodies crossed the 80,000-zhang boundary, Xiao Heng felt his strength diminish by a few points.

“Even at the late stage of Qi Refinement, one cannot stand here.”

“Only with Foundation Establishment cultivation can one barely continue descending.”The pressure from the Abyss was beginning to show.

“The third layer is not as vast as the Forest of Spirit Language, it’s just between 80,000-zhang deep to 100,000-zhang deep.”

“But the danger level is several times higher.”

As they continued to descend, from afar, Xiao Heng and the others heard rumbling sounds faintly coming from below.

Xiao Heng looked into the distance, in the vast white mist, there seemed to be two huge figures standing in mid-air, wielding sharp blades, battling each other.

“The third layer, the Puppet Gorge.”

“There are two giant stone puppets from ancient times fighting in this area.”

“The two puppets are in a strange state between reality and illusion. If you fly close to check them out, they appear like illusory figures, untouchable.”

“But their influence on the surrounding area is real.”

“The puppets are nearly 20,000 zhang tall, and their strength is said to be close to Dao Integration.”

“Even from a distance, you could be injured by the aftermath of their battle.”

Boom! Boom!

In the hazy white mist, the two stone puppet figures appeared and disappeared.

The three were stunned by this fantastic sight.

After a long time, Xiao Heng spoke, “Alright, let’s continue down.”

“It’s best to be cautious.”

During the descent, they had to constantly pay attention to the movements of the two giant stone puppets, avoiding possible energy impacts.

The strength of the strange creatures appearing in the thick fog was also becoming increasingly formidable.

Therefore, their progress was even slower.

It took them two whole days to reach the lower boundary of the Puppet Gorge.

“Ahead is the fourth layer.”

“The good news is, the Medicine King True Cauldron seems to be not far below.”

Xiao Heng once again manipulated the Small Medicine King Cauldron, sensing for a moment, then let out a sigh of relief.

“That being said, we can’t let our guard down.”

Zhang Haobo frowned slightly and transmitted his voice, “Alright, hurry up. I’m getting impatient to see that treasure.”

Su Xiaomei pursed her lips and entered the fourth layer first.

There was no foothold provided for cultivators between the third and fourth layers.

Only a bright red line carved into the cliff wall marked the boundary.

“The fourth layer, the Lost City.”

“Between 100,000-zhang to 130,000-zhang underground.”

After sensing his own condition, Xiao Heng frowned slightly.

Losing the equivalent of a Foundation Establishment early stage cultivator’s cultivation out of thin air was already having a noticeable impact on him.

He changed his flight direction, no longer going straight down.

Instead, he flew diagonally towards the center of the Lost City.

Countless building ruins floated in the air, scattered and dilapidated.

It was as if a cataclysmic disaster had struck, leaving behind fragments of ruined relics everywhere.

No remains, no leftover items.

Only the corpses of buildings lay quietly in this space, telling tales of their past encounters.

The surrounding area was eerily quiet.

The repetitive sight of ruins brought a sense of oppression.

Xiao Heng and the others had to cheer themselves up.

Because in the Lost City, not only were there unknown creatures made entirely of stone that could jump out and attack at any time, but there were also cultivators with ulterior motives hidden in the shadows, waiting to ambush them.

The existence of the Town-Immortality Force, along with the chaotic ruins, created the perfect hiding places for them.

If they endured until the stone beasts attacked and both sides were injured, then launched their own attack, their chances of success would increase significantly.

And below the Abyss, the phenomenon of a cultivator’s demise was difficult to manifest.

After achieving their goal, they could flee and disappear without a trace.

The number of cultivators who mysteriously disappeared in this Lost City was not small.

As Xiao Heng and the others delved deeper into the ruins, heading towards the location of the Medicine King True Cauldron, they encountered two waves of cultivator attacks, as expected.

But they were just petty thieves.

Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo had faced the siege of thousands of faceless blood-faced cultivators in the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect, and they had managed to escape unscathed.

How could they possibly take these people seriously?

They easily killed these people without much effort.

After eliminating two groups and showcasing their strength, things finally calmed down.

“There seems to be a tail following us.” Zhang Haobo reminded them.

“I’ll go slaughter them.” Su Xiaomei’s eyebrows rose, a red light flashed in her eyes, and she was about to turn around and attack.

“Don’t! We’re here to find the Medicine King True Cauldron, not to kill people.” Xiao Heng quickly stopped her.

“Drawing attention is not good.”

“Just shake them off.”

With that, the three suddenly increased their speed.

They weaved left and right through the ruins.

It took them half a day to finally shake off all the pursuers.

“Go!”

Zhang Haobo pinched a hand seal, masking their auras.

Then, they headed straight for the Medicine King True Cauldron.

After flying for another half a day, they finally reached the sensed location.

“Huh?!”

Xiao Heng looked around in confusion, unable to see any sign of the Medicine King True Cauldron.

“This should be the right place.”

“Let’s split up and search.”

Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo nodded, then dispersed.

Not long after.

“Nothing?”

Xiao Heng furrowed his brows deeply.

“It shouldn’t be.”

Xiao Heng searched again, still to no avail.

Su Xiaomei took the Small Medicine King Cauldron out of her storage ring, held it in her hand, and sensed again.

But there was no change.

“What do we do?”

After several attempts without success, the three gathered back together to discuss.

“Something’s strange.”

“I feel like the Medicine King True Cauldron is here, but it’s nowhere to be seen.”

Xiao Heng looked around, his face full of confusion.

“Maybe it’s hidden.”

Zhang Haobo narrowed his eyes and said suddenly.

With that, he activated his spiritual energy and sent a spiritual blade towards the location where he sensed the Medicine King True Cauldron.

As if hitting something, the air distorted for a moment.

The spiritual blade disappeared without a sound.

Then, the fluctuating scene returned to normal.

“Wow! That’s really the case!”

Su Xiaomei clapped her hands excitedly.

She flew towards that abnormal point.

However, it was as if it was an illusion. She passed through it unimpeded.

Not believing it, Su Xiaomei tried several times, but the result was the same.

“It’s infuriating! What’s going on?!”

Xiao Heng was calmer, carefully touching the nonexistent barrier with his hand.

“The Small Medicine King Cauldron is the key to entering the Medicine King True Cauldron.”

Xiao Heng thought thoughtfully.

“This Small Medicine King Cauldron, it can hold people, right?”

He suddenly asked.

If you want to support, please consider joining Patreon. Go to /fantasystories797 20 Advance Chapters are available for Patreons Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 401


“These few small Medicine King Cauldrons have their own space inside, with abundant spiritual energy.”

“If they can be used for growing spiritual plants, it should be safe for people to stay inside for a while.”

Zhang Haobo immediately understood.

“You mean we might be able to use the cauldrons to break through this invisible barrier?”

Xiao Heng nodded.

“Then let’s try it quickly!”

As soon as Su Xiaomei finished speaking, she took out a small Medicine King Cauldron from her storage ring.

“Be careful!” Xiao Heng hadn’t finished speaking when he saw Su Xiaomei transform into a streak of light and enter the small cauldron.

“Come on in, everyone!” Su Xiaomei’s voice came from inside the cauldron.

Seeing this, Zhang Haobo and Xiao Heng also entered the cauldron.

The ancient-looking Medicine King Cauldron spun in the air for a moment before hurtling forward.

The moment it hit the transparent barrier, a layer of green light appeared.

The small cauldron seemed about to penetrate the barrier successfully.

Suddenly, there was a change.

The light wall disappeared abruptly, and the small Medicine King Cauldron missed its target.

Failing to enter the real Medicine King Cauldron, Xiao Heng and the others had to fly out of the small cauldron again.

“Strange, why didn’t it work?” Su Xiaomei was a bit frustrated.

“Maybe it’s because there are too many of us?” Xiao Heng speculated.

“The senior prepared four cauldrons for us, so it seems we can’t take any shortcuts,” Zhang Haobo agreed.

“Let’s try again!” Su Xiaomei decisively entered the small cauldron again and directed it towards the barrier.

Xiao Heng and Zhang Haobo stayed outside, watching the transparent barrier closely.

As expected, when the small Medicine King Cauldron touched the barrier, it neither passed through directly nor was it blocked.

Instead, it rippled and disappeared into the barrier as if it melted into water.

“It works!”

Xiao Heng and Zhang Haobo exchanged excited glances.

“Let’s go!”

Not wasting any time, the two of them each took a small cauldron and charged towards the barrier.

Meanwhile.

In Lanlin Prefecture, Li Fan and Huangfu Song had just completed the inspection of the Tianxuan Soul Locking Array.

After bidding farewell to Guan Xingxiu, they were heading west to Qinghuang Prefecture.

It must be said that the remote areas in the south were all struggling similarly.

Most of them were at the bottom of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s rankings.

But completing these inspections together saved Li Fan and his team from running around too much.

They only needed to go through them one by one.

When Xiao Heng and the others entered the real Medicine King Cauldron.

The images in Formless’s killing intent suddenly disappeared.

Even though Xiao Heng and the others had carried enhancement arrays with them, no images could be transmitted to him.

But Li Fan remained calm.

“Fortunately, I have another plan.”

To avoid losing contact immediately like when entering Chaoyuan Sect, leaving him clueless about their situation.

Li Fan had carved a hidden recording array in addition to the sensing array on the necklace.

It would record the surroundings faithfully.

When they reconnected, the images could be transmitted to Li Fan through the sensing array.

“Now, we just need to wait patiently.”

Li Fan closed his eyes slightly, immersing himself in his divine powers again.

…

In Cangwu Abyss.

The real Medicine King.

The surroundings changed dramatically.

After a moment, a force suddenly expelled Xiao Heng from the small Medicine King Cauldron.

Caught off guard, Xiao Heng was a bit disheveled.

Steadying himself, he saw that Zhang Haobo was in the same state.

They were in a completely empty enclosed area.

The ceiling and the boundaries of the area were all metal walls glowing faintly with green light.

The small Medicine King Cauldron that brought them there had disappeared.

“Xiao Heng, come here!”

Su Xiaomei’s voice came from a short distance ahead, and Xiao Heng and Zhang Haobo hurried to catch up.

A huge bronze door stood before them.

On the door was an engraving of a round cauldron with three legs and two ears.

It looked exactly like the small cauldrons they had.

“This should be the legendary real Medicine King Cauldron,” Xiao Heng thought.

“I just checked around. Besides this bronze door, there’s no other exit,” Su Xiaomei said.

“But this door won’t open.”

Zhang Haobo tried to push the bronze door with all his strength.

The door didn’t budge.

“Should we try attacking it?” Xiao Heng suggested.

Zhang Haobo pondered for a moment and nodded slowly.

He stepped back a bit, and a vision of a blood-red sea appeared above him.

“Blood Sea Cave Heaven, who would’ve thought someone as good-natured as Zhang Haobo would have such a terrifying Nascent Soul Cave Heaven,” Xiao Heng took a deep breath.

Even though it wasn’t the first time he saw this scene, the sight of the boundless blood sea filled with murderous intent still made Xiao Heng’s heart race.

Blood waves surged, and countless blood-colored swords flew out from the sea.

Zhang Haobo pointed, and the swords howled towards the bronze door.

“Boom!”

“Boom!”

Explosions echoed continuously, and the bronze door and the entire space seemed to tremble.

After a while.

Zhang Haobo retracted his Blood Sea Cave Heaven.

Seeing the unchanged bronze door, he frowned and said, “It’s useless. The protection here isn’t something a Nascent Soul cultivator can break through.”

Even the usually hot-tempered Su Xiaomei didn’t argue.

She stood there, lost in thought.

Xiao Heng was also pondering solutions.

For a moment, an eerie silence enveloped the surroundings.

“I know!”

Suddenly, Su Xiaomei exclaimed.

“What do you know?” Xiao Heng looked at her curiously.

“The cauldron, the cauldron,” Su Xiaomei urged Xiao Heng.

“You still have a small cauldron left. Look at this door; it must be a mechanism like the barrier outside, recognizing allies and enemies.”

“Back then, disciples of the Medicine King Sect could enter by using their sect’s cultivation method.”

“We can’t do that. But we can trick it with the small Medicine King Cauldron like we did outside.”

Su Xiaomei said seriously.

Xiao Heng nodded at first.

Then his expression changed dramatically. He quickly backed away, face darkening, and shouted, “You’re not Su Xiaomei! Who are you?”

Su Xiaomei was stunned.

Then her face turned bright red.

“Xiao Heng! You’re courting death!”

A blazing sun appeared above her head.

Moments later.

Xiao Heng, bruised and swollen, solemnly apologized to Su Xiaomei.

“Xiaomei, I’m sorry.”

“Sorry for what? Do you think I’m that dumb?” Su Xiaomei snorted and turned away from him.

“Uh…” Knowing he was at fault, Xiao Heng felt awkward and didn’t know what to say.

TOC

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 402


Xiao Heng scratched his head helplessly and looked to Zhang Haobo for help.

Zhang Haobo smiled, “Little Sister isn’t foolish at all. In fact, back when Senior Shuo…”

He paused and corrected himself, “Actually, she’s very smart. Sometimes she may seem impulsive, but she has already weighed the pros and cons in her mind.”

“Even you were fooled by her. Doesn’t that prove how capable Little Sister is?”

Su Xiaomei snorted, raising her head high.

“So it seems our Little Sister is actually smarter than me!” Xiao Heng quickly agreed.

After some more sweet-talking, they finally earned Su Xiaomei’s forgiveness.

“Alright, I forgive you!”

“Now quickly take out the little cauldron and try it out!”

Xiao Heng sighed in relief and took out the last remaining Medicinal King Cauldron. After some thought, he infused it with spiritual power. The small cauldron was activated, emitting a faint azure glow.

Xiao Heng brought the small cauldron close to the bronze door. Bathed in its glow, the previously impenetrable door seemed to melt, forming an entrance.

“See, I was right!” Su Xiaomei said proudly before slipping inside first.

Zhang Haobo followed closely behind, and Xiao Heng entered last, making sure to put away the small cauldron. Without the azure glow, the entrance disappeared, and the bronze door returned to normal.

Although Su Xiaomei entered first, she did not act rashly. Once the three were together again, they began observing the space behind the door. The narrow, dim passageway extended far beyond what they could see, their spiritual senses also suppressed and unable to probe further.

“Could there be danger?” Xiao Heng asked.

“Traps, mechanisms, or prohibitions are all possible,” Zhang Haobo replied solemnly. “We must be cautious.”

After exchanging glances, they had Su Xiaomei lead, Zhang Haobo guarding the rear, with Xiao Heng in the middle as they cautiously advanced through the passage.

They stayed vigilant, not daring to let their guard down. To their surprise, the narrow passage was uneventful, allowing them to pass without any trouble.

“It doesn’t feel right that it was this easy,” Su Xiaomei muttered, glancing around as they continued.

At the end of the passage, the space opened up into a bright, spacious hall divided into three levels. The central area was empty, with many rooms surrounding the three levels and corridors leading further in.

“It seems to be some kind of gathering place, but something must have happened,” Xiao Heng observed. “The furniture is scattered haphazardly, and plants and decorations are strewn about.”

“This true Medicinal King Cauldron is amazing. Despite all this time, everything inside remains well-preserved,” Su Xiaomei remarked, picking up a fallen potted plant in amazement. “Look at this flower—it doesn’t look thousands of years old at all.”

Xiao Heng and Zhang Haobo’s faces changed slightly at her words.

“It’s strange,” Xiao Heng said. “If ordinary spiritual plants can stay so well-preserved, what about the cultivators inside this cauldron?”

Su Xiaomei answered, “It’s been over twenty years since the cauldron returned. If any cultivators of the Medicinal King Sect were still active, they would have already reclaimed the cauldron instead of leaving it here for us to find.”

Zhang Haobo nodded, “Either they’re all dead, or they’ve disappeared.”

Xiao Heng added, “Let’s just hope there aren’t any eerie half-dead entities around.”

The hall contained nothing of value, and all the doors to the rooms on the three levels were sealed tight. Left with no other option, they continued to explore deeper. Despite their unease, the true Medicinal King Cauldron was surprisingly devoid of traps or prohibitions, unlike other ancient sect ruins.

As they moved forward, a gray-white stone door blocked their path. This time, the small Medicinal King Cauldron trick did not work, and the stone door proved even sturdier than the bronze one. Combined attacks from Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo didn’t even make it tremble.

Frustrated, Su Xiaomei said, “Are we really going to leave empty-handed after coming this far?”

The thought crossed all their minds. Xiao Heng, unwilling to give up, said, “Let’s keep looking.”

Determined, they conducted a thorough search and were fortunate enough to make a discovery.

“Look! This door doesn’t seem to be sealed,” Su Xiaomei called out.

Xiao Heng and Zhang Haobo hurried over. Zhang Haobo nodded, feeling the slight gap in the door, “Indeed, it’s different from the others.”

With hope rekindled, Xiao Heng grew excited, “Does that mean we can open it?”

“Let’s give it a try,” Zhang Haobo and Su Xiaomei combined their efforts again. Under the illumination of their powers, the bronze door groaned as it gradually opened.

After a moment, they managed to create a gap big enough to squeeze through.

“Be careful,” they cautioned each other as they entered.

Contrary to their expectations, no danger awaited them. Instead, the room’s scene left them surprised. It was a single-person dwelling, fully equipped with a bed, table, chairs, and a cabinet. On the floor lay a cultivator, facing the door, seemingly in the act of trying to close it.

To their shock, the person was still alive, breathing steadily as if only asleep.

“What do we do? Should we engage?” they communicated through their spiritual senses.

While they debated, the cultivator stirred, groaning and slowly waking up. The three retreated together, wary of the unknown.

The Medicinal King Sect cultivator, upon waking, looked around in confusion before seemingly recalling something, his eyes regaining focus. He calculated with his fingers and exclaimed, “Twenty-four years have passed?”

Noticing Xiao Heng and the others, he showed a brief surprise before regaining his composure.

“Greetings, Senior!” Xiao Heng and his companions said in unison.

“Was it you who woke me?” he asked.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 403


The Medicine King Sect cultivator was astonished to see Xiao Heng and the others address him respectfully as “senior”.

He waved his hands repeatedly, saying, “Fellow Daoists, why are you saying such things? Are you trying to make fun of me?”

“We are all Nascent Soul cultivators, we can address each other as equals,”

He said to Zhang Haobo and Su Xiaomei.

“Nascent Soul cultivators?”

Upon closer inspection, Xiao Heng and the others realized that the cultivator who had been asleep for thousands of years was indeed only at the Nascent Soul stage.

However, the feeling he gave off was vastly different from present-day Nascent Soul cultivators.

This was why they hadn’t been able to discern it initially.

Regardless, an ancient Nascent Soul cultivator surviving until now was no ordinary being.

Xiao Heng and the others didn’t let down their guard, pondering how to continue the conversation and extract some information.

They heard the other party, like a chatterbox, blurt out a lot of words in one go.

“My name is Linghu Chang, an inner disciple of the Medicine King Sect.”

“When I fell into the Xuanhuang Realm, I remember the Sect Master sealed the entire Medicine King Cauldron and sent out a distress signal to the outside world.”

“Fellow Daoists, you are able to enter the Medicine King Cauldron, so the rescue from the Ten Immortal Sects has arrived?”

“How are the other fellow disciples doing? Has the Sect Master awakened?”

Linghu Chang spoke, excitedly wanting to walk towards the open door.

But when he noticed the strange expressions on Xiao Heng and the others, he was startled.

“Could something have happened?”

After saying that, he rushed out of the room.

Seeing this, Xiao Heng and the others quickly followed.

“Hmm? What’s going on? Why is the ‘Great Dream Spring and Autumn’ Formation still running?”

“It’s just me who has awakened prematurely?”

“Where are the rescue cultivators from the Ten Immortal Sects?”

…

Linghu Chang’s voice, filled with doubt and confusion, echoed through the empty Medicine King Cauldron.

“The Gate of Life and Death has fallen? What happened to the Sect Master?”

“What on earth is going on?”

His voice was tinged with suppressed panic. After scanning the surroundings, he flew back to Xiao Heng and the others.

He stared at them and asked, “Who are you three, and how did you get into my sect’s Medicine King Cauldron?”

Xiao Heng pondered for a moment before saying slowly, “This matter is a bit complicated. Fellow Daoist, you might need to prepare yourself mentally.”

Linghu Chang narrowed his eyes and listened intently.

“Actually, Fellow Daoist, you have been asleep for thousands of years. The Medicine King Cauldron broke through and left this realm, that was an event from the ancient times…”

Before Xiao Heng could finish, Linghu Chang waved his hand to interrupt him.

He burst into laughter, “Nonsense! Do you think my Medicine King Sect’s ‘Great Dream Spring and Autumn Formation’ is just for show? You can’t even tell how long someone has been sleeping?”

“You’re turning twenty-four years into thousands of years, if you want to deceive someone, at least make it sound plausible!”

Linghu Chang’s expression turned unpleasant. With a light clap, a gourd appeared in his hand.

“No wonder I felt something strange about you from the first moment I saw you. You are demonic cultivators, trying to deceive me.”

“Die!”

With Linghu Chang’s words, dozens of green rays instantly shot out from the gourd.

Sharp as blades, swift as lightning.

In an instant, they reached Xiao Heng and the others.

“Xiao Heng, be careful!” Zhang Haobo’s face turned pale, realizing that Linghu Chang was going to kill them without hesitation.

His Blood Sea Cave Heaven suddenly appeared above his head, blood waves rolled, and blood-colored light shot out, colliding head-on with the green rays.

“Boom, boom!”

Amidst the violent explosions, Linghu Chang glanced up at the endless Blood Sea above, a hint of surprise flashing in his eyes.

However, he became even more convinced of his judgment.

He stood tall and righteous, roaring, “You are indeed demonic cultivators, surrender…”

Before he could finish, several voices, speaking in unison, came from all directions.

“You’re really annoying. Since just now, you’ve been saying all sorts of nonsensical things that nobody understands.”

“Are you still not awake from your long sleep?”

Linghu Chang looked up and saw that, unknowingly, many faceless blood figures had already surrounded him.

“It’s okay, we’ll help you wake up.”

The faceless blood figures tilted their heads, emitting strange laughter.

Then they vanished from their positions, simultaneously rushing towards Linghu Chang.

Linghu Chang’s heart tightened, but he didn’t panic.

He spat out a small Medicine King Cauldron, which hovered above his head.

Then, light poured down like a waterfall, forming a protective shield.

At the same time, he patted the gourd.

The green gourd revolved rapidly in the air, and willow leaf-like rays, sharp as knives, instantly poured out like a torrential rain.

They attacked Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo.

Xiao Heng knew that with his current strength, he couldn’t interfere in a battle between Nascent Soul cultivators.

If he forced himself into the fight, he would only be a burden.

So, he quietly retreated, wanting to stay away from the battlefield.

At that moment, he suddenly smelled an unusual fragrance.

Thinking of the other party’s title as a disciple of the Medicine King Sect, he couldn’t help but be startled.

“Be careful, this fragrance seems strange.”

He hurriedly sent a voice transmission to warn them, and at the same time, held his breath to resist the fragrance.

But this fragrance worked through some unknown means, and Xiao Heng couldn’t resist it at all.

The fragrance grew stronger and stronger, and Xiao Heng felt a wave of dizziness, even his body became weak.

In contrast, Zhang Haobo and Su Xiaomei only paused for a moment before returning to normal.

The willow leaf-like green rays from the gourd seemed endless, and the small Medicine King Cauldron’s protection was impenetrable.

Zhang and Su’s attacks only caused the cauldron to shake slightly, and they couldn’t break through its defense for the time being.

“Haobo, don’t hold back!” Su Xiaomei seemed to be enraged.

A blazing sun rose, leaping above the Blood Sea.

Countless blood faces, torn to shreds by the green rays from the gourd, instantly recombined into an angry face.

The grotesque giant face, illuminated by the blazing sun, suddenly ignited.

Emitting strange laughter, it crashed towards Linghu Chang, protected by the small Medicine King Cauldron.

And the boundless Blood Sea slowly parted from the center.

A rotten giant hand extended from the depths of the sea.

It grabbed towards Linghu Chang.

Faced with the two-pronged attack, the Medicine King Sect disciple’s expression turned serious, but he didn’t panic.

He waved his right hand, and twenty-four golden needles unfolded one after another.

He muttered words under his breath, and the golden needles instantly turned into swords, drawing shining, intersecting lines in the air.

Dodging the burning blood face and the rotten giant hand, they headed straight for Zhang Haobo and Su Xiaomei’s main bodies.

The speed of these golden needles was extremely fast.

In the blink of an eye, before the two could react, they were pierced through and through.

Their bodies were riddled with holes.

Strangely, they didn’t bleed profusely.

Even their attacks didn’t seem to be affected.

“Boom!”

The small Medicine King Cauldron shook violently, and Linghu Chang spat out a mouthful of blood.

His face turned pale, but he immediately took out a pill and swallowed it in front of everyone.

After a while, Linghu Chang’s complexion became rosy again.

“What kind of evil sorcery…”

He looked at the two, who could still continuously recover even though their bodies were pierced by the ‘Revolving Golden Needles’, and couldn’t help but feel a little fear.

After hesitating for a moment, a glimmer of pain flashed in his eyes.

Linghu Chang took out another round mirror.

Holding the mirror in his hand, he shot out a white light, illuminating Su Xiaomei.

The round mirror slowly turned into dust, and behind Su Xiaomei, a faint figure slowly emerged.

It looked eight points similar to Su Xiaomei.

The illusion let out an angry roar, its hair turning crimson in an instant.

Then, it split into several faceless blood figures and attacked Su Xiaomei.

It seemed to be able to replicate even Su Xiaomei’s innate abilities and cultivation techniques.

On Zhang Haobo’s side, another rotten hand extended from the Blood Sea.

And from the depths of the sea, a gaze seemed to be peering out at the world.

Seeing this, Linghu Chang thought for a moment.

He took out a wooden talisman sword to deal with it.

The wooden sword flew above the Blood Sea, summoning a blue thunderbolt from the sky, striking down.

The two rotten giant hands blocked it, crackling under the thunder.

On the wooden talisman sword, streaks of lightning wrapped around it.

The blue lightning was relentless.

While the rotten giant hands seemed extremely miserable and defenseless.

No matter how badly they were injured, they would quickly recover.

The battle reached a stalemate.

Linghu Chang, relying on his numerous magical treasures and seemingly endless supply of pills, remained undefeated.

Su Xiaomei and Zhang Haobo, relying on the characteristics of their new technique, ‘Cave Heaven Indestructible, Cultivator Immortal’, were somewhat flustered.

But they weren’t in any real danger.

For a time, neither side could do anything to the other.

Both sides were filled with a sense of awe.

“What kind of background do these people have, their cultivation techniques are so bizarre. Although I have a lot of supplies, I can only hold on for ten days or half a month. If I can’t defeat them by then, I’ll have to escape to the outside world and ask for reinforcements,” Linghu Chang thought to himself.

“It’s so infuriating, they’re like Shuofeng, relying on their good treasures to bully others. When his treasures are exhausted, I’m going to give him a good beating,” Su Xiaomei was furious, her attacks continued, but she couldn’t break through the endless barrage of treasures.

“This Linghu Chang is only an inner disciple. I heard that in ancient sects, above that, there are True Disciples and Dao Heirs. It’s unimaginable how strong they would be,” Zhang Haobo thought to himself.

While the three were fighting, Xiao Heng, who had been affected by the intoxicating fragrance, gradually recovered.

“Stop fighting!”

“Linghu Daoist, it’s all a misunderstanding!”

“I can swear to heaven, not a single word is false!”

“It has indeed been thousands of years since your time. The world has changed greatly, even the so-called Ten Immortal Sects you mentioned have long since disappeared into the dust of history!”

“Think about it, if we really wanted to deceive you, why would we choose such a seemingly absurd excuse?”

…

Xiao Heng shouted, one sentence after another.

Upon hearing that the world had changed greatly and the Ten Immortal Sects had vanished into nothingness, Linghu Chang’s body trembled slightly.

“Linghu Daoist, Liu Sect Master’s premonition was right! He saved your entire sect!”

Hearing this, Linghu Chang’s offensive finally slowed down.

“Xiaomei, Haobo, stop as well!” Xiao Heng quickly called out.

Although she was extremely unhappy, Su Xiaomei still stopped her attack.

However, Su and Zhang’s Cave Heaven realms were still not retracted, they remained vigilant, staring at Linghu Chang.

“Linghu Daoist, what I said is true.” Xiao Heng said sincerely.

“Could it be that the ‘Great Dream Spring and Autumn’ Formation in your sect has malfunctioned due to the passage of time?” He asked tentatively.

As he spoke, he took out a small Medicine King Cauldron from his storage ring.

“This small cauldron was dug up from your sect’s former ruins.”

“It’s with this that we were able to enter here.”

“With your discerning eye, you should be able to tell the truth from falsehood.”

Xiao Heng spoke frankly.

When Linghu Chang saw the small cauldron in Xiao Heng’s hand, which exuded an ancient aura, his pupils constricted.

He was almost stunned.

He could naturally discern that the Medicine King Cauldron, with its slight imperfections, was a defective product that they hadn’t had time to deal with during the migration.

But the traces of time on it were undeniable.

So, what was going on?

Could it be that the formation’s record of time was wrong?

Linghu Chang didn’t answer, he hurriedly returned to his room.

He checked again carefully.

There was absolutely no mistake.

Since the ‘Great Dream Spring and Autumn’ Formation was activated and the entire sect fell into slumber.

It had indeed only been twenty-four years.

“Then, are those demonic cultivators outside lying?”

Linghu Chang’s killing intent gradually rose again.

At that moment, he suddenly heard the other party say, “Oh, there’s a very simple way to verify it.”

“After the Great Tribulation of Heaven and Earth, Immortal Arts cannot be cultivated together.”

“If Fellow Daoist doesn’t believe me, you can try to cultivate your own techniques.”

“The result will be obvious.”

Linghu Chang felt absurd when he heard this.

It wasn’t like the legendary Longevity Fruit, where there was no reason why techniques couldn’t be cultivated together.

But hearing Xiao Heng’s sincerity, Linghu Chang, with a try-it-and-see attitude, started to circulate the Medicine King Sect’s true inheritance, the ‘Saving the World and Achieving Longevity Sutra’.

The next moment, he was completely dumbfounded.

After circulating the spiritual energy for several cycles, it was like doing useless work.

Not only was there no increase in cultivation, but a voice sounded in his mind.

“Saving the World and Achieving Longevity Sutra: Dao Integration Technique.”

“Current number of cultivators: 462.”

“What is this?”

His face turned pale, and beads of sweat began to drip from Linghu Chang’s forehead.

“No, no. I must be under some kind of illusion.”

He couldn’t believe it at all.

Taking several pills, Linghu Chang swallowed them whole.

Like he was possessed, he once again began to circulate his techniques.

Over and over again, after a hundred cycles.

Not only did his cultivation not change, but he felt a bit more uneasy in his heart.

He even had a strange sensation in his mind.

He could clearly sense the locations of the other 461 fellow disciples who were also cultivating the ‘Saving the World and Achieving Longevity Sutra’.

“Kill them! Kill them all!”

A thought suddenly arose in his mind.

But he immediately reacted and shivered.

“How could this be, how could this be…”

His current experience was beyond his previous understanding.

Although he didn’t want to admit it, Linghu Chang knew in his heart.

What those three people outside said was very likely true.

They had merely slept for a while, not even as long as a retreat.

But thousands of years had passed in the Xuanhuang Realm.

“But…”

“How could this be?”

In his fear, Linghu Chang fell into endless confusion.

Hearing that there was no sound from the room, Xiao Heng and the others walked in.

“Fellow Daoist, what we said, is it not true?” Xiao Heng asked softly.

Linghu Chang didn’t respond.

“Actually, we are also very curious about what happened to the Medicine King Sect back then.”

“Why don’t you tell us in detail, what happened after Liu Sect Master used the cauldron as a vessel and broke through to the void?”

“Perhaps by pooling our knowledge, we can figure out the reason for all this.”

Xiao Heng continued to persuade.

After a long silence.

Linghu Chang said in a confused voice, “Actually, I’m not quite sure what happened either.”

“It’s like I had a dream.”

“At that time, Liu Sect Master, with his great divine powers, broke through the shackles of the Xuanhuang Realm, controlling the Medicine King Cauldron and sailing towards the depths of the void.”

“The original plan was to find the rumored other cultivation realms, but…”

Linghu Chang paused, as if recalling the scene from back then.

“Not long after, alarms sounded from various parts of the cauldron.”

“It said that we were being drawn by an unknown force, and the direction of travel was out of control.”

“We were told to return to our respective rooms, prepare to enter the ‘Great Dream Spring and Autumn’ Formation and fall asleep.”

“Later, the Medicine King Cauldron shook more and more violently. Even the activation of the ‘Great Dream Spring and Autumn’ Formation was affected and failed.”

“Then…”

Linghu Chang narrowed his eyes.

“The Sect Master sent a voice transmission, saying that the plan to break through the realm had failed and we had to return to the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“The Medicine King Cauldron was severely damaged and could no longer be controlled.”

“In order to preserve ourselves, we used all the remaining power to protect ourselves.”

“We let the Medicine King Cauldron fall freely back to the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“After that, the important functions of the cauldron were shut down one after another, and the fellow disciples were forced to fall into slumber.”

“I was in the alchemy room refining pills at the time. When I got back to my room, the door hadn’t been fully closed yet.”

“The Medicine King Cauldron was shaking even more violently.”

“Amidst the intense tremors, I lost consciousness.”

“When I woke up…”

“I saw you.”

Linghu Chang said slowly.

Xiao Heng and Zhang Haobo exchanged glances, bewildered by this strange situation.

Su Xiaomei, however, spoke up, “No, according to your story, you were just outside the Xuanhuang Realm for a short time and were forced to return?”

Linghu Chang nodded, “That’s right.”

“You entered slumber after you were about to fall back into the Xuanhuang Realm?”

Su Xiaomei asked again.

“Yes.” Linghu Chang confirmed.

“Yes, yes!” Su Xiaomei’s voice suddenly grew louder.

“In our view, the Medicine King Cauldron has been outside the Xuanhuang Realm for thousands of years. It only returned here recently.”

“At that time, all the cultivators in the world could see the Medicine King Cauldron falling from the sky as a fireball.”

“That should have been twenty-four years ago.”

Having said that, Su Xiaomei froze.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 404


Chapater 404

“So, counting from the moment you returned to the Xuanhuang Realm from your Medicine King Sect, the time is right. Twenty-four years.”

Xiao Heng immediately realized it.

“But Daoist Linghu clearly said that the Medicine King Cauldron only spent a short time outside the realm before returning. How could such a short time have passed thousands of years here?” Zhang Haobo frowned deeply.

“A thousand-fold difference in the flow of time? Is that really possible?”

No one present could answer this question, and they all fell silent.

“Perhaps there is a way to figure out what happened back then.” After a moment, Linghu Chang, as if remembering something, suddenly said.

“When it fell towards the Xuanhuang Realm, the Medicine King Cauldron exhausted all its energy and eventually fell into silence.”

“But you just said that you were able to enter here through the sensing of the little Medicine King Cauldron.”

He looked at Xiao Heng: “Normally, the connection between Medicine King Cauldrons is one-way. That is, only the holder of the True Medicine King Cauldron can sense the location of the other little Medicine King Cauldrons.”

“Holding the little Medicine King Cauldron, but being able to sense the location of the True Cauldron. This often only happens when the Sect Master summons nearby sect cultivators.”

“This means that either the Sect Master has also awakened. Or, after all these years, the Medicine King Cauldron has recovered its energy and started to execute its orders automatically, seeking help from the outside world.”

“In any case, we must go inside the 【Life and Death Gate】 to check on the Sect Master’s situation.”

Linghu Chang said in a deep voice.

“Life and Death Gate? Is it the gray stone gate at the end of the corridor? We tried, but we couldn’t open it.” Su Xiaomei replied.

“Of course. The Life and Death Gate falls, separating life and death. Even Dao Integration cultivators can’t shake it even a little. If you could destroy it, that would be a big problem.” Linghu Chang said nonchalantly.

“You have a way?” Su Xiaomei said, a little unconvinced.

“Hmph.” Linghu Chang snorted coldly without speaking.

He flew towards the depths of the passage.

Su Xiaomei, the three of them exchanged glances and followed closely behind.

Before long, they arrived in front of the gray stone gate.

They saw that Linghu Chang had already sat down cross-legged, with the little Medicine King Cauldron appearing above his head, releasing a protective light shield.

And the surrounding ground was also shimmering with golden light, with many symbols engraved on it.

He then took out a talisman and stuck it on his forehead.

Twenty-four golden needles circled around him.

Four jade plaques were placed in front and behind him.

After taking these defensive measures, Linghu Chang politely said to Xiao Heng and the others: “Please, Daoist friends, provide me with protection.”

“I don’t know what you are showing off for.” Su Xiaomei mumbled.

Linghu Chang didn’t care, his eyes closed.

Then, an infant image that looked eight points similar to Linghu Chang himself suddenly emerged from his body.

“Greetings to all Daoist friends!”

The infant politely bowed to Xiao Heng and the others, looking extremely cute.

“This is…”

“Nascent Soul?”

Xiao Heng and the others were shocked.

Today’s cultivators have long abandoned the practice of “breaking the pill to form a Nascent Soul.”

Instead, they directly plunder various Subworlds and form Dharma to replace the Nascent Soul.

Seeing this legendary existence at this time, they were surprised but also a little curious.

After Linghu Chang’s Nascent Soul emerged, he didn’t immediately fly out of the protective barrier he had set up.

Instead, he took out a set of small, green wood armor and put it on.

After swallowing several pills, he finally turned into a stream of light and flew towards the gray stone gate.

When he was about to collide with the Life and Death Gate, green light suddenly surged from his Nascent Soul.

The stone gate was illuminated by the light, as if it was also stained, becoming somewhat vibrant.

Linghu Chang seized the opportunity and plunged into the green area of the stone gate.

After he disappeared, the stone gate returned to normal.

“Nascent Soul emerging, it’s truly amazing.” Su Xiaomei patted the stone gate, making a thumping sound.

She was still unable to enter, and she was a little regretful.

She turned her head and looked at Linghu Chang’s physical body, which was protected by numerous treasures in the center.

Her eyes twirled: “This guy has so many treasures.”

“You said, he has so many treasures on him alone.”

“Inside this Medicine King Cauldron, there are so many sleeping cultivators. How much will their treasures be?”

“Not to mention the numerous secret treasures of the Medicine King Sect.”

Su Xiaomei transmitted her voice.

“Senior Skull was right, it’s truly a great opportunity.” Zhang Haobo agreed.

“It’s a pity that our strength is not enough, otherwise…”

Xiao Heng didn’t respond.

He stared at the gray Life and Death Gate, not knowing what he was thinking.

Time slowly passed in the waiting.

One day, two days…

Linghu Chang, who had entered the gate, seemed to have disappeared, completely out of contact.

“Could something have happened to him?”

Xiao Heng and the others couldn’t help but feel a little worried.

Until five days later, the Life and Death Gate suddenly opened.

The Nascent Soul returned.

After a moment, Linghu Chang’s body swayed slightly as he slowly stood up, his face filled with sadness.

“Daoist Linghu, what happened?” Zhang Haobo asked.

“Follow me.” Linghu Chang put away his protection and entered the stone gate.

The three of them thought for a moment, increased their vigilance, and followed in.

It was as if they had suddenly arrived in the endless void, with countless stars twinkling in the background in the distance.

“The Sect Master, a thousand years ago, in order to protect us, has already ascended.”

At this time, Linghu Chang’s voice came, filled with sorrow.

“This is the scene recorded by the Medicine King Cauldron back then.”

The scene around Xiao Heng and the others quickly moved from stillness.

Countless streams of light were stretched out, forming strange curves.

And below, a huge, hazy ball of light was moving away from them.

A sigh sounded.

“Xuanhuang Realm…”

Another old voice appeared: “Sect Master, you don’t need to feel guilty, a great calamity is about to come, we have no fault in escaping to seek a glimmer of hope.”

“Even so, the Xuanhuang Realm is after all our homeland…”

“The greater the ability, the greater the responsibility. Our Medicine King Sect is nothing more than a small sect, we can’t even take care of ourselves, how can we still care about others. Dealing with the calamity and saving the Xuanhuang Realm is still left to the Ten Immortal Sects.” The old voice clearly had dissatisfaction with the Ten Immortal Sects.

“Old Huang… forget it, let’s not talk about this.” Liu Ruchun paused, but then brought up another matter.

“Speaking of which, the Ten Immortal Sects’ attitude this time is really a little strange. According to their usual way of doing things, hearing that we are going to flee as a whole sect, they would definitely come out to reprimand us. But I don’t know why, this time they didn’t stop us at all.”

Old Huang said nonchalantly: “When disaster strikes, everyone flies for themselves. There are more than just our Medicine King Sect who are fleeing. Maybe there are too many, they can’t manage them all.”

Liu Ruchun remained silent.

After a moment, Old Huang said excitedly again: “But outsiders will never think that we, the Medicine King Sect, have a 【Dao Mark】 of another cultivation realm.”

“Relying on the Dao Mark’s guidance, we can cross the endless void and go to a new world.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 405


“Back then, our ancestor, with a selfless act, left behind a path for us…”

“Hmm?”

Liu Ruchun’s voice suddenly became filled with astonishment.

“What is it?” Huang Lao couldn’t help but ask.

“Strange, why has the trajectory of the Medicine King Cauldron deviated?” Liu Ruchun’s voice was filled with confusion. “Could it be that the Dao Marker’s sensing is malfunctioning?”

Moments later.

“The Medicine King Cauldron is functioning normally.”

“Then what exactly…”

Before Liu Ruchun could find an answer, Huang Lao’s panicked voice came through.

“Sect Master, something doesn’t feel right.”

“Why does it feel like we’re not moving forward, but upward?”

The surrounding scenery abruptly shifted.

Their perspective continuously narrowed. Xiao Heng and the others saw that shortly after leaving the Xuanhuang Realm, the Medicine King Cauldron, which had been flying straight ahead, inexplicably changed its course.

As if something above was attracting it.

The Medicine King Cauldron traced a curve in the dark void.

Helplessly, it slowly drifted upwards.

Its speed grew increasingly faster.

There wasn’t a single star in sight, only endless darkness.

Yet, at that moment, it felt like a ferocious beast, opening its maw, waiting for its prey to arrive.

Liu Ruchun’s heart turned ice-cold.

Gazing at the luminous cloud below, representing the Xuanhuang Realm, which was growing smaller and smaller, he felt as if he saw a mocking gaze coming from it.

In that instant, Liu Ruchun understood everything.

Why did the Ten Immortal Sects know they were trying to escape, yet didn’t stop them?

Because they already knew.

There was no way to escape.

“Ten Immortal Sects…” Liu Ruchun gritted his teeth.

The Medicine King Cauldron’s speed had already surpassed its limit, causing it to violently shake.

“Sect Master!”

Creaking sounds echoed from all directions. Huang Lao’s voice was filled with panic.

Just a few breaths later.

“Sect Master, you…”

First, Huang Lao let out an incredulous scream.

“Disciples of the Medicine King Sect, listen to my orders…”

Following that, Liu Ruchun began issuing commands to the disciples within the Medicine King Cauldron.

He ordered them to quickly return to their respective chambers.

“Don’t blame me…”

Liu Ruchun’s soft murmur reverberated through the space.

“With just my strength, it’s impossible to escape from there…”

His voice revealed a hint of despair.

“But, for the Medicine King Sect.”

“I must do this.”

In an instant, a vast expanse of azure-green light enveloped the entire Medicine King Cauldron.

“Ten Immortal Sects!

!”

Amidst his furious roar filled with resentment.

The azure light intensified.

The Medicine King Cauldron’s speed abruptly slowed down.

However, it was still unable to change its downward trajectory.

But slowly, from within the Medicine King Cauldron, wisps of the same azure-green light began to emanate.

The azure light became increasingly dazzling.

The Medicine King Cauldron slowed down even further.

Slower and slower.

Finally, it came to a standstill amidst the endless darkness.

In that instant, a large amount of green light was extracted.

Only then did the Medicine King Cauldron begin to change its direction.

It avoided being swallowed and started plummeting downwards.

During its escape, the azure light flickered continuously.

As if it was being rapidly consumed.

Eventually, when the Medicine King Cauldron fell back into the Xuanhuang Realm, the green light had become almost invisible.

…

The scene abruptly ended.

“This is what happened back then,” Linghu Chang said with sorrow.

Xiao Heng and the others were still in shock from the scene they had just witnessed, unable to react.

After a long time.

“What was that?” Su Xiaomei, who was never afraid of anything, asked with fear.

Although she didn’t say it directly, everyone present understood what she was referring to.

“That is the Immortal Ruins. A long, long time ago, when the path to ascension was still open, that was where the celestial realm’s passage was located,” Linghu Chang answered her question.

“Before our Sect Master passed away, he understood many things,” Linghu Chang said.

“The celestial path is hidden, the connection with other cultivation realms is severed…”

“All of this is because a terrifying existence appeared above the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“It devours everything, even distorting time and space.”

“Just by circling around it, a thousand years have passed in the outside world.”

Linghu Chang’s voice was low, as he spoke slowly.

“And the Ten Immortal Sects back then, knowing this truth, watched as we were sent to our deaths, without offering any warning…”

Linghu Chang clenched his fists, his nails digging into his flesh.

“Immortal Ruins…” Xiao Heng and the others muttered, their hearts filled with indescribable terror.

“We… will this world be completely sucked up?” Su Xiaomei opened her mouth, asking with confusion.

Linghu Chang let out a cold laugh. “Back then, the Ten Immortal Sects were still engaged in open and covert struggles, constantly conflicting.”

“But suddenly, from a certain point, they became incredibly united, speaking with one voice.”

“I suppose the Xuanhuang Realm being able to survive until now is thanks to their efforts back then.”

Xiao Heng and the others felt slightly relieved upon hearing this.

However, the lingering sense of unease in their hearts couldn’t be easily dispelled.

…

Just as Xiao Heng and the others finally became aware of the Xuanhuang Realm’s true predicament, Li Fan, who was still oblivious to all this, had completed the final inspection of the Soul-Locking Array in the last province.

The Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array was about to completely cover the entire realm, and all the array masters who had participated in its construction received invitations from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters.

“Go to Tianling Province to witness the Soul-Locking Array’s debut?”

“What does this mean?”

Li Fan looked at the black and gold jade-like invitation in his hand and asked Huangfu Song.

“Perhaps it has something to do with the void in Tianling Province,” Huangfu Song whispered.

“Anyway, it’s almost certain that the Five Elders Association will start another war.”

“So, the Alliance decided to take advantage of the Soul-Locking Array’s debut and give them a severe lesson.”

Li Fan nodded slowly upon hearing this.

Looking at the jade token, for some reason, a sense of unease suddenly welled up in his heart.

“Let’s go, many people have already arrived.”

“We can’t miss such a grand event.”

Huangfu Song piloted the Dust Crossing Boat towards Yanghua Immortal City.

Then, they used the teleportation array to continuously travel towards Tianling Province.

On the way, Li Fan suddenly stopped.

“Senior Huangfu, you go ahead.”

“I have something to do and need to go to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters first.”

After a moment, Li Fan said to Huangfu Song.

He also gave him a “you know what I mean” look.

“Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters?” Huangfu Song was surprised, but quickly understood.

“Then congratulations to you, my friend!”

Looking at Li Fan with envy, Huangfu Song shook his head silently and left first.

After Huangfu Song left, Li Fan’s expression remained unchanged.

But in his heart, he was recalling the message that Lu Xuejing had just sent him.

“Danger.”

“It seems my premonition was right, there is indeed something wrong with Tianling Province.”

Li Fan secretly made plans.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 406


Lu Xuejing was not aware of the specific dangers that awaited her in Tianling Province.

It was only during her conversation with her mother, Lu Xi Chan, that she noticed a subtle sense of unease in her mother’s cold demeanor when mentioning matters related to Tianling Province.

In the past, whenever Lu Chief displayed such an expression, it signified an impending storm of bloodshed.

“Could it be that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is about to get rid of us after we’ve served our purpose?”

Li Fan felt a tinge of doubt in his heart.

If this were indeed the case, it seemed rather too hasty.

After the completion of the Locking Spirit Array, wouldn’t they even bother with a pretense of rewarding us? Or were there hidden motives at play?

“Regardless, Tianling Province is not a place I can go to.”

“Based on the power I witnessed in the Five Elements Great Subworld, the might of the Locking Spirit Array must surpass even Dao Integration.”

“With the situation unclear, it would be unwise to risk my life.”

“Besides, to understand what’s happening in Tianling Province, there’s no need for me to go myself.”

Li Fan’s eyes flickered with a subtle gleam as he settled down in the Transmission Plaza.

This was the mandatory transit point for anyone traveling to Tianling Province.

Most of the invited array masters would pass through here.

Sure enough, not long after, Li Fan spotted a suitable target from afar.

Le Wan, a Golden Core array master and one of the participants in the Locking Spirit Array competition.

Unaware of Li Fan’s hidden presence, Le Wan hurriedly activated the transmission array, intending to reach his destination.

Before he could leave, Formless Killing Intent had already silently locked onto him.

Li Fan trailed behind, maintaining the maximum distance required for Formless Killing Intent to remain active.

After half a day, Le Wan arrived at Tianling Province.

From afar, he saw a colossal Dust Crossing Boat suspended in the sky.

Cultivators were constantly flying towards it from all directions.

Le Wan’s face lit up with excitement as he flew forward, soon reaching the edge of the Dust Crossing Boat.

Holding a black-gold invitation, a beam of light swept across his body.

Le Wan was granted access through the protective barrier and landed on the Dust Crossing Boat.

“Le Daoist!”

As soon as he landed, acquaintances greeted him warmly.

Le Wan responded in kind.

The boat was already bustling with cultivators, mostly familiar faces.

Besides the contestants of the array competition, many first-rate construction and support personnel who had made significant contributions to the widespread use of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array were also invited aboard the Dust Crossing Boat.

They were gathered together, creating a lively atmosphere.

“The Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array is complete. Facing the Five Elders Association’s aggressive assault, it will finally reveal its true power. Lu Chief’s invitation to witness this spectacle is truly a blessing for us.”

“Yes, finally able to witness the divine power of the Locking Spirit Array, all my years of hardship have been worth it.”

“I wonder if the Five Elders Association will be intimidated and simply back down. If they don’t show up, all our preparations will be in vain.”

“Haha, rest assured. Knowing the Five Elders Association, they will undoubtedly think we are bluffing as usual. Little do they know…”

“Daoist, be careful! Don’t say too much!”

…

Amidst the joyful atmosphere, the group waited for the arrival of the Five Elders Association cultivators.

It was only after ten days that their target finally appeared.

Without warning, a beam of white light descended from the heavens, illuminating a spot near the border of Tianling Province. It locked onto a hidden cultivator who was moving rapidly.

“Is this the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Array of your Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance? It doesn’t seem that impressive.”

“It’s just revealing my location. What can you do about it?”

Instead of panicking, the cultivator, not only remained unperturbed, but also stopped in his tracks, mocking the Dust Crossing Boat in the sky.

For a moment, the people on the Dust Crossing Boat were filled with righteous indignation.

“A mere Nascent Soul cultivator dares to act so audacious?”

“This person is taking the lead, he can’t be as simple as he appears.”

“Why isn’t the Alliance reacting? What are they waiting for?”

…

The Five Elders Association cultivator saw that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was not responding to his provocation. He snorted in disdain.

In full view of everyone, he tossed an apricot-yellow array flag into the air.

Muttering under his breath, one hundred and eight monstrous creatures, each with a unique appearance, flew out of the flag.

The creatures’ bodies seemed to be composed of blue starlight, their ferocious faces bearing a hint of divinity.

“That is…”

“The Small Star Shifting Array?”

The cultivators on the Dust Crossing Boat, all skilled in array formations, instantly recognized the array the Five Elders Association cultivator was using.

They gasped in unison.

The one hundred and eight star beasts circled around each other in a Zhoutian formation, spewing out brilliant starlight that converged towards the center.

At the point where the one hundred and eight beams of light collided, a starry gate slowly opened.

Thousands of cultivators instantly poured out of the gate. They were all clad in the Five Elders Association’s battle robes, and the beams of light that descended from their heads confirmed their identities.

“How could they let them open the transmission gate?”

“What’s going on? What is our side doing?”

“Everyone, be at ease. This must be a strategy to lure them in.”

…

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s inaction in the face of the Five Elders Association’s invasion caused an uproar among the cultivators on the Dust Crossing Boat.

However, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance did not disappoint them.

Soon, the Locking Spirit Array in the sky began to act. Among the thousands of beams of light that were locking onto the Five Elders Association cultivators, streaks of golden light suddenly appeared.

The golden light was extremely thin. It flowed down from the sky along the beams, like sharp flying swords, ready to behead the Five Elders Association cultivators.

However, the Five Elders Association cultivators remained calm.

Just as the golden light was about to reach their heads, it abruptly stopped, suspended in mid-air.

The golden light flared up, emitting a disgruntled hum as it struggled to break free from its constraints.

But on the battlefield, it was as if an invisible giant hand was holding it down, preventing it from moving.

The golden light was rendered immobile.

“This…”

The Dust Crossing Boat fell silent in an instant.

The young array masters, witnessing the Locking Spirit Array’s attack being effortlessly blocked, all wore expressions of disbelief.

Some cultivators, as if realizing something, suddenly turned pale, their eyes darting around in panic.

They seemed ready to flee the scene.

At that moment, a deep voice echoed across the battlefield.

“Heavenly Venerate, please retreat.”

“According to our agreement, you should not be here.”

As the words rang out, Ji Hong Dao’s figure gradually emerged, standing before the Five Elders Association cultivators.

“Oh?”

A silver bell-like laughter echoed across the heavens.

“Is there anywhere in this world I cannot go?”

Only the voice could be heard, not the speaker. But all the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators on the scene were filled with fear.

“Longevity…”

“Heavenly Venerate?”

The thousands of Five Elders Association cultivators, however, showed no change in expression. It was as if they had known all along that the Longevity Venerate would appear.

They all wore the same expression, cold and emotionless, as they gazed ahead.

Li Fan, who was observing this scene from afar using the perspective of the heavens, was shaken to his core.

“That voice is…”

“Zhao Shijie?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 407


Li Fan, who had once had a close encounter with Zhao Shijie in forbidden literature, instantly recognized her voice.

“【One Heart Heavenly Venerate】, is that her name? Or does it represent her defiance of the laws of heaven and earth?”

“Why would she show herself?”

Several thoughts flashed through Li Fan’s mind in a split second.

Just as Li Fan was filled with uncertainty, the One Heart Heavenly Venerate’s voice rang out again.

“The agreement was made with the Law-Bestowing Heavenly Venerate.”

“Now I am here, where is the Law-Bestowing Heavenly Venerate?”

The voice was clear and spread throughout the heavens and earth.

All the cultivators in the Tianling Province looked at each other in astonishment.

Most of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance members knew that the Law-Bestowing Heavenly Venerate had long since transcended the world, no longer interfering with worldly affairs.

But everyone assumed that the Law-Bestowing Heavenly Venerate was simply living a carefree life, too lazy to bother with these mundane matters.

That was why he hadn’t appeared for so many years.

And he was undoubtedly still alive in the world.

But what did the One Heart Heavenly Venerate mean by her words today?

“Where is the Law-Bestowing Heavenly Venerate?”

A terrifying thought arose in the minds of everyone present.

“No, no, it can’t be.”

Everyone’s eyes were filled with suppressed fear.

“Where is the Law-Bestowing Heavenly Venerate?”

The One Heart Heavenly Venerate asked again.

Her voice was like thunder, echoing through the Tianling Province.

It had the tendency to cross the white mist barrier and spread to other provinces.

In the sky, strands of green light appeared, like a giant net.

They blocked the sound.

The One Heart Heavenly Venerate’s voice gradually faded.

“【One Heart Heavenly Venerate】, please leave.” Ji Hongdao said again.

His face was as cold as ice, devoid of any expression.

“If I don’t leave, what will you do?” Zhao Shijie’s voice, laced with amusement, rang out.

The thousands of Five Elders Association cultivators below all took a step forward in unison.

Ji Hongdao took a deep breath, “After the achieving Heavenly Venerate, she should no longer participate in the disputes of the mundane world.”

“This is the agreement between the Law-Bestowing Heavenly Venerate and the Five Elders Association Heavenly Venerates of that time.”

“Are you truly going to break it now?”

“Boom!” The thousands of Five Elders Association cultivators, who had formed a battle formation, took another step forward in unison.

It showed the One Heart Heavenly Venerate’s determination.

“Very well.”

“If that’s the case…”

A flicker of hesitation crossed Ji Hongdao’s eyes.

But he quickly suppressed it.

His eyes now reflected an icy coldness and unwavering determination.

Ji Hongdao looked up at the sky, bowing and bending his body.

One after another, green lines appeared in the sky.

They rapidly spread from the center to the surroundings, forming a giant net that enveloped the entire Tianling Province in an instant.

Ji Hongdao stood up and bowed again.

The green light became increasingly brighter.

It dyed the entire sky a strange shade of green.

Ji Hongdao then bowed three times.

A moment later…

Countless, densely packed green threads descended from the giant net.

They rushed towards their targets on the ground.

In an instant, the entire Tianling Province seemed to have been trapped in a terrifying green spider web.

“Wait, how is this possible?!”

The cultivators on the Dust Crossing Boat, witnessing the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation unleash its power, finally saw the formation’s true might.

But none of them showed the excitement they should have.

Instead, they were filled with immense terror.

Even more so than when they had just heard about the 【One Heart Heavenly Venerate】 coming to the battlefield.

Because the target of the Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation was not the Longevity Venerate who stood before the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Nor was it the thousands of Five Elders Association cultivators who had come to invade.

It was…

All the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators present in the Tianling Province.

Every green thread that fell meant the death of a cultivator.

High in the heavens.

A distorted apparition formed an abstract painting of chaotic and mottled colors.

Return, return, return, return…

Path, path, path…

At, at, at…

Countless sounds converged and intertwined.

It was impossible to discern their meaning.

They were just a multitude of strange sounds echoing endlessly, forming a grand, chaotic, and distorted celebratory symphony.

Whether it was the young formation masters on the Dust Crossing Boat.

Or Li Fan, who was several provinces away.

They were all in a state of stupor at this moment.

Because this scene was beyond their comprehension.

The Tianxuan Locking Spirit Formation, which was supposed to be used to intimidate the Five Elders Association, was now slaughtering the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators indiscriminately.

Looking at the dense green lines in the sky and earth of the Tianling Province.

Everyone had no doubt that all the cultivators in this province below the Dao Integration stage had perished in the attack of the Locking Spirit Formation.

“Why?”

Li Fan’s heart was filled with endless confusion.

He had thought that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would kill the formation masters who had built the Locking Spirit Formation to ensure that its structure wouldn’t be leaked.

But he hadn’t expected that the target of the Locking Spirit Formation would be all the cultivators in the Tianling Province.

“It makes no sense at all.”

“Has the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance gone mad?”

He analyzed one possibility after another in his mind, but he couldn’t find any motive for the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to do this.

Just as he was racking his brains, trying to understand.

The world suddenly began to shake.

The Tianling Province.

And the Tianpan Province where he was currently.

Both were shaking.

His heart pounded rapidly, as if he had encountered a fatal threat.

Li Fan abruptly stood up, his face grave as he looked towards the heavens.

“This is…”

A meaningless roar echoed faintly from the sky.

The entire world trembled slightly.

At this moment, all the living beings in the Xuanhuang Realm.

All instinctively raised their heads, gazing at the sky.

Great fear was born in their hearts.

The feeling of doomsday approaching, with nowhere to escape, surged through all living beings.

The trembling lasted for a long time before finally stopping.

All living beings showed expressions of relief, as if they had survived a catastrophe.

But they were clueless about what had happened.

The Tianling Province.

Before the survivors had recovered.

“【One Heart Heavenly Venerate】, please leave.” Ji Hongdao said again.

After a long silence.

“Hahaha…”

“Haha…”

“Interesting. Whose idea was this?”

“Staying in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is truly a waste of your talents. Why don’t you join me instead!”

Zhao Shijie chuckled, revealing her figure, asking with amusement.

She looked exactly like the image Li Fan had seen in the forbidden book.

And she was exactly as depicted in the legends.

She wore a white robe, her figure alluring.

Ji Hongdao closed his eyes, not daring to look directly at her.

“Please leave, Heavenly Venerate!”

Cold sweat streamed down his forehead, but he remained resolute.

Zhao Shijie stared at him for a moment.

Then she looked up at the sky.

“You have some nerve.”

Before her voice had faded, she had vanished.

The instant the One Heart Heavenly Venerate disappeared.

The thousands of golden rays of light that had been suspended in the air, blocked by her, fell to the ground.

They killed all the Five Elders Association cultivators who had come to invade.

Strangely, these cultivators showed no fear in the face of death.

And there were no signs of cultivators falling from the heavens.

“【One Heart Heavenly Venerate】…”

Ji Hongdao looked in the direction where Zhao Shijie had left, muttering for a moment.

Then he turned around, his expressionless face facing the formation masters on the Dust Crossing Boat.

“Let’s go.”

“The feast is over. It’s time to have a good talk with you.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 408


“This world… there’s something wrong.”

In the Tianling Province, after Ji Hongdao departed with the massive Dust Crossing Boat, Li Fan lost the sensation of the Formless Killing Intent.

It didn’t matter, as his initial goal had been achieved. He successfully learned of everything that had happened in the Tianling Province.

As he recalled the events he had witnessed, many questions arose in his mind.

The disappearance of the Heavenly Venerate and the probing action of the One-Heart Venerate were still within the realm of logic.

However, what happened afterward was completely baffling.

“Ji Hongdao activated the Locking Spirit Array, instantly killing all cultivators in the province.”

“This was a declaration. It demonstrates that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, under the coverage of the Locking Spirit Array, possesses the power to annihilate the vast majority of cultivators in an instant.”

“This serves as a threat, demanding that Zhao Shijie retreat.”

“And as the Longevity Venerate, she actually just left.”

“Would a Longevity Realm being care so much about the lives of ants? After transcendence, shouldn’t it be ‘Your life or death is none of my concern’?”

Suddenly, Li Fan recalled his enlightenment from years ago.

“The number of cultivators cannot be too few….”

“It seems that ensuring the existence of a certain number of cultivators is even more important to the Longevity Venerate than I imagined.”

“But why?”

What bothered him even more was the strange phenomenon that occurred in the Xuanhuang Realm after the cultivators of the Tianling Province died instantly.

It was as if the end of the world was approaching, with the entire world trembling.

All living beings in the world felt a nameless fear.

Even Li Fan, who possessed the 【Truth】 and could rewind time at any moment, was no exception.

The contradiction between the Xuanhuang Realm and cultivators was so sharp that it seemed impossible to reconcile.

Logically speaking, the more cultivators died, the better it should be for the world.

Now it seemed that this was not the case at all.

What was the reason for this?

He pondered repeatedly, but due to the lack of clues, Li Fan couldn’t find a reasonable answer at the moment.

He thought back to the 【One-Heart Venerate】 he had seen.

This was the first time he had witnessed the existence of a Longevity Realm strongman with his own eyes.

She effortlessly blocked the attack of the Spirit Locking Array.

Ji Hongdao, a Dao Integration powerhouse, didn’t even dare to look at her directly.

Indeed, she was unfathomably strong.

“One-Heart, should be similar to 【Transmission】, representing the Dao that Zhao Shijie has reversed.”

“What is One-Heart?”

Li Fan frowned.

“One-Heart implies focused attention, unity of hearts.”

“Focused attention is clearly not right. Unity of hearts….”

Li Fan’s eyes narrowed slightly.

He remembered Zhao Shijie’s strange words.

“Staying in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is a waste of your talent. Why not join me?”

Join….

“Me?!”

Li Fan seemed to understand something.

He recalled the thousands of Five Elders Association cultivators who had come to attack.

From beginning to end, they all had the same expression.

There was no command, yet their actions were incredibly consistent.

Even in the face of death, they didn’t show any fear.

After they all perished, there were no corresponding celestial phenomena in the sky.

….

“United… as one?”

Li Fan had a sudden realization.

“All living beings are born different. In the world, they are all independent individuals.”

“This is the Dao of Heaven.”

“If this Dao is reversed….”

“You are within me, and I am within you. In essence, we are one.”

Li Fan suddenly remembered hearing about things like 【Consciousness Collective】 and 【Unity】 in his previous life.

A vast population, seemingly with numerous individual lives.

But in essence, they are a collective that shares all perceptions.

“It seems that the Dao that Zhao Shijie cultivates is likely this?”

“Assimilating all living beings in the world?”

Li Fan immediately felt something was wrong.

Zhao Shijie had already achieved Longevity Venerate, signifying that she had successfully reversed the Dao of Heaven.

But clearly, the vast majority of cultivators in the Xuanhuang Realm had not been assimilated by her.

“Does this mean that the Dao reversed by the One-Heart Venerate is only within a specific region?”

Li Fan secretly guessed.

“Is what Ji Hongdao said about completing the 【Theorem】 referring to a necessary step in achieving Longevity Venerate?”

One glimpse into the Tianling Province, and Li Fan once again glimpsed the highest secrets of this world.

But to truly understand the meaning behind it, he needed more information.

Setting it aside for now, Li Fan returned to the Immortal City of the Heavenly Judgment Province, within the Tianxuan Mirror.

He submitted an application to visit the 【Museum of Divine Treasures】 at the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, free of charge.

This was one of the benefits of his current level 30 derivation authority.

Soon, his application was approved, allowing him to choose the time of his visit within a year.

Li Fan immediately chose to visit right away.

After receiving the message that a 【Guide】 would be coming to pick him up shortly and that he should wait patiently in the Heavenly Judgment City,

Li Fan breathed a sigh of relief.

He wasn’t actually in the mood to visit the various treasures preserved in the Museum of Divine Treasures at the end of his life.

Instead, he was looking for a safe place to take refuge.

Although Ji Hongdao hadn’t been ruthless in the Tianling Province and had spared the lives of those young formation masters,

after witnessing the slaughter of all cultivators in the province and knowing the secret structure of the Spirit Locking Array,

their fate wouldn’t be good.

And those formation masters who hadn’t been present for various reasons would undoubtedly be eliminated one by one.

Li Fan could directly rewind time.

But he still needed some time to wrap things up in this life.

At the very least, he had to wait until Xiao Heng and the others came out of the True King’s Divine Cauldron.

For Li Fan at this moment, there was no place safer in the world than the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Firstly, the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had its own defense mechanisms, and Ji Hongdao and the others would likely not make a move directly inside.

Secondly, it would create a false impression.

I’m already at the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, practically a sitting duck. Are you afraid of me running away?

This would undoubtedly make Ji Hongdao and the others relax their vigilance and eliminate the remaining targets first.

Then they would deal with Li Fan.

….

While Li Fan waited for the 【Guide】,

in the True King’s Divine Cauldron, within the Abyss of Roars,

Xiao Heng and the others were helping Linghu Chang open one sealed room after another.

They took out the corpses inside and buried them.

Back then, Liu Ruchen, in order to save the True King’s Divine Cauldron from falling into the 【Immortal Ruins】, had not only sacrificed himself and Elder Huang.

He had also used the lives of hundreds of disciples who had fallen into a deep slumber as fuel.

This was how he pulled the True King’s Divine Cauldron out of the abyss.

Looking at the shriveled corpses of his former fellow disciples, Linghu Chang’s face was filled with uncontrollable grief.

He took all the valuable items from their bodies.

After burning the corpses, Linghu Chang said solemnly, “I will rebuild the True King Sect.”

Xiao Heng and the others exchanged glances and couldn’t help but say, “Fellow Daoist Linghu Chang, times have changed….”

Linghu Chang raised his hand to interrupt him, “I know. Nowadays, the Dao cannot be cultivated together.”

“So for now, those fellow disciples and senior members of the sect who are still asleep and practice the same cultivation method as me, I won’t wake them up.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 409: The Boundary of Immortals and the Unity of All Things


“As far as I know, apart from our sect’s fundamental technique, the ‘Ji Shi Longevity Scripture,’ there were several senior brothers who practiced other techniques back then.”

“If I awaken them in advance, it shouldn’t be a problem.”

“Wait until I gather enough techniques…”

Linghu Chang muttered to himself, but he noticed strange looks from Xiao Heng and the others.

He couldn’t help but stop and asked, “What’s wrong, Friend Xiao? Is there something wrong with my plan?”

Xiao Heng sighed, “Friend Linghu, I’m afraid the current situation in the cultivation world is not as simple as you imagine.”

Xiao Heng then explained the rough situation of the two colossal entities, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders’ Association, which almost monopolized all techniques in the world.

Linghu Chang’s complexion instantly turned extremely pale.

“How could this be?”

If these people weren’t lying, then the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders’ Association were terrifying entities even more formidable than the ten major sects of the Immortal Dao in the past.

Su Xiaomei hurriedly added, “The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is not a group of good people. If they learn about the current situation of your Medicine King Sect, they won’t spare you for the sake of treasures and techniques.”

Zhang Haobo also nodded, “The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s control over techniques is truly formidable. Especially the ancient technique you, Friend Linghu, are cultivating, it’s undoubtedly exceptional. It shouldn’t be a problem to reach the Dao Integration. With the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s style, they won’t let such a true technique remain outside. Once they get wind of it, they will definitely send Law Protectors to recover it.”

The three of them vividly described the terror of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance according to their own impressions.

Although Linghu Chang didn’t fully believe it, he understood the principle that innocent people shouldn’t be blamed for the sins of the guilty.

Joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and handing over the lives of hundreds of sleeping senior brothers to others was something he couldn’t do, entrusted by Lian Ruchen in his dying moments.

After thinking about it, he solemnly bowed to Xiao Heng and the others.

“I’ve been away from the Xuanhuang Realm for thousands of years, and the changes in the world are unfamiliar to me in many aspects. For the sake of the future well-being of my Medicine King Sect, I will trouble you all for assistance.”

Xiao Heng repeatedly said it was his duty.

After dealing with the matters inside the cauldron, Linghu Chang and the three others flew out from the Medicine King Cauldron.

Linghu Chang put away the Medicine King Cauldron.

Then, they planned to return to Shilin State along the same route.

Throughout the journey, everyone flew discreetly.

Seeing the magnificent heavenly cities along the way and the numerous cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance within, Linghu Chang became more convinced of his judgment, becoming more cautious.

…

Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance Headquarters.

Museum of Divine Treasures.

Guided by the attendant, Li Fan had already arrived at this magnificent building.

At this moment, his steps in the tour slightly paused.

The guide looked at him somewhat puzzled.

“Is there a place to rest here?”

Li Fan said with some apology.

A guide in black clothes looked at Li Fan, who was white-haired and looked old, with an understanding expression.

Then, he led him to a closed space.

Although simple in decoration, it had all the necessary furniture.

“You can rest here. If you want to visit again, just contact me through this jade card, marked with the year ‘Bing Yin.'”

Handing the jade card engraved with the words ‘Bing Yin’ to Li Fan, the guide quietly left.

Li Fan took a deep breath, digesting the information transmitted from Xiao Heng and the others.

“Immortal Ruin?”

His eyes narrowed.

“Extremely attractive, devouring everything.”

“Even capable of distorting time and space. Approaching it, a moment could be equivalent to a thousand years.”

“What is this…”

“A black hole?”

“Or rather, a force very similar to a black hole.”

“Does the mysterious existence above Yuandao Province have any connection with the Immortal Ruin?”

While Li Fan was organizing the information, he suddenly froze.

“Wait a moment, the Immortal Ruin, the Xuanhuang Realm below that can be attracted and devoured at any time.”

“As well as the anomalies in the Xuanhuang Realm after the death of cultivators.”

…

In an instant, combining the observations from Tianling Province

All the clues formed a line.

A logically consistent conclusion appeared in Li Fan’s mind.

Enough to rationally and completely unravel the doubts in Li Fan’s mind.

“To avoid the fate of the entire Xuanhuang Realm being swallowed by the Immortal Ruin above, it needs to maintain a certain ‘weight’ itself.”

“And cultivators are also a crucial part of this ‘weight’…”

“When numerous cultivators die, the Xuanhuang Realm becomes lighter.”

“So, it is slightly attracted by the Immortal Ruin, approaching it by a small distance.”

“…”

“If the number of cultivators in the Xuanhuang Realm drops to a certain level, the entire Xuanhuang Realm will irreversibly…”

“Completely fall into the Immortal Ruin.”

“At that time, even the Longevity Immortal, I’m afraid, will not be able to escape the fate of destruction.”

“This is why Jihong Dao’s deterrent works.”

“Mutual destruction.”

“This is also why ‘the number of cultivators must not be too small.'”

Li Fan’s thoughts quickly turned, and he thought of Zhao Shijie’s words and actions. He vaguely felt that this judgment was extremely close to the truth.

But then the problem arose.

Why do cultivators have ‘weight’?

It’s understandable for the world to have weight.

But the physical bodies of cultivators, how…

In an instant, it was as if a lightning bolt had split through the mist.

Li Fan instantly understood.

“If it’s an ancient technique cultivator, naturally, there is no concept of ‘weight.'”

“But for new technique cultivators, they plunder the heavens and seize the earth.”

“Absorb the essence of heaven and earth, imitate the heavenly treasures, observe the laws of heaven and earth, seize the essence of heaven and earth, extract the marrow of heaven and earth…”

“They absorb a part of the world, turning it into their own.”

“It naturally obtains the attribute of ‘weight’ of the world.”

For cultivators below the Golden Core stage, it might not be obvious.

When reaching the Foundation Establishment stage, after swallowing the ‘Dharma’ originally belonging to heaven and earth, transforming it into their own domain.

This becomes more understandable.

“Dharma…”

“The ‘weight’ of the world…”

Li Fan then thought of more.

According to the observations of Linghu Chang from the Medicine King Sect.

The Immortal Ruin above the Xuanhuang Realm should have existed long before the spread of new techniques.

At that time, the ten major sects of the Immortal Dao joined forces to prevent the fate of the Xuanhuang Realm being swallowed.

What exactly did the top cultivators standing at the peak of the cultivation world do back then?

Thinking about the current situation of the Xuanhuang Realm, a bold speculation emerged in Li Fan’s mind.

“When I learned about the new techniques from the ‘Five Spiritual Qi Sensing Method,’ I had doubts in my heart.”

“Cultivators plundering the heavens and seizing the earth, and yet this world can persist for so long. It’s truly incredible.”

“After delving into various secrets of the Xuanhuang Realm, I also had suspicions.”

“There are too many ‘subworlds’ and small worlds contained within the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“From the Great Xu to the edge of the realm. Even countless attached worlds, as well as countless subworld of various shapes.”

“Now it seems that these places may not have originally belonged to the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“But were ‘captured’ from the void by the cultivators of the ten major sects of the Immortal Dao back then, to avoid being swallowed by the Immortal Ruin.”



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 410


“Ancient cultivators’ actions were truly comparable to catching stars and taking the moon.”

Thinking about the countless Subworlds and smaller worlds within the Xuanhuang Realm, Li Fan couldn’t help but sigh in admiration.

It was precisely because of the accumulation of the past that the Xuanhuang Realm had such a rich foundation.

This allowed it to endure for thousands of years despite the plundering of cultivators.

“When cultivators of this world die, they will return their Dao to Heaven. This is a self-generated countermeasure that the world has developed in response to the perceived threat.”

“This method of recycling has greatly slowed the rate of ‘weight’ loss.”

“But…”

Li Fan pondered slightly.

The so-called ‘weight’ was simply Li Fan’s way of referring to the Xuanhuang Realm’s ability to resist the attraction of the Immortal Ruins, given his limited information.

From what he could see, the ‘weight’ of a cultivator after their demise and return of their Dao to Heaven was far less than when they were alive.

“Perhaps it’s because the energy that returns to the heavens when Subworlds are destroyed is formless. And for Heaven to re-condense this energy into tangible objects with ‘weight’ requires a long period of time.”

“When the rate of Subworld creation is less than the rate of their destruction, there will be a deficit. This will affect the safety of the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“Therefore, the number of cultivators must be controlled and maintained in balance.”

“This is one possibility.”

“Another possibility is…”

Li Fan’s brow furrowed.

“When cultivators die, they don’t all return their Dao to Heaven. A portion of them disappears…”

“It’s a bit terrifying to think about, but it’s become commonplace in the Xuanhuang Realm.”

Li Fan recalled the scene recorded by the Medicine King Cauldron when it broke through the world’s barriers.

Leaving the protection of the world, the Medicine King Cauldron, attempting to cross the void, was like a moth drawn to a flame, inevitably falling towards the Immortal Ruins.

“Immortal Ruins…”

The greatest fear is the fear of the unknown.

Why did the ancient Immortal Realm passage become the devouring entity it is now?

Does the former Immortal Realm still exist?

If the Immortal Realm no longer exists, what caused its destruction?

The more he thought about it, the more instinctive fear surged within Li Fan.

After a moment, Li Fan took a deep breath and suppressed his myriad thoughts.

These were still too distant for him right now.

At the very least, he would need to consider these issues after achieving the Longevity Immortal Sage.

Putting these thoughts aside, Li Fan pondered his own situation.

“Although the world I’ve transmigrated to is on the verge of destruction at all times.”

“But if you think about it, this situation is actually better for me.”

“After all, even the lofty Longevity Realm cultivators are essentially no different from ordinary beings in the Xuanhuang Realm, just grasshoppers on the same boat.”

“On this sinking ship of the Xuanhuang Realm, even the Longevity Immortal Sages have to be cautious in their actions. They can’t be completely reckless.”

“If it were a world completely controlled by such powerful beings, where they could refine and obliterate all living beings within the world with a single thought without any burden, then that would be truly hopeless. Even with the help of the ‘Truth’, there would be nothing but helplessness.”

“It’s fortunate amidst misfortune!”

Li Fan thought this, and his heart gradually calmed down.

“The Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation is equivalent to the ‘nuclear deterrent’ that existed in my previous world.”

“Before the Five Elders Association finds a way to break it, large-scale wars are unlikely to occur. There might only be occasional small-scale skirmishes.”

“But it does confirm the disappearance of the Heavenly Venerate. It’s hard to say what the future holds.”

Li Fan summoned the ‘Truth’ interface.

“Biological Age: 884/899.”

“As the saying goes, you can see further from a higher vantage point. In the past, I could only live for a maximum of 50 years before being forced to return to ‘Truth’. 50 years of foresight was enough for ordinary people. But in this unpredictable Xuanhuang Realm, it’s not enough.”

“Perhaps in a certain life, I could try doing nothing and just observe the changes in the Xuanhuang Realm. With the passage of time, I might find more valuable information.”

…

With his thoughts sorted, to avoid suspicion, Li Fan took out the jade token given to him by the guide Bing Yin and resumed his tour of the Museum of Divine Treasures.

In fact, at this point in his current life, Li Fan could have simply returned to ‘Truth’. However, the Museum of Divine Treasures was a significant location for the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and it was not easy to visit.

Since he was here, it wouldn’t hurt to expand his knowledge. Li Fan had been very interested in the head of the first cultivator infected by the Immortal Mortal Miasma, located in the center of the Museum.

According to the guide Bing Yin, the Museum of Divine Treasures was divided into several areas based on the nature of the exhibits.

The area Li Fan was currently in was the first area that all cultivators visiting the Museum had to see.

The ‘Golden Age’.

“What is this?” Li Fan asked, intrigued, as he looked at the giant ball of light floating before him.

The ball of light was composed of several areas displaying different scenes. The images flashed at an incredibly fast pace, only allowing one to vaguely make out the fleeting glimpses within.

Not only were there buildings of various styles, but also many figures flashing through them.

However, it was clear that the different areas had distinct landscape styles.

“This is the ‘Age’,” Bing Yin explained dutifully to Li Fan.

“It’s a concrete manifestation of various periods in the history of the Xuanhuang Realm, derived from a Dao Integration Stone as its core.”

“This desolate wasteland, covered in ruins, is the former Wasteland Age.”

“This area, filled with blood and killing intent, is the Great Darkness Age.”

“Here, where many figures flash by, is the Great Plague Age. Hmm, it seems to be simulating the period of the Great Migration, when cultivators forcibly relocated ordinary people.”

As Bing Yin spoke, the areas of the Age that were mentioned would enlarge, allowing Li Fan to vaguely see the details changing rapidly within.

“Dao Integration Stone…” Li Fan stared at the ball of light for a while, then asked, “What exactly is the so-called Golden Age?”

Bing Yin smiled, “The Dao Integration Stone is a peculiar object from the ancient Tai Yan Sect, with the ability to derive Heavenly Secrets and predict the future.”

“The results it derives are indistinguishable from reality, extremely illusory and nearly real.”

“Perhaps for us outsiders, the various different time periods simulated within the ‘Age’ are simply illusory existences.”

“But for the countless living beings within, everything they experience is undeniably real.”

“And when we project a strand of our divine sense, or even a portion of our Nascent Soul into it, we can personally experience these events that once truly occurred in history.”

Bing Yin first explained the background of the ‘Age’ before continuing, “We once conducted an experiment with one million blank Nascent Souls that had their memories erased.”

“We sent them into different periods, simulating for five hundred years, and then tallied the final results, ranking them.”

“And our age, the age controlled by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, undeniably ranks first.”

“Whether it’s the survival rate of cultivators or the overall cultivation level of cultivators, it surpasses all other periods.”

“The name Golden Age is well-deserved!”

Bing Yin said proudly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 411


“You’re not convinced?” Bin Yin asked, looking at Li Fan’s expression. He was used to this kind of reaction.

Li Fan didn’t answer.

Bin Yin pointed towards the orb of light ahead, and the shifting scenery spread out, revealing a part of the azure crystal within.

A beam of blue light shone upon Li Fan under the shimmering light and shadows.

“You can try to send a sliver of your divine sense into it, and you’ll see for yourself.”

Bin Yin said confidently.

Li Fan pondered for a moment, his eyes flashing, and then he split off a thread of his divine sense.

The moment it touched the blue light.

The beam retracted.

Dizziness came over him, and Li Fan closed his eyes.

The next moment.

His divine sense abruptly returned.

Li Fan suddenly opened his eyes, slightly stunned.

Sensing the memories his divine sense brought back, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel speechless.

He was born in the 【Great Plague Era】, an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator who was just a loose cultivator.

He had merely gone to the market to buy materials for alchemy, but he was accidentally infected by the Immortal Mortal Miasma.

At first, his body was weak, and he felt dizzy and lightheaded.

He thought it was a problem with his cultivation technique, so he took pills and forced himself into seclusion to practice diligently.

But after a night, when he woke up from seclusion.

He had lost all his cultivation, transforming from a respected Foundation Establishment cultivator into a powerless mortal.

He couldn’t accept this drastic change, and his body was becoming weaker and weaker.

Under the double blow, he died.

Survival time: seven days.

“The initial Immortal Mortal Miasma was quite terrifying.”

Li Fan slightly frowned, recalling his brief life.

Then he looked at Bin Yin, the commentator.

“I want to try again.”

Bin Yin smiled, not surprised at all.

He pinched a hand seal, summoning the blue beam again.

This time, Li Fan was born in the 【Wasteland Era】.

His original body was a Nascent Soul cultivator who had survived the brutal battles of the Great Dark Era.

His hands were stained with blood, and he never trusted anyone.

He was a lone wolf in the wasteland, a solitary cultivator.

After Li Fan took over, during a solitary exploration of ruins, he endured countless hardships and finally obtained a Dao Integration technique.

So he began to secretly search for information about the Spirit of Heaven and Earth, trying to break through to the Dao Integration realm.

Unfortunately, despite being extremely cautious, he somehow leaked the news.

He was ambushed by several cultivators in the wild and died a bitter death.

Survival time: three months.

Li Fan regained his senses and carefully considered these two encounters.

Then he said to Bin Yin, “Can I choose to start from scratch with a blank identity?”

Binyin seemed to understand what Li Fan was thinking and smiled wryly.

He lightly pointed, and the blue beam shot towards Li Fan again.

This time, he was born before the Great Tribulation descended, in the golden age of cultivation.

Sects stood tall, Nascent Souls roamed the earth, and Dao Integration cultivators were as common as dirt.

Li Fan was born in a small mountain village within the territory of the Red Flame Sect, and through the once-in-five-years “Ascension Grand Assembly,” he became an outer disciple of the Red Flame Sect.

He worked diligently for two years, finally successfully entering the Qi Refining stage.

He was about to be promoted to an inner disciple, truly stepping onto the path of cultivation.

But over a dispute for a spiritual vein, the Red Flame Sect and the Nine Suns Manor erupted in a great war.

Although he was extremely reluctant, he had no choice.

Li Fan, as cannon fodder, went to the battlefield.

He lasted less than two days before he was tragically killed in battle.

Survival time: fifteen and a half years.

…

“Could it be that you intentionally increased the probability of various misfortunes?” Li Fan looked at Bin Yin with suspicion.

Bin Yin shook his head, “People say the Immortal Path is good, but they don’t know that beneath the feet of an ordinary cultivator in the ancient times, lay the corpses of countless failures.”

“I see you still have doubts, well, let me convince you.”

Bin Yin’s expression turned slightly serious.

He pinched a hand seal, making the azure crystal within the orb of light more exposed.

The crystal emitted a diamond-shaped blue pattern that came before Li Fan.

“Please split off a larger portion of your divine sense and try again.”

Bin Yin reminded him.

Li Fan nodded.

His divine sense touched it, and in an instant, the world spun.

His consciousness was split into a hundred parts, each thrown into different areas of 【Time】, to experience different lives.

In the Great Plague Era, he barely survived the Immortal Mortal Miasma.

But he then indulged in his anger and massacred mortals, causing the Immortal Mortal Miasma in his body to relapse.

He lost his cultivation and was stoned to death by the mortals who came for revenge.

In the Great Dark Era, he killed all the cultivators who practiced the same technique as him, becoming the sole surviving puppet master.

He originally planned to hide in a secluded cave in the deep mountains, waiting for the Great Tribulation to pass.

But he was accidentally caught in a battle between two powerful beings passing by, and so he died a senseless death.

In the era of the New Laws being first transmitted, he was one of the first fortunate cultivators to hear the Heavenly Venerate’s teachings.

Originally, as a loose cultivator, his cultivation was extremely difficult, but after changing to the new laws, his cultivation progressed by leaps and bounds.

He thought that from then on, the Immortal Path would be smooth sailing, but suddenly a group of people came knocking.

They shouted “heretic,” and without a word, they killed him.

Even in an unknown era.

There was a kind of existence called the 【Immortal Spirit Pagoda】.

The Immortal Spirit Pagodas were scattered throughout every corner of the world, releasing pure spiritual energy day and night.

In that period, the concentration of spiritual energy in the world was even stronger than the Tianxuan Mirror within the current world after the opening of Spirit Awakening.

Even more enviable was that any cultivation technique, as long as you wanted it, could be searched and viewed through the Immortal Spirit Pagoda.

Without any restrictions.

If you encountered something you didn’t understand in the cultivation technique, you could ask the Immortal Spirit within the pagoda for clarification.

Or you could ask other cultivators who practiced the same technique.

It was truly a paradise for cultivators.

But…

Perhaps because it was something they had since birth and were accustomed to.

The humans who lived in that era were not very enthusiastic about cultivation.

Because in that highly developed society, no matter how high your cultivation was, you had to abide by the rules set by the supreme beings.

Even if you were a completely non-cultivating mortal, your basic rights would be respected.

Living in such a spiritually abundant environment, all sorts of heavenly treasures and earthly treasures were readily available.

Lifespans were extremely long, with no end in sight.

What kind of desires could not be fulfilled?

Over time, a sense of emptiness began to occupy and erode their souls.

After Li Fan was born, he indulged in pleasure for five hundred years, did nothing for five hundred years, gradually became lost for five hundred years, and fell into despair for five hundred years.

In the end, after living for more than two thousand years, he laughed and ended his own life.

…

Of the hundred-plus portions of his divine sense, other than the 【Cultivation Paradise】.

The longest was only forty-three years.

The average survival time was only half a year.

The highest cultivation level reached was the early Golden Core stage, while the lowest didn’t even step onto the path of cultivation before dying.

A hundred different cultivation lives played out in Li Fan’s mind.

When he gradually recovered, all the scenes slowly disappeared.

He vaguely saw a blurry figure standing before him, softly saying, “Remember, it’s not the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance that needs you.”

“It’s you who need the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

“This era is the best era.”

“Without a doubt.”

All the images shattered like broken glass, scattering like stars towards various parts of his sea of consciousness.

At that moment, a blue light in the center lit up.

The starlight seemed to be drawn, changing direction and flying towards the azure crystal.

Li Fan suddenly opened his eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 412


“How do you feel?”

The voice of the tour guide, Bing Yin, echoed in Li Fan’s ears. Li Fan nodded slightly in response.

“A glorious age, indeed.”

These words were partly a response to avoid suspicion, but also a genuine sentiment.

Indeed, if one were to simply consider the act of “living,” the cultivators under the rule of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association lived far easier lives than the majority of cultivators throughout history.

Even the difficulty of obtaining a suitable cultivation technique was not much more challenging than that of a lone cultivator in the ancient era.

Though joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance meant becoming a slave for life, at least, as long as they didn’t do anything stupid, these “caged” horses could live a long time, and that was no problem.

In other periods of the Xuanhuang Realm’s history, those short-lived cultivators who wanted to become slaves might not even have been qualified.

As for whether life itself was precious or freedom was more important, that was another eternal and serious question.

Li Fan had no intention of dwelling on this. What he cared about was the hundred fragments of divine consciousness that had just been washed by the “Age” and were about to dissipate in his sea of consciousness.

However, they were absorbed by the Dao Crystal formed by his cultivation of the “Dao Integration Unification” secret technique.

Those things that he had experienced in the “Age” but whose details had quickly become blurry after the experience was over, slowly became clear again.

In the blue Dao Crystal, there were faint outlines of independent scenes slowly taking shape. It looked somewhat similar to the “Age.”

“What is this?”

Li Fan’s heart trembled slightly.

“The shadowy figure I vaguely saw after the ‘Age’ experience should not have been an illusion.”

“It seems like a method to implant brainwashing thoughts into the minds of all the cultivators who observe it.”

“But I have my own Dao Crystal, which not only immunizes me from this brainwashing but also…”

While continuing to tour the Museum of Divine Treasures under Bing Yin’s guidance, Li Fan divided his attention to observe the changes in his own Dao Crystal.

Perhaps because all Dao Crystals in the world originated from the initial “Mother Dao Crystal,” they were of the same origin. The Dao Crystal in Li Fan’s sea of consciousness spontaneously absorbed all the scattered divine consciousness.

It was also actively reconstructing the worlds that Li Fan had derived from his memory, based on the “Age” imprint contained within the divine consciousness memory.

Unfortunately, it seemed that due to the insufficient quality of Li Fan’s Dao Crystal and its limited computing power, when Li Fan tried to browse these worlds carefully, he discovered that they were currently only empty shells.

The images were not continuous, but rather, they developed in jumps and jolts.

The scope was also limited to a corner of the world that he had touched upon in his memory. Beyond that, it was a distorted and broken mirror image.

Li Fan observed for a while and discovered that these worlds were slowly expanding in both time and space dimensions, albeit at an almost imperceptible rate, due to the limitations of his derivation ability.

If the Dao Crystal was only like this, even if Li Fan reincarnated a hundred times, he might not make any substantial progress.

But Li Fan had not forgotten that there was a fixed Dao Crystal in Yin Yin’s tomb. With each reincarnation, he could absorb it, and the Dao Crystal in his mind would become even stronger.

“At that time, perhaps I can recreate the ‘Age’ myself?”

“What’s the point of that?”

Li Fan suddenly thought of something and his eyes flashed. “Senior Bing Yin, I suddenly have a question. You just said that you once invested millions of blank souls into the ‘Age’ for experimentation.”

“So, are there still real souls existing in the ‘Age’ that is currently running?”

He asked the tour guide.

“Hehehe, naturally, there are.”

Bing Yin seemed reluctant to talk about this matter, only giving a simple reply.

Li Fan pondered for a moment, then suddenly asked, “You said that so many souls, constantly undergoing the ‘Age’ cleansing. Has anyone ever been aware that the world they are in is illusory and not real?”

“After all, no matter how ‘extremely realistic,’ there must be some difference from the real world, right?”

Bing Yin suddenly looked at Li Fan, glanced around, and lowered his voice. “When I took over from the previous Bing Yin, he told me an anecdote.”

“About 39 years ago, the ‘Age’ stopped running for a while.”

“The entire Museum of Divine Treasures was closed during that time, and no one was allowed to enter or leave.”

“Everyone was confused at the time, but later, there was a rumor that one of the million souls in the ‘Age’ mysteriously disappeared.”

“We searched the entire Museum of Divine Treasures, but we never found it.”

“The matter was never resolved.”

“As for whether it really escaped or disappeared due to a malfunction…”

Bing Yin stopped there, not saying anything further.

Li Fan nodded slowly. As long as something was possible, then with a large enough sample size, it could be considered inevitable.

A million souls, constantly reincarnating and repeating. There would always be a lucky one who would discover the truth of the world they were in.

Li Fan didn’t find it strange. He had just confirmed one thing from Bing Yin: The “Age” might not actually be used for brainwashing.

It was used to select and cultivate true geniuses. A person’s ultimate achievement cannot be solely judged by their talent.

Destiny, temperament, determination, etc., all play a role.

Often, some so-called geniuses die prematurely before they can grow up. On the other hand, those who are seemingly unremarkable might go further.

In the real world, cultivating cultivators requires a lot of resources, and there is also the risk of the cultivator dying unexpectedly, resulting in all the initial investment going down the drain.

However, in the “Age,” there is no need to worry about this at all. In fact, selecting through the “Age” might even be more effective.

Indeed, the Great Dark Age, the Wasteland Age, and other darkest periods in the history of the Xuanhuang Realm were incredibly dangerous, with extremely high mortality rates.

But conversely, if a soul could achieve something during this period, making a great achievement and changing history, it would prove their extraordinary nature.

Li Fan believed that in the long years of the “Age’s” operation, there should be no shortage of such individuals.

Picking them out, then giving them new bodies, applying brainwashing and absolute loyalty-binding spells, and cultivating them into absolutely loyal dogs and enforcers of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. The strength of these cultivators was frightening to think about.

At the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and during the construction of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array, Li Fan often saw some cultivators in black robes, unsure of which organization they belonged to in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. They were often expressionless, but the dangerous aura they inadvertently exuded and the bloodlust they couldn’t hide always made Li Fan feel a chill in his heart.

Li Fan guessed that these people were most likely cultivated through the “Age.”

“This method is brilliant.”

“As for me, perhaps when my Dao Crystal reaches sufficient quality, I can use the past history to hone myself.”

As the saying goes, heroes create the times. But times also create heroes.

Li Fan didn’t think he was particularly outstanding. He was just an ordinary person who relied on the “Truth” ability to struggle for survival in the dangerous Xuanhuang Realm. Based on his experiences as a Grand Tutor in the Great Xuan Dynasty over several lifetimes and the lessons he had learned, he could perhaps handle himself when dealing with cultivators at the Nascent Soul stage and below. But when facing those old monsters who had survived from the ancient calamities and lived to this day, he might be a little overwhelmed and still inexperienced.

More importantly, in front of these true powerhouses, he might not even have the opportunity to use the “Truth.” To contend with them, besides cultivation, mental strength and experience were also crucial.

By constantly experiencing the fragments of history in his mind, which mimicked the “Age,” he could perhaps make up for his shortcomings in this area.

…

The Museum of Divine Treasures housed countless treasures. Under Bing Yin’s guidance, Li Fan skimmed through the collections of the Xuanhuang Realm. In addition to the “Glorious Age” area, the museum had several other areas:

“Heroes of Glory” primarily displayed items related to cultivators who had left their mark on the history of the Xuanhuang Realm.

Mountain of Corpses, Sea of Blood: It was originally just an ordinary iron blade. After the Great Calamity arrived, its owner carried this weapon and slaughtered countless cultivators. The blood stained the blade crimson, and the Spirit, even after thousands of years, remained undissipated. After countless killings, its owner survived. But ironically, this weapon was found in the stomach of a subterranean beast. Its owner was only left with his bones, clutching the “Mountain of Corpses, Sea of Blood” in death, full of resentment.

Banner of Ten Thousand Heads: A magic weapon that emitted a foul odor, forged from ten thousand heads. These heads all belonged to the same sect: the Soul-Sealing Sect. The creator of the Banner of Ten Thousand Heads was also from the Soul-Sealing Sect. When the Great Calamity arrived, he slaughtered all his fellow sect members and forged them into a magic weapon, an act of extreme cruelty. Unfortunately, such a person ultimately did not survive the Great Dark Age. This magic weapon became someone else’s spoils of war. It was passed down for a thousand years and eventually ended up in the hands of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

…

The “Shifting Sands of Time” area showcased the various terrain changes that had occurred in the Xuanhuang Realm over thousands of years. Li Fan was astonished. The kind of changes in mountains and seas like the Cong Yun Sea were commonplace. The Heavenly River fell to the earth, mountains split open to create deep valleys. Even two states merged together in the blink of an eye. Li Fan couldn’t help but feel that he was a bit narrow-minded.

…

The “Clash of Ten Thousand Techniques” area displayed various cultivation techniques that had appeared in the history of the Xuanhuang Realm. Of course, only the relevant introductions were available, not the specific content of the techniques. Even so, Li Fan was captivated and couldn’t tear himself away.

…

Li Fan was immersed in it, unable to extricate himself. He lost track of time. As these astronomical numbers of objects from thousands of years ago appeared before him, the image of the Xuanhuang Realm gradually became vivid in his mind. It was no longer an empty concept but was imbued with the thickness of history.

Slowly, he finally reached the central area of the Museum of Divine Treasures. The most eye-catching thing was a large empty space in the center. Apart from a human skull, there was nothing else.

Bing Yin pointed at the skull and said, “This is the skull of the legendary first cultivator who was infected with the Immortal Mortal Miasma. I don’t know what’s so precious about it, but the Curator specifically designated that it should be placed…”

“Huh? What’s wrong with you?”

Bing Yin looked at Li Fan beside him with some surprise. He saw Li Fan suddenly close his eyes, as if he was in great pain, his whole body trembling violently. Beads of sweat kept dripping from his body.

“Are you alright?”

Seeing Li Fan’s condition worsen, Bing Yin couldn’t help but feel uneasy.

Li Fan managed to force a smile, shaking his head slightly to indicate that he was fine. But he couldn’t bring himself to open his bloodshot eyes.

“Discoverable absorbable item: ‘Eternal Remnant.'”

“Absorb?”

“Discoverable absorbable item: ‘Eternal Remnant.'”

“Absorb?”

“Absorb?”

“Absorb?”

…

The “Truth’s” prompts echoed incessantly in Li Fan’s mind, as if they were out of control. The sound grew louder and louder, almost completely consuming his mind. He felt an indescribable hunger that was destroying his sanity.

He had experienced this hunger when he saw the Eternal Remnant of Tian Yang Zhenren. But now, the intensity of this desire was a hundred, a thousand times stronger than what he had felt when facing Tian Yang’s Eternal Remnant!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 413


“Hurry and devour this Eternal Remnant, then Truth, run!”

“To be placed in the center of the Museum of Divine Treasures, this skull must be extraordinary. Quickly devour its remnant, you will surely uncover the secrets it holds!”

“Act quickly!”

“Take it and leave, no one can stop you!”

…

Amidst Truth’s increasingly urgent urging, thoughts arose one after another, surging within Li Fan’s mind. They whispered in his ear, constantly tempting him.

For a moment, Li Fan was truly on the verge of succumbing, about to act. But ultimately, with immense willpower, he forcibly suppressed this urge.

He recalled the scene when he absorbed Tian Yang Zhenren’s Eternal Remnant. First, he felt the surrounding space becoming somewhat illusory. Then, Tian Yang’s skeletal remains were decomposed into a brilliant white light, gradually absorbed by him. His mind was jolted violently, and he lost consciousness. After seemingly experiencing Tian Yang’s long life firsthand, Truth’s prompt finally arrived. Finally, the Eternal Remnant was fully absorbed.

Based on his experiences, Li Fan quickly made his judgment. Absorbing an Eternal Remnant would cause a considerable commotion. Not only would it result in the disappearance of the remnant’s host, but the white light representing the Eternal Remnant would also precisely mark Li Fan, the culprit, as the one who absorbed it.

The absorption of an Eternal Remnant was not instantaneous, but required a certain amount of time. Moreover, during this process, he might temporarily lose consciousness due to the impact of the remnant’s owner’s lingering imprint.

Realizing these points, Li Fan made a swift decision. He couldn’t absorb this skull’s Eternal Remnant! If he recklessly attempted to absorb it, it would be tantamount to seeking death! Don’t let the empty space around the skull fool you, making it seem completely undefended.

But where was this place? The headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the Museum of Divine Treasures, where countless treasures were collected. The most central area of the Museum. Could there be no hidden defenses here? That was simply ludicrous. Li Fan was certain that if he were swayed by greed and foolishly absorbed the Eternal Remnant, the next moment he would be caught in a web of countless traps and restrictions, and then apprehended for study.

Perhaps, there was a slim possibility that this skull was truly unguarded. But… Li Fan wouldn’t gamble. Because if he failed, it would mean eternal ruin. And this Eternal Remnant, according to Truth’s previous hints, could be repeatedly used after each restart, once Li Fan found its carrier again. Its essence was no different from the Dao Transformation Stone in Yi Xing’s tomb, both were repeatable items. What completely dispelled Li Fan’s thoughts of absorption was that the Eternal Remnant couldn’t be bound to Truth. After acquiring it, Truth couldn’t bring it back. Taking such a high risk would inevitably be a futile endeavor.

…

After analyzing the known information, Li Fan should have completely abandoned the idea of absorbing this Eternal Remnant with a rational assessment. But its allure to Truth was so strong. The high walls of reason were simply no match for it. The Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra spun frantically, Li Fan desperately suppressing the surging desire. So, he requested that Guide Bing Yin take him to rest, away from the skull. Bing Yin nodded in understanding, even kindly offering to support Li Fan. To disguise his abnormality and distract himself, Li Fan took the initiative to start a conversation: “Senior Bing Yin, you mentioned earlier that this skull was specifically placed in the central location by the curator of the Museum?”

“Yes, it’s quite strange. There are countless treasures in the Museum, but it’s unknown why the Curator favors this one so much,” Bing Yin replied.

“It seems that the Curator might be able to sense the remnant contained within it,” Li Fan mused. He casually asked, “I wonder which senior from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is the Curator? I don’t seem to have heard of them before.” Bing Yin smiled, “It’s normal that you don’t know. The Curator is a reclusive figure, always keeping a low profile. Even us Guides find it difficult to meet him.” “But if we were to rank by seniority, I doubt there are many in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance who would dare say they are above the Curator.” Bing Yin said with a hint of pride.

“Oh?” Li Fan couldn’t help but be curious.

Bing Yin lowered his voice, “The Curator has been in existence since the distant ancient times, when the human race was not yet flourishing. That was a long time ago, before the rise of all things.” “Almost everything in the world is within his purview. He is considered to be omniscient and omnipresent.” Bing Yin’s admiration was evident.

Li Fan found the other’s words familiar. “He is a symbol of longevity and wisdom. We revere him as Emperor San, the Immortal Sage.” Bing Yin said slowly.

Li Fan’s expression shifted slightly, he thought to himself, “Emperor San…貘 (貘, Mo, a mythical beast)?”

Bing Yin, however, didn’t notice Li Fan’s change, continuing to extol the virtues of the old Curator, how learned and wise he was. After they arrived at the rest room, he was still somewhat reluctant to stop. But seeing Li Fan’s poor physical condition, he wisely refrained. “Rest assured and relax here.”

“The Museum of Divine Treasures is vast, you won’t be able to see it all in a short time.” “This is a dedicated resting place for visitors, don’t worry about being disturbed.” Bing Yin gave his instructions and, seeing Li Fan gradually recover, left behind the control jade token and departed.

Li Fan manipulated the jade token, activating the restriction to completely seal the rest room. Deep within the secret chamber, the strange skull also disappeared from his perception, his trembling body finally calming down. It felt like the aftermath of a great battle, Li Fan felt his body drained.

His already aging body was now even worse. “Eternal Remnant…” Li Fan, now calm, pondered the reason behind Truth’s unusual behavior. Humans feel hungry because they need to eat to replenish the energy necessary for survival. But Truth actually had a desire to eat. This could only mean that something useful to Truth could be obtained from the Eternal Remnant.

Let’s set aside the skull in the Museum of Divine Treasures for now. What in Tian Yang Zhenren’s remnant would Truth need?

“Special: Eternal Remnant (Tian Yang) (Usable times: 1)”

Li Fan looked at the information on Truth’s panel and made a decision. He took out materials from his storage ring and set up a ritual to enter the Fallen Immortal Realm, using it as a diversion. Then, Li Fan consumed the last use of the Eternal Remnant, activating Truth’s mimicry function. After a bout of dizziness, a voice rang in Li Fan’s ears: “Tian Yang, it’s time for your medicine…” The voice of his master, Guang yangzi, echoed in Li Fan’s ears.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 414


After swallowing the medicine, Li Fan felt a little more energized.

Using the medicinal effect as a springboard, he activated a trace of hidden power within his body.

“Pu!”

He coughed up a mouthful of fresh blood, which startled his master, Guang Yangzi.

At the same time, the Creation Forge Art began to circulate.

Guang yangzi hurriedly went back to prepare more medicinal herbs for Li Fan.

Li Fan, taking advantage of this opportunity, carefully examined his physical condition.

Recalling the relevant case records in the Heavenly Doctor’s Immortal Scripture, he pondered countermeasures.

His body was incredibly weak, and after only a short while, he felt dizzy and lightheaded.

He had no choice but to clear his mind and rest.

Once he regained a bit of strength, he continued to contemplate.

This went on for three days.

Li Fan, drawing on the Heavenly Doctor’s Immortal Scripture, modified the prescription he had taken during the second stage of his “擬化” (Imitation).

After much persuasion, he finally convinced Guang yangzi to change the medicine.

The new prescription proved to be exceptionally effective.

Coupled with the Creation Forge Art continuously improving his physique, within two months, Li Fan was able to walk with difficulty.

“Little Junior Brother, you are truly amazing! The prescription actually worked! How did you know about it?” His second senior brother, Lingxiao, asked as he helped Li Fan to his feet.

“It just appeared in my mind!” Li Fan said with wide eyes, filled with innocence.

“Little Junior Brother is extraordinary! Perhaps he is the hope for the revival of our Body Transformation Dao!” Their third senior brother, Lian chang, couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration.

Li Fan chuckled foolishly.

“The first step has been successful.

The key now is to become stronger than Senior Brother Si Xing within the next six years, before the arrival of the Summoning Immortal Order.

To replace him in the war and prevent him from witnessing the tragic sight of the Body Transformation Dao disciples dying one after another.

This is the obsession of Tian Yang.” Li Fan thought to himself.

“Senior Brother Si Xing is at the Golden Core stage. To surpass him within six years, relying on conventional cultivation would be a fool’s dream.

I have to find another way.” Li Fan’s eyes flickered.

One day, he privately approached his master, Guang Yangzi.

“Self Body Transformation?” Guang Yangzi’s expression changed drastically when confronted with his junior disciple’s question.

“Where did you hear that? Did Lingxiao, that little rascal, start spreading rumors again?” Guang Yangzi fumed, his beard bristling and his eyes narrowed.

“Master, I came up with it myself,” Li Fan said earnestly.

“The Body Transformation Dao’s cultivation technique, “Transforming into Others at Will,” is extraordinary in its ability to utilize external objects.

But I suddenly wondered, what exactly constitutes an external object?

Senior Brother’s sword, Second Senior Brother’s brush, Third Senior Brother’s bell, these are all external objects.

So, can this frail body of mine be considered an external object?

Through continuous refinement with the technique, the “Transformed Objects” of my senior brothers become increasingly powerful. If I can treat my own body as a “Transformed Object,” wouldn’t that mean I can change my physique?

I won’t be as weak as I am now.” Li Fan stated each word clearly.

Guang Yangzi’s expression also shifted continuously.

After a long silence, he sighed.

“Tian Yang, you are truly a genius! At such a young age, you have such insight. You are truly…”

Guang Yangzi stroked Tian Yang’s head, his voice filled with a hint of relief. “Having a disciple like you, our Body Transformation Dao will surely prosper!”

“Indeed, cultivating the “Transforming into Others at Will” technique can achieve “Self Body Transformation.”

But…” Guang Yangzi’s expression suddenly turned serious as he looked at Li Fan, his voice heavy. “However, my disciple, you must never try it.”

Li Fan tilted his head up to look at his master, his young face filled with confusion. “Why, Master?”

Guang Yangzi’s expression seemed to wander, as if lost in thought for a moment. Then, he explained to Li Fan, “The most important aspect of “Transforming into Others at Will” is “Unification of Self and Object.”

“Self Body Transformation, in theory, is indeed feasible. It’s the most perfect choice of the technique.

But…”

Guang Yangzi sighed.

“It’s too difficult! Too difficult!”

“Compared to ordinary objects, the human body is incredibly complex.

Objects can be continuously experimented with to achieve a higher degree of compatibility with the self. If mistakes occur during cultivation, only the transformed object is damaged.

But with Self Body Transformation, you must constantly use your own physical body as the experimental ground.

The slightest error will result in serious injury.

Physical damage is one thing. The most terrifying aspect is the damage to the spirit.

Guang Yangzi’s eyes flashed with a hint of sadness. “Once, I had a brilliant senior brother. His talent was unmatched, the highest I had ever seen.

He was considered the “First Person of the Body Transformation Dao in a Thousand Years,” with great expectations placed on him by our master.

However, he was arrogant and believed he could succeed in cultivating “Self Body Transformation.”

He ignored everyone’s advice and forcefully cultivated.

The result…”

Guang Yangzi paused.

“Initially, he was just a bit erratic, and everyone was trying to heal him.

But later, his madness worsened. He couldn’t distinguish between reality and fantasy.

One night, he went on a rampage.

The number of casualties was countless.

From that day forward, our Body Transformation Dao declined…”

Speaking of this, Guang Yangzi shook his head slightly.

“So, my dear disciple, remember this. You must never try it!” Guang Yangzi warned with utmost seriousness.

Li Fan nodded repeatedly. “Yes! I understand, Master!”

After bidding farewell to Guang Yangzi, Li Fan returned to his room.

After much deliberation, Li Fan abandoned his plan to forcibly cultivate Self Body Transformation.

Just like “Self-Foundation Establishment,” this Self Body Transformation was not something ordinary people could achieve.

Judging from Master Tian Yang’s later situation, he also did not choose this path.

“Puppet…”

Recalling the Nascent Soul puppet from years later, Li Fan gradually formed a plan in his mind.

The next day, Li Fan approached his senior brothers and told them he wanted a puppet.

“Don’t worry, Little Junior Brother. Leave it to me! Lately, I’ve been overflowing with inspiration, my penmanship is superb, and I’ve written several books. They are the pinnacle of my career!” Second Senior Brother Lingxiao assured him, thumping his chest. “I’ll go to the market and sell them, then choose the most handsome puppet for you!”

…

A few days later, Li Fan got his wish and obtained a mechanical puppet.

Lingxiao beamed with pride. “Little Junior Brother, this puppet is said to be at the Golden Core level. It took me a lot of effort to buy it from someone!”

“Senior Brother, you are amazing! Thank you, Senior Brother!” Li Fan complimented him before grabbing the puppet and dashing off without a trace.

“Little Junior Brother’s body seems to be recovering better and better!” Lingxiao remarked with a sigh.

Inside his private chamber, Li Fan placed the puppet in front of him and cut a wound on his hand.

He dripped his fresh blood onto the puppet.

Simultaneously, he activated the “Transforming into Others at Will” technique, refining the puppet while sensing the subtle changes occurring within it.

Li Fan had abandoned the idea of Self Body Transformation.

But he hadn’t given up entirely.

His plan could be seen as a form of Self Body Transformation under special circumstances.

It was even more extreme.

That is, to abandon this physical body and completely transform himself into a puppet.

Just like the real Master Tian Yang did in history.

However, Tian Yang later chose to absorb earthfire to refine and enhance the puppet.

Li Fan’s solution, however, was to become a puppet and then achieve Self Body Transformation.

Undoubtedly, this was a self-destructive approach.

The gap between a Golden Core puppet and the human body’s limit was immeasurable.

But for Li Fan, who desperately wanted to increase his combat strength, it was the best option.

Cultivating “Self Body Transformation” with a puppet body significantly reduced the difficulty.

First, the precision of a puppet was far less than that of the human body, making it easier to achieve “Unification of Self and Object.”

Second, there was no need to worry about self-injury.

Repairing a puppet was much easier, as long as materials were plentiful.

And once the puppet completed its “Self Body Transformation” cultivation, the combat power it could unleash in the state of unification would be several times stronger than simply using the puppet as a “Transformed Object.”

“The first step is to shed my physical body and merge with the puppet.”

Li Fan’s execution of this technique from “Transforming into Others at Will” was exceptionally smooth.

“It must be because Tian Yang’s body was a premature birth, and his soul and body were not very harmonious,” Li Fan mused.

Thus, Li Fan began his personal cultivation plan, concealing it from the other Body Transformation Dao disciples.

This plan was too bizarre, even Guang Yangzi did not notice the changes happening to his junior disciple.

He simply thought Li Fan was incredibly fond of the puppet Lingxiao had bought for him, to the point of never leaving it behind.

Time flew by.

Six years passed in the blink of an eye.

The Summoning Immortal Bell rang, and the Summoning Immortal Order arrived.

The three Body Transformation Dao disciples argued about who should go to answer the call.

At that moment, Li Fan, along with his puppet, suddenly appeared before them.

“Senior Brother Si Xing, Senior Brother Lingxiao, Senior Brother Lianchang.

I think I should go.”

Lingxiao, Lianchang, and Si Xing were utterly dumbfounded as they looked at Li Fan with his serious expression.

“Little Junior Brother, what are you saying? This isn’t a game…” Lingxiao began, but then he froze.

Because the puppet standing behind Li Fan had spoken those words.

“Bang! Bang!”

The puppet took a step forward, approaching the three senior brothers.

“Going to war is a matter of life and death. If someone has to go, it should be the strongest among us!

Senior Brothers, what do you think?”

Li Fan looked at Senior Brother Si Xing, Lingxiao, and Lianchang, asking softly.

“Tian Yang! You! You’re being reckless!” Guang Yangzi was the first to see the changes that had occurred to Li Fan.

His face turned pale, and he wanted to step forward, but he stopped as if he had thought of something.

His slightly trembling hands betrayed the turmoil within him.

“You… you knew this day would come?”

Guang Yangzi asked in a stammer.

Li Fan smiled but did not answer.

He looked at his senior brothers. “Please, Senior Brothers, enlighten me!”

The three senior brothers gradually recovered from their shock.

Looking at their junior brother’s transformed puppet body, their eyes were filled with regret and sorrow.

For a moment, they stood there speechless.

It was Senior Brother Si Xing who finally took action.

He summoned his own blade, thin as a cicada’s wing and emerald green, and pointed it at Li Fan.

“Junior Brother, this matter is best left to me.

How can a senior brother let his junior brother go to his death?!”

Li Fan’s figure flickered, and he punched, landing beside his senior brother.

“Senior Brother, don’t underestimate me!”

Sensing the immense force of the blow, Si Xing’s face changed slightly.

His green blade danced, attempting to block Li Fan.

But the blade, which was usually invincible, left no mark whatsoever on Li Fan’s body.

This puppet’s body was not only extremely hard.

It was also several times faster than an ordinary Golden Core cultivator.

His movements were large and open, and various strange and unusual mechanisms shot out from different parts of his body.

For a while, Si Xing could only dodge clumsily.

“Junior Brother Tian Yang, it seems you’ve put in a lot of effort. But even so, I cannot let you go in my place!”

“Be careful!”

Si Xing eyebrows rose, and his figure turned into a stream of light, merging with the green blade.

“Zheng!”

The blade trembled slightly, emitting a clear chime.

Then, the blade’s body, like flowing water, extended forward and backward.

“Sword Water Heavenly Heart!”

Senior Brother Si Xing’s voice rang out from within the blade.

The water-like sword energy arrived instantly.

Upon striking Li Fan’s puppet body, it did not dissipate like before.

Instead, it reflected back like light.

It flowed in the air for a moment, then instantly changed direction, attacking Li Fan from the other side.

It was still deflected by Li Fan’s hard body.

It arched and returned in an instant.

The flowing sword energy became increasingly faster, appearing like a massive water net slowly enveloping the bulky puppet in its center.

Currently, Li Fan was only a puppet body, and most of his divine powers were unusable.

Under Si Xing’s relentless attack, Li Fan gradually fell into a disadvantage.

“Ancient cultivators are truly formidable.” Li Fan thought to himself, his expression turning serious.

The puppet let out a roar that shook the heavens, its body emitting a crimson glow.

It vibrated and transformed, instantly changing from a humanoid form to a giant hand.

It skillfully bypassed the sword energy blockade of the Sword Water Heavenly Heart, reaching above the water net.

It expanded further.

The shadow it cast enveloped all the water swords, then pressed down on them.

This was the “Overturning Heaven Palm” he had comprehended.

Executed with the puppet’s massive body, it had a sense of overwhelming power.

“Such divine power!”

Senior Brother Si Xing exclaimed in excitement.

“I have a move as well. Please enlighten me, Junior Brother!”

“Heavenly Will Like Water, Formless and Supreme!”

“Sword Name: Heavenly Form!”

The water swords flowing beneath the Overturning Heaven Palm instantly vanished.

But Li Fan felt a strange sense of danger.

“Swoosh!”

Invisible sword energy flashed.

Before the giant hand could press down, a thin cut appeared on its back.

Li Fan fixed his gaze on the surrounding space.

But he couldn’t find Si Xing’ trace.

Another sword cut emerged.

Li Fan channeled his spiritual energy, attempting to heal his injury.

However, he discovered that the sword cut seemed to have invisible sword energy attached to it, preventing the wound from healing.

The sword cuts appeared faster and faster.

In an instant, Li Fan’s body was covered in wounds.

“Little Junior Brother, surrender!”

Senior Brother Si Xing’s voice echoed from all directions.

But he remained invisible.

“Senior Brother’s divine powers are truly amazing!”

Li Fan sincerely praised him.

“But…”

Li Fan suddenly raised his voice.

“I have one more move. If Senior Brother can block it, I’ll surrender immediately!”

“Good! I’ll be waiting!” Si Xing replied.

Li Fan suppressed his momentum.

After a moment, he said to his second senior brother, Lingxiao, “Senior Brother Lingxiao, please lend me your brush!”

“Ah?” Lingxiao was initially stunned.

“Oh, alright!” Then, a brush flew towards him, which Li Fan grasped.

He poured his spiritual energy into it, and with a single stroke, he wrote in the air.

It was…

The character “乱” (Chaos).

The moment the character descended, terrifying cracks suddenly appeared on Li Fan’s body.

He could no longer maintain the form of a giant hand and reverted back to his humanoid puppet form, falling to the ground.

“This kind of consumption…”

Li Fan was slightly horrified.

The hard body made of special stones was disintegrating.

Many parts were shattering directly.

This was the divine power Li Fan had comprehended from the “Chaos Stone” in the Maze. Its power far exceeded his expectations.

The caster was suffering such terrible side effects.

Not to mention Senior Brother Si Xing, who was directly facing the “Chaos” character.

His Heavenly Form state retreated, and he emerged clumsily.

But in the face of “Chaos,” he was unable to move.

His spiritual energy went berserk, beyond his control.

His transformed object, the green blade, was also flying around like a headless chicken.

“Pu!”

Si Xing’s arm bent in an unnatural direction, and a look of horror flashed in his eyes.

Because he realized that this change was about to happen all over his body.

“Enough!”

At that critical moment, Guang Yangzi finally intervened.

His transformed object was a willow tree.

The green willow stood in front of Si XIng, its branches wildly whipping around.

After a long time, everything gradually calmed down.

The willow tree disappeared, and the back of Guang Yangzi’s hand, which was hidden behind his back, trembled slightly.

Si Xing looked at Li Fan, who was also severely injured and lying on the ground, his eyes filled with a mixture of emotions.

“You won, Junior Brother,” he said softly.

Li Fan breathed a sigh of relief.

“Tian Yang, that move you just…” Guang Yangzi looked at his junior disciple, unable to finish his sentence.

After a moment, he sighed and gave up asking.

“Never mind. I can see that you have a big secret.

But you’re willing to join our Body Transformation Dao, which is a blessing for our declining sect.”

Guang Yangzi, disheartened, waved his hand and left.

Si Xing, for a while, didn’t know what to say.

Only Second Senior Brother Lingxiao was shouting and fussing, hurriedly treating Li Fan’s wounds.

…

A puppet body, as long as there were enough materials, could easily heal from even the most serious injuries.

Lingxiao went back to the market and returned shortly after, and Li Fan was healed.

Under the gaze of Master Guang Yangzi and his three senior brothers, Li Fan, accompanied by the Summoning Immortal Envoy who had come to urge him on, left the Body Transformation Dao.

He set off for the battlefield.

The surrounding scenery suddenly froze.

Then, like shattered glass, it exploded.

Turning into specks of light, they all poured into Li Fan’s mind.

Thousands of years ago, Tian Yang True Man’s memories, clear and vivid, surfaced.

Including the “Transforming into Others at Will” technique, the puppet-making methods, and even the “Earthfire Ascending Yuan Formation” for refining and upgrading puppet levels, all of them were as if he had experienced them personally, firmly imprinted in his memory.

But Li Fan had no time to examine these things at the moment.

Because his mind was completely captured by the prompt from “Truth.”

“Though dead, still alive, true spirit undying.”

“Transforming into Objects, traversing the ages.”

“The “Overhaul” function has been unlocked.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 415


Li Fan’s heart pounded with excitement.

After fulfilling the last wish of the Tian Yang, not only had he gained a lot himself, but 【Truth】 had also unlocked new functions.

No wonder 【Truth】 had felt a sense of hunger when he encountered the Eternal Remnant.

Li Fan immediately began to carefully study this so-called 【Overhaul】.

Moments later, his brow furrowed slightly.

“Consumes 100% of the Overhaul Charge progress, abandons the physical body’s existence, and completely entrusts one’s true spirit to an object…”

“After becoming an object, one cannot retain autonomous consciousness, only a trace of 【Spirituality】 will remain.”

“Correspondingly, the duration of existence will be greatly enhanced.”

“When the duration of existence reaches its limit, the 【Truth】 function will automatically activate, returning to the previously set anchor point.”

“…”

“What’s the use of this?”

Li Fan was initially a little disappointed.

However, after careful consideration, he vaguely understood the usage of 【Transformation】.

The most basic use was that when one’s lifespan was about to end and death was imminent, they could still use the method of body transformation to remain in the world and collect information.

Although they might not be able to know the specific details of many events clearly, understanding the general trend of the world’s affairs shouldn’t be difficult as long as they entrusted the task to a reliable person.

Moreover, according to 【Truth】’s feedback, if Li Fan activated 【Overhaul】 now, it could last for nearly three thousand years.

Even if the lifespan might be shortened due to damage to the transformed object, it was still enough to greatly enhance Li Fan’s ability to see into the future.

This would allow him to better plan for his next life.

Those who could leave their mark on history for a thousand years were definitely not ordinary people.

They were true heroes.

He would remember their names and invest in them when he returned.

This was far more efficient than Li Fan’s previous method of slowly gathering talented individuals within a single province, relying solely on his own contacts and hearsay.

Li Fan was secretly excited.

“For example, I could use this to understand what will happen to the Xuanhuang Realm under the cover of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array…”

To be cautious, Li Fan once again confirmed the many details of 【Transformation】.

“【Body Transformation】 and 【Void Transformation】 are powers of the same level. After Body Transformation, as long as one cannot resist the Void Transformation power of 【Truth】, then they cannot distinguish the trace of true spirit entrusted to the object.”

“After Body Transformation, the Overhaul Charge progress will still increase automatically, and the upper limit will be increased to 1000%, greatly enhancing self-defense capabilities.”

“Besides the duration of existence reaching its limit, when the transformed object encounters the danger of complete destruction, it will also trigger automatic Truth Return.”

…

Soon, Li Fan made a decision in his heart.

The safety of this 【Overhaul】 function was still guaranteed.

“Just right, my lifespan in this life is about to end, and with the identity of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array formation master, even if I can live a few more years, my freedom will be restricted.”

“It’s better to transform my body into an object and shed my mortal shell. Then I can quietly watch the world change.”

“But before that, I need to choose the object of transformation and the person to entrust it to.”

Li Fan scanned his storage ring.

His gaze stopped on a crystal-clear disc.

“【Formation Breaking Disc】, specially made by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s Formation Hall, a formation breaking artifact equipped for Nascent Soul and above formation masters.”

“It was the reward for being in the top 100 during the final assessment at the Universal Branch Academy.”

“However, I’ve been busy building the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array all these years, so I haven’t used this thing much.”

“Compared to other things of unknown origin, this artifact from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance itself will definitely arouse less suspicion.”

“Next, I need to consider how to deliver this Formation Breaking Disc to the designated person.”

Li Fan pondered in his secret room.

Time slowly passed.

During this time, Li Fan received messages from Huangfu Song, Qi Buyi, and even Ji Hongdao.

They asked when he would come out of the Museum of Divine Treasures.

They wanted him to go directly to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s headquarters’ Formation Hall after coming out, as the reward for ranking second in the Grand Competition was ready.

He could go and claim it anytime.

Besides that, the life-extending treasure had also been prepared, just waiting for him to come.

Li Fan just sneered and didn’t reply.

He wasn’t afraid of them coming to his door and forcibly taking him away.

There was a region called 【Xuanhuang Myriad Images】 inside the Museum of Divine Treasures.

It preserved a sample of every living creature in the Xuanhuang Realm, frozen in ice.

When Li Fan visited, he had vaguely guessed, thinking about the Immortal Ruins above the Xuanhuang Realm that devoured everything.

This so-called 【Museum of Divine Treasures】 was more like a place to preserve the world’s seed than a museum.

If the Xuanhuang Realm really met its destruction one day, this place would probably bear the responsibility of preserving the civilization’s seed, hoping to rebuild in the future.

Later, he asked the tour guide Bing Yin, and sure enough, it was true.

The Divine Treasures Museum had a very special status, and all disputes were prohibited within it.

Even the Formation Hall didn’t have the authority to come and forcibly take anyone away.

As long as Li Fan stayed inside and didn’t go out, Ji Hongdao and the others couldn’t do anything to him.

Before 【Overhaul】, Li Fan checked the situation on his clone’s side.

Han Yi was exploring the Tian du Ruins with him, full of hope.

Not only did they find nothing, but they also encountered many inexplicable dangers along the way.

Both of them were seriously injured and returned to Yuan dao City to recuperate.

On the way back, Han Yi kept looking at the clone Xiao Fan with suspicion, several times wanting to say something but stopping himself.

“Too bad, I thought I could gain something through this person’s luck.”

Li Fan thought this, shaking his head slightly.

Then he controlled his clone, returning alone to the Tian du Ruins he had explored before.

He found a restriction and willingly sent himself to his death, ending the clone’s life.

…

“With this, I can carry out my next plan.”

Li Fan’s eyes flickered.

As 【Overhaul】 activated, a trace of true spirit entered the 【Formation Breaking Disc】 in his storage ring.

Li Fan’s consciousness suddenly went black.

At the same time, his aura quickly weakened.

At the same time, He Zhenghao in Tianyun Province and Huangfu Song in Tianyu Province both received Li Fan’s last message.

“A su*cide note?”

Huangfu Song’s face changed, full of disbelief.

He hurriedly contacted Ji Hongdao.

Half a day later, when Qi Buyi and Huangfu Song rushed over, they saw Li Fan’s corpse.

“He just died like that?”

Huangfu Song was stunned.

Qi Buyi looked serious and went forward to examine the body, nodding.

The two looked at each other, speechless.

“I noticed he wasn’t looking well before. He said he was fine and just needed to rest. But…” Tour guide Bing Yin shook his head and sighed.

Huangfu Song transmitted his voice, “What do we do now?”

“The person is dead, what else can we do?” Qi Buyi looked at him with displeasure and left with a flick of his sleeve.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 416


“This…”

Li Fan’s bold words from his gamble in the Abyss of Roars seemed to still echo in everyone’s ears. But this cultivator, who was brimming with ambition and seemed to have a powerful background, had died so suddenly.

He only had time to leave behind an incomplete letter before he passed away.

Thinking of this, Huangfu Song felt a wave of emotion, followed by a surge of confusion.

“This fellow, doesn’t seem like someone who would die so easily…”

His eyes narrowed as he approached Li Fan’s body.

He carefully examined it once more.

A moment later.

“He’s truly dead.”

Huangfu Song’s face was complex.

“Good thing he’s dead. It saves those above the trouble of figuring out what to do with him.”

His gaze fell upon the storage ring on Li Fan’s hand, and recalling the contents of Li Fan’s transmission, Huangfu Song couldn’t help but feel a surge of excitement.

“My cultivation journey has spanned a mere hundred years, and I have only met two or three true friends.”

“He Zhenhao is one, Xue Mu is another, and Huangfu Song counts as half.”

“Though my body now lies still, I leave behind a million contribution points, a Transformation Longevity Fruit, and some spirit stones and artifacts.”

“Fellow Daoists may take them as you please.”

…

“This little fellow’s wealth is truly frightening.”

“A million contribution points is fine, but that Transformation Longevity Fruit is truly a good thing.”

A flash of greed crossed Huangfu Song’s eyes, and he entertained the thought of keeping it all for himself.

At that moment, a commotion and cries of grief came from outside the secluded chamber.

“Brother Li Fan, how could you die so suddenly! How am I to repay the kindness you showed me all those years ago!”

A figure arrived beside Li Fan’s corpse. After taking a moment to confirm, they lunged forward, embracing the body and wailing.

This person was dressed in the attire of the Garrison Corps, and the other cultivator beside him was someone Huangfu Song also recognized.

The Garrison Corps Commander of Tianyun Province, Daoist Jing Xuan .

This person was a direct subordinate of the former commander, Lu Junyi.

After Lu Junyi was promoted to the position of Garrison Corps General Commander of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, this person also rose quickly through the ranks.

Although his position was higher than Huangfu Song’s, the Garrison Corps and the Formation Deployment Hall were not under the same department.

Huangfu Song had no fear of him.

Out of courtesy, he bowed.

Jing Xuan nodded, gazing at Li Fan’s body and letting out a sigh.

With the Garrison Corps involved, Huangfu Song’s selfish ambition of keeping Li Fan’s inheritance for himself was dashed.

According to procedure, the items within Li Fan’s storage ring were inspected, and no abnormalities were found.

The items were then divided equally between Huangfu Song and He Zhenghao.

As for Xue Mu…

Huangfu Song claimed that he had attempted to betray and flee to the Five Elders Association, but was caught and subsequently killed.

Jing Xuan investigated and found that this was indeed the case.

He did not inquire further.

One million six hundred and eighty thousand contribution points were Li Fan’s life savings.

He Zhenghao received a clean one million, while the remainder went to Huangfu Song.

Correspondingly, the Transformation Longevity Fruit belonged to Huangfu Song.

The remaining spirit stones and artifacts were given to He Zhenghao.

Except for a “Formation Breaking Disc”, the rest were not of great value.

Both Huangfu Song and He Zhenghao were satisfied with the division of the inheritance.

After witnessing Li Fan’s body being cremated, the two parted ways.

Back in Tianyun Province, He Zhenghao, who had become suddenly rich overnight, felt a mix of sadness and confusion.

He recalled the contents of Li Fan’s letter.

“…There is something I have been keeping from you, fellow Daoist.”

“In truth, I am not a cultivator from Yuandao Province, but a mortal from a subworld.”

“Back then, it was you, Daoist He, who helped me sneak out of the subworld.”

“Hehe, but I imagine you wouldn’t care about those mortals from back then.”

Thinking about this, He Zhenghao couldn’t help but blush.

Over the years, he had smuggled thousands of subworld mortals through his hands.

And with He Zhenghao’s personality, how could he possibly care about what those mortals looked like.

“So, Brother Li Fan and I actually had such a connection.”

“No wonder he always took such good care of me. It all makes sense now!”

“It’s just a pity…”

Thinking about this, He Zhenghao couldn’t help but lament and feel a deep sadness.

After a while, he remembered Li Fan’s final request.

“In Shilin Province, there are descendants of my subworld kin.”

“I hope you can take care of them.”

He Zhenghao looked at the inheritance he had just received and pondered for a moment.

Then, he sighed and took out most of it.

He took a leave of absence, disguised himself, and headed straight for Shilin Province.

…

Xiao Heng was extremely wary of this seemingly out-of-nowhere cultivator from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

However, the spirit stones and artifacts they had brought were genuine.

They also claimed to be acting on the behest of the deceased.

After much deliberation, Xiao Heng assumed it was a legacy from the Skull Elder, so he accepted it.

As for He Zhenghao, according to Li Fan’s will, this group of Offworlders had not only not joined the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, but had also seemingly joined a mysterious organization.

To avoid any connection to them, He Zhenghao simply delivered the inheritance and left in a hurry.

Thus, in the year 41, Li Fan’s transformed “Formation Breaking Disc” successfully reached Xiao Heng through He Zhenghao.

None of the Offworlders were proficient in formations.

They simply treated it as an ordinary formation breaking artifact and left it in their storage rings.

In the year 45, Han Wuyou came of age and successfully established his foundation.

Xiao Heng gave Han Wuyou the Formation Breaking Disc and two other artifacts as gifts.

Han Wuyou was very fond of the Formation Breaking Disc and kept it close by, nourishing it with his heartblood day and night.

In the year 46, Han Wuyou and the “Formation Breaking Disc” established a strange connection.

A flood of formation knowledge suddenly surged into his mind.

After informing Xiao Heng about this, the Offworlders investigated but couldn’t find any reason for it.

They simply instructed Han Wuyou to keep it safe.

In the year 48, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance announced to the world that within ten years, all cultivators within their territory who had not joined the alliance must join. Those who refused would face the consequences.

The news sparked discontent among many independent cultivators.

The Offworlders, however, received a message from Shuo Feng instructing them to cooperate.

In the year 49, the Thousand-Faced Demon Lord attacked Shilin Province.

Although the Soul Locking Array quickly locked onto its target, it was still not captured.

It rampaged for half a month, killing hundreds of cultivators before calmly withdrawing.

In the year 50, Han Wuyou broke through to the mid-Foundation Establishment stage.

In the year 51, a roar of rage, filled with resentment, suddenly echoed across the distant Yuandao Province.

“Who dares?!”

The reverberations continued for days.

People were horrified to discover that the voice belonged to the long-deceased Blue Feather Immortal Venerable.

Seven days later, the voice dissipated. Blue Feather Immortal Venerable never appeared again.

In the year 53, Linghu Chang of the Medicine King Sect was persuaded by Xiao Heng to join “Rebirth Immortal.”

Linghu Chang and Xiao Heng, along with the others, discovered a former site of the Tianji Sect in the Hundred Stones Cave on the outskirts of Shilin Province.

They obtained several cultivation techniques from it.

In the year 55, an unnatural phenomenon occurred.

Green threads densely covered the sky.

It lasted for three months before disappearing.

People were terrified but did not understand what it meant.



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 417


Year 57, Han Wuyou broke through to the Foundation Establishment Stage, Late Stage.

Year 58, the ten-year period had arrived.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance dispatched a group of black-clad cultivators to begin purging all unallied loose cultivators across the land.

Loose cultivators rose up in resistance, but they crumbled at the first touch.

While the loose cultivators were indeed not very strong, the battle prowess displayed by the black-clad cultivators was truly formidable.

Although their individual strengths were not high, most were at the Nascent Soul Stage, they were incredibly terrifying in actual combat. They could simultaneously engage in combat against ten or more cultivators of the same realm without falling behind.

Their attacks were ruthless, leaving no survivors.

No matter where the loose cultivators hid, the black-clad cultivators could always precisely pinpoint their location, leaving them with nowhere to escape.

For a time, blood flowed endlessly across the land.

After barely repelling a group of black-clad cultivators, the offworlders gathered and decided to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

After practicing the secret technique, “One Hand Covers the Sky”, obtained from the Tianji Sect’s ruins, and through the efforts of Shuo Feng, they successfully passed the Jade Heart-Testing Platform’s test.

They temporarily lay dormant within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Year 60, the war concluded.

Within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s territories, there were no longer any loose cultivators.

Year 61, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance issued a decree:

Maintaining the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array was everyone’s responsibility.

All cultivators within the alliance were required to practice a technique called “Mending the Heavens”.

While this technique did not increase one’s cultivation base, it generated corresponding “Heavenly Gifts” within the Tianxuan Mirror based on the progress achieved.

Similar to Contribution Points, Heavenly Gifts could be exchanged for various techniques and resources.

Despite some grumbling, most cultivators reluctantly followed the requirements and began practicing “Mending the Heavens”.

Year 63, Han Wuyou broke through to the Golden Core Stage.

In the same year, during a secluded cultivation session, he comprehended the “Heavenly Doctor Immortal Scripture” from the Breaking Formation Jade Plate.

Year 65, rumors spread. It seemed as if a barrier had appeared in the world, preventing cultivators from fully absorbing the cultivation base they gained.

A small portion of it disappeared, its whereabouts unknown.

The rumors were quickly suppressed.

The offworlders held a secret meeting, exchanging and verifying information, confirming the truth of the rumors.

Xiao Heng instructed everyone not to spread the word.

The day after the meeting, the offworlders were warned by a group of black-clad cultivators.

Year 69, the Five Elders Association suddenly launched a surprise attack on the Eight Directions Province.

This time, they seemed to have discovered a method to temporarily shield themselves from the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array’s detection.

They swept through the province like a storm, conquering most of its territory within a single day.

Just then, thousands upon thousands of densely packed black-clad cultivators descended, engaging in a bloody battle with the Five Elders Association.

The Five Elders Association’s elite force had a significant advantage in overall strength over the black-clad cultivators.

However, the black-clad cultivators fought with reckless abandon, their numbers seemingly endless. As one fell, another quickly took their place.

In the end, the Five Elders Association was forced to retreat, suffering heavy casualties.

After this battle, cultivators across the land learned the identity of the black-clad cultivators:

“Sky Warlocks”.

Year 71, more information about the Sky Warlocks was leaked.

Unlike the current cultivation system, Sky Warlocks did not need to cultivate. All they needed was to gain recognition from the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array.

They could then leverage its authority, harnessing the energy enveloped by the Soul-Locking Array to engage in combat.

Currently, the highest-level Sky Warlocks were comparable in strength to Nascent Soul Stage cultivators.

Year 72, a strange incident shocked the entire world.

Golden Core Stage cultivator Tang Fangsheng, while clashing with another cultivator, accidentally killed over a hundred ordinary people in Red Dragon City.

Among them, an ordinary person named Shi Qing miraculously survived.

However, his entire family perished in the tragedy.

Shi Qing was consumed by grief and despair.

In his desperation, he prayed to the heavens.

For unknown reasons, he gained recognition from the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array, becoming a Sky Warlock.

In an instant, he achieved the combat strength of a Nascent Soul Stage cultivator and ruthlessly slaughtered his enemy, Tang Fangsheng.

Cultivators who had toiled for hundreds of years were no match for an ordinary person’s simple prayer.

Cultivators across the land were filled with fear and anxiety.

Year 75, Sky Warlocks with the power of a Soul Transformation Stage cultivator emerged.

At the same time, cultivators discovered that their cultivation progress was becoming increasingly slow.

Year 80, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance uncovered a major plot to destroy the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array.

Over a hundred cultivators were executed.

Year 85, Han Wuyou comprehended a technique called “Crucible of Ten Thousand Forms” from the “Heavenly Doctor Immortal Scripture”.

He had thoroughly read the Heavenly Doctor Immortal Scripture, studying the countless different creatures documented within it.

He vaguely noticed a commonality among all living beings.

The world was like a crucible, melting down what was originally one being into the ten thousand forms of the world.

By cultivating this technique, he could achieve free transformation among these ten thousand forms.

As long as he mastered the physiological structure, he could transform into the appearance of plants, animals, or any other creature.

Ordinary cultivators would find it difficult to discern the truth.

Han Wuyou was overjoyed, breaking through to the Golden Core Stage, Middle Stage.

Year 86, the number of Sky Warlocks steadily increased.

Year 90, a natural phenomenon occurred.

Blood rained down across all the provinces, and cries of anguish echoed throughout the heavens.

It continued for months.

Year 91, a Sky Warlock with the power of Dao Integration intervened, suppressing those involved in a plot to overturn the Soul-Locking Array.

Year 101, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance established a clear quota for cultivators practicing “Mending the Heavens”.

Year 139, Han Wuyou received a secret message from Xiao Heng. After arriving at an underground base thirty thousand zhang deep, Han Wuyou learned that in recent years, “Rebirth Immortals” had gathered a large number of like-minded cultivators under the banner of overthrowing the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array.

At the same time, Han Wuyou learned even more shocking news.

Over the past century, countless cultivators had mysteriously disappeared. They were neither seen nor heard from again.

Plenty of evidence pointed to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance as the culprit.

Han Wuyou learned an upgraded version of the “One Hand Covers the Sky” technique, which could interfere with the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array’s surveillance within a certain range.

Year 150, news emerged of an impending merger between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association.

The world was stunned.

Year 159, the Xuanhuang Realm was unified.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association were collectively known as the “Heavenly Alliance”.

A group of Sky Warlocks began constructing the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Array within the former territories of the Five Elders Association.

Year 160, Han Wuyou broke through to the Golden Core Stage, Late Stage.

Year 163, during the construction of the Soul-Locking Array, the “Rebirth Immortals” attempted to assassinate the array masters and obtain the Soul-Locking Array’s structural blueprint.

But their attempt failed, and seventy-eight of them were killed.

Afterwards, the Heavenly Alliance launched a brutal purge.

Many innocent cultivators were killed.

The “Rebirth Immortals” went into complete hiding.

Year 171, the construction of the Soul-Locking Array was completed throughout the entire Xuanhuang Realm.

From that point onwards, the sky permanently took on a green hue.

The Xuanhuang Realm entered a period of relative peace that lasted nearly a century.

The number of Sky Warlocks continued to grow.

However, cultivators’ cultivation speed slowed down drastically.

Their overall numbers also steadily declined each year.

Beneath the apparent tranquility of the Xuanhuang Realm, undercurrents swirled.

Year 260, Han Wuyou broke through to the Nascent Soul Stage.

Year 263, a “Declaration to Cultivators of the World” spread throughout the Xuanhuang Realm overnight.

It marked the beginning of a war between cultivators and the Soul-Locking Array.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 418


In a manifesto spanning ten thousand words, cultivator Gu Xinghan revealed to the world:

Using formations to replace Heaven, stealing its authority.

Like a shadow that follows, monitoring the world.

Draining cultivation, to nourish Tianxuan.

The masses are like cattle and horses, the Dao has no path forward.

…

The manifesto enumerated the evils of the Spirit-Locking Formation, pointing out that the core of the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation was actually the former Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s treasure, the Tianxuan Mirror.

The Tianxuan Mirror, seeking to attain Dao transcendence, was using all the cultivators in the world as sacrifices.

Gu Xinghan called upon all cultivators to unite, shatter the Spirit-Locking Formation, and restore the Xuanhuang Realm to its former glory.

Although the Heavenly Alliance immediately issued a denial, refuting the claims and issuing a “Heavenly Execution Order” against Gu Xinghan.

But over the past hundred years, the strange changes that had occurred in the world since the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation became widespread were undeniable.

The Heavenly Alliance’s denials could not silence the voices of the cultivators.

For a time, cultivators were stirred with anger.

However, the Heavenly Alliance had ruled the Xuanhuang Realm for thousands of years, its authority still strong.

Those who responded to Gu Xinghan’s call and dared to truly stand up in resistance were few and far between.

They were like scattered stars, quickly suppressed by the Heavenly Alliance’s dispatched Sky Warlocks.

But Gu Xinghan was never caught.

His efforts were not entirely in vain.

The seeds of doubt had been sown.

Cultivators became more wary of the Tianxuan Mirror and the Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation.

Cultivators across the Xuanhuang Realm began to secretly research methods to avoid the Tianxuan Mirror’s surveillance.

The Heavenly Alliance itself began to experience internal divisions.

News spread of Heavenly Alliance officials privately expressing dissatisfaction with the Spirit-Locking Formation, only to be subsequently arrested and severely punished as a warning to others.

In year 268, an image was projected onto the green sky of the Xuanhuang Realm.

Although it was quickly blocked, preventing any further viewing, the brief moment it appeared before everyone was enough to completely ignite a wave of resistance among the cultivators.

A towering wall, its location unknown, piercing the clouds.

Countless cultivators were suppressed and slumbered within its walls.

On the wall, only faces with tightly closed eyes and eerie smiles were visible.

“Fellow Daoists, this is the Eternal Immortal Wall. All the cultivators who have gone missing over the past hundred years have been imprisoned here by the Heavenly Alliance…”

The voiceover, slightly urgent, abruptly ended.

It was only a fleeting glimpse, but the countless faces on the Eternal Immortal Wall were enough to send chills down the spines of all surviving cultivators.

To be trapped in an illusion, eternally suppressed, was no different from death.

The Heavenly Alliance’s actions were truly appalling, exceeding the limits of what cultivators could tolerate.

For a time, cries to overthrow the Heavenly Alliance and shatter the Spirit-Locking Formation echoed throughout the Xuanhuang Realm.

Within the Heavenly Alliance, the opposition faction, which had been dormant since the Spirit-Locking Formation became widespread, also launched their attack.

Warfare instantly engulfed the Xuanhuang Realm.

Xiao Heng’s Rebirth Immortal was one of the many resistance organizations.

Han Wuyou, along with Xiao Heng, Su Xiaomei, and other former companions from the other realms, reunited and began their war against the Heavenly Alliance.

The combined strength of almost all cultivators in the world was formidable.

But the number of Heavenly Alliance Sky Warlocks far exceeded everyone’s expectations.

The great war continued for three full years.

The cultivators suffered constant losses, while the number of Sky Warlocks never seemed to decrease.

If the Sky Warlocks had not focused on capturing cultivators alive and held back their full strength, the cultivators would have been defeated long ago.

The situation was dire, with no sign of victory.

The cultivators gradually retreated.

The war slowly devolved into a one-sided pursuit and capture.

In year 273, the Sky Warlocks discovered the Rebirth Immortal’s base.

Zhang Haobo and Su Xiaomei, in order to cover the retreat of their companions, fought valiantly and died.

But they could not prevent the destruction of the Rebirth Immortal.

At the crucial moment, Su Changyu broke through his cultivation limitations, perishing alongside the Sky Warlocks who came to capture him.

Xiao Heng and Han Wuyou escaped with their lives.

In year 274, Xiao Heng, gravely injured, died.

Before his death, he entrusted the Rebirth Immortal legacy to Han Wuyou.

Han Wuyou accepted, tears in his eyes.

Relying on his “One Hand Covers the Sky” technique and “Crucible of Ten Thousands Forms” cultivation method, Han Wuyou evaded capture, constantly on the move.

In year 290, few cultivators remained in the world.

The Heavenly Alliance’s pursuit slowly relaxed.

In year 304, the Heavenly Alliance issued a general amnesty. Any cultivator who was willing to return to the Heavenly Alliance and practice the “Mending the Heavens” according to their assigned quota every year would be forgiven for all past transgressions.

Cultivators began returning to the Heavenly Alliance from the wilderness.

In year 315, it was discovered that the cultivators who had returned previously were not in any danger, and more cultivators chose to return.

In year 324, the Heavenly Alliance commenced an unclear construction project in various provinces. Immense golden obelisks rose from the ground, standing tall in the center of each province.

In year 369, Han Wuyou broke through to the Nascent Soul Late Stage. Under the alias He Buyou, he returned to the Heavenly Alliance and went into hiding again.

Han Wuyou discovered that the Heavenly Alliance was now led by Sky Warlocks.

The Heavenly Alliance continued to provide cultivation resources to those who surrendered.

The price, however, was the requirement to practice the “Mending the Heavens” even more.

In year 370, Han Wuyou temporarily halted his own cultivation and began to immerse himself in studying the “Mending the Heavens.”

In year 393, due to his consistent and focused practice of the “Mending the Heavens” for twenty years, contributing a large amount of “Celestial Dew Points,” Han Wuyou was rewarded by the Heavenly Alliance.

He was granted the rank of 4th-grade Sky Warlock and appointed as a “Sky Official,” responsible for managing and supervising the “Mending Heaven” work of over a thousand cultivators.

In year 404, across the Xuanhuang Realm, massive beams of light erupted from the tops of the obelisks, shooting straight towards the heavens.

The earth and the sky trembled.

The obelisks’ energy burst lasted for seven days.

In year 412, after nearly forty years of research, Han Wuyou, combining the knowledge of formations he had gleaned from the Breaking Formation Disc, deciphered the function of the “Mending the Heavens.”

The Tianxuan Soul-Locking Formation, stealing Heaven’s authority, was attempting to usurp its place.

But the core of the Spirit-Locking Formation, the Tianxuan Mirror, had overestimated its abilities.

It could only barely maintain the normal operation of all the Spirit-Locking Formations while in an overloaded state.

Therefore, it needed external assistance to share some of the burden.

Only cultivators could establish a connection with “Heaven and Earth.”

This was why the Heavenly Alliance required cultivators to practice the “Mending the Heavens,” while Sky Warlocks could not.

Han Wuyou vaguely saw a glimmer of hope in overthrowing the Spirit-Locking Formation.

But he also had some concerns.

Because if the Tianxuan Mirror achieved transcendence and completed its transformation.

It would no longer need cultivators to practice the “Mending the Heavens.”

Without making a fuss, Han Wuyou kept this matter to himself, continuing to lie in wait, biding his time.

In year 434, Han Wuyou was assigned, along with a team of Sky Warlocks, to investigate a “strange” incident in Tianpan Province.

During casual conversation, Han Wuyou learned that strange occurrences had been spreading in the world in recent years.

In year 459, the obelisks once again emitted beams of light.

Roaring sounds continuously echoed from the heavens.

( )

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 419


In the year 468, a piece of news shook the Xuanhuang Realm.

The White Mist Barrier, which served as the dividing line between the provinces, inexplicably began to expand outwards.

The Heavenly Alliance sent Sky Warlocks to investigate the matter.

In year 469, the White Mist Barrier expansion ended. The Sky Warlocks, however, investigated to no avail.

In year 490, a group of cultivators came out of the white mist. Dressed in the garb of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance of that year, they were clearly dead, but could still move freely. And they did not know that they were dead.

Since they did not know about the establishment of the Heavenly Alliance, when the Sky Warlocks who had blocked off the scene arrived, these already dead cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance clashed violently with them.

In the end, it was only with the help of a team of Level 6, or Harmonious Dao Battle Force, Sky Warlocks that they were forcibly taken away.

In year 524, Han Wuyou broke through to the Soul Transformation realm.

In the year of 539, the golden obelisk of the Xuanhuang Realm erupted for the third time.

The heavens and earth still shook, just much more slightly than the previous two times.

In year 580, Han Wuyou received a secret invitation to meet him at a secret stronghold in Tianyu Province.

The cautious Han Wuyou did not choose to go.

In the year 592, Han Wuyou learns the news that the Tianxuan Soul Locking Formation as a whole has failed for about a tea time within the Zhengqiong Continent.

The Heavenly Alliance had once again issued the [Heavenly Execution Order], offering a reward for the capture of the cultivator named Liu Yihang.

In the year 595, Han Wuyou once again received an invitation. Along with the invitation was a small, round stone disk.

According to the letter, the original disk was called the [Doom Stone], and after being stimulated and carried on the body, it had the effect of shielding the perception of the Tianxuan Soul Locking Formation.

Han Wuyou thought about it again and again, and eventually changed and went to the appointment.

This time, the location of the gathering was changed to a hidden valley in the territory of Tianyun State.

A cultivator introduced himself to Han Wuyou.

They called themselves the [Overwhelming Heaven Society], one of the rebel organizations that had called on the world’s cultivators to fight the Heavenly Alliance to the death in the first place.

Ever since the great defeat of the cultivators, they had hidden underground and waited for the time to move.

For hundreds of years, they have been silently absorbing suitable candidates.

Gu Xinghan, who released the Letter of Declaration to Cultivators of the World back then, Lan Yu Chang, who risked his life to expose the existence of the [Eternal Immortal Wall], and Liu Yihang, who managed to cause the Spirit Locking Formation to fail not long ago, were all members of the Overwhelming Heaven Society.

In the Overwhelming Heaven Society, the most elite forces of the only remaining cultivators in the world were gathered.

Although their numbers were small, geniuses came out in endless succession.

They had also researched many methods over the years on how to fight against the Tianxuan Soul Locking Formation.

The [Doom Stone] was one of the results.

It was created from the secondary body of the Tianxuan Mirror, the [Doom Destruction Stone Disc].

In the course of years and years of research, the Overwhelming Heaven Society had discovered a possible blind spot in the Spirit Locking Formation.

That was the secondary body of the Tianxuan Mirror.

As sub-bodies created by chance by the Tianxuan Mirror, they all maintained a certain characteristic of the Tianxuan Mirror to a greater or lesser extent.

It was because of the existence of these characteristics that, to a certain extent, would cause the Spirit Locking Formation to misjudge.

Treating it as a part of itself, thus neglecting to monitor it.

The number of secondary bodies of the Tianxuan Mirror was already scarce, and the Overwhelming Heaven Society had sacrificed numerous cultivators to find such a piece of the [Doom Destroying Stone Plate].

In addition to the [Doom Stone] that could shield the Spirit Locking Formation, the Overwhelming Heaven Society also had the existence of a great killing weapon called the [Steller Ruining Arrow].

Liu Yihang was able to temporarily disable the Spirit Locking Formation this time, relying on this Steller Ruining Arrow.

The source of the materials used to make it was the various [Anomalies] that were occurring more and more frequently throughout the Xuanhuang Realm.

The existence of this anomalies was like a virus that infected heaven and earth.

Since the anomalies could affect heaven and earth.

The Spirit Locking Formation now took the place of Heaven, and the anomalies could naturally affect the Spirit Locking Formation as well.

After understanding the many matters within the Overwhelming Heaven Society, Han Wuyou raised his doubts.

Why did they give such an exhaustive account of the hidden secrets of the Society on their first meeting?

Wasn’t he afraid that he, Han Wuyou, would report to the Heavenly Alliance?

The other party smiled and introduced Han Wuyou to someone.

It was none other than one of the original [Rebirth Immortal], Medicine King Sect’s Linghu Chang.

It turned out that when the Rebirth Immortals suffered a catastrophe, the survivors each fled for their lives.

In the subsequent big hunt, Linghu Chang was not captured by virtue of the Medicine King’s True Cauldron.

Since then, he had been hibernating in the wilderness, and later joined the Overwhelming Heaven Society by chance.

It was also by relying on the blessing of the Medicine King’s True Cauldron and the many resources within it that the Overwhelming Heaven Society was able to develop under the blockade of the Heavenly Alliance. As time passed, more than three hundred years passed, and some of the Medicine King Sect disciples sleeping in the Medicine King’s True Cauldron were also awakened by him one after another.

For example, that Liu Yihang was the righteous son of the former Medicine King Sect Leader Liu Ruchen.

The meeting of the deceased caused Han Wuyou to recall the scene of the tragic death of the people from the Realm.

With reddened eyes, he formally joined the Overwhelming Heaven Society.

After only half a day in the stronghold, Han Wuyou returned to the Heavenly Alliance.

In the year 603, the golden obelisk began its fourth eruption.

This time, it lasted even longer than the previous three combined.

Above the dome of the sky, channels of green lines ran across the sky, resembling a giant net that enveloped the beings of the Xuanhuang Realm.

Since then, the cultivators of the world privately called the Tianxuan Soul Locking Formation with the Tianxuan Mirror at its core the [Xuan Net].

In the year 610, Han Wuyou received news from the Overwhelming Heaven Society that within the territory of Zhu Yu Province, a giant mountain had risen out of the ground, destroying all of the original landforms.

In this drastic change of heaven and earth, there were no survivors in Zhu Yu Prefecture.

The province’s Xuan Net seemed to have been equally affected.

The stronghold of the Overwhelming Heaven Society has since moved to Zhu Yu.

In year 690, during an assembly, Han Wuyou learned that the number of Celestial Ruining Arrow, the Overwhelming Heaven Society had manufactured in recent years had amounted to as many as three thousand.

Unfortunately, the Xuan Net was protected by peripheral formations, so with such a number of Instigating Heavenly Arrows alone, it was feared that they still wouldn’t be able to injure the core of the Xuan Net.

It is still necessary to wait patiently again.

Han Wuyou pondered.

In 698 year, Han Wuyou comprehended the blueprints of many formations from the Formation Breaking Disc.

In Anchor 710, Han Wuyou secretly met with Linghu Chang as well as Liu Yihang to show them the formation blueprints.

In Year 711, Han Wuyou received a transmission from the Overwhelming Heaven Society, confirming that this was the original formation structure of the Xuan Net. And excitedly asked where the blueprints came from.

Han Wuyou gazed at the formation-breaking disk in the secret room for a long time and remained silent.

He then used a secret method to seal the broken formation disk.

……

In the year 934, a stray child accidentally picked up the Formation Breaking Jade Disc from the ruins.

Thinking that he had picked up some kind of treasure, he was overjoyed and brought it with him day and night.

Then the resonance was created.

The sky no longer appeared green, but gray.

In the year 935, the surviving people of the land passed down legends from a hundred years ago.

The earth trembles and the sky shows cracks.

Above the firmament, the figures of the gods fighting were reflected.

World-destroying lightning punishments continued to descend, turning large swathes of land into nothingness.

After a long time, a pair of giant hands tore open the firmament.

The dust settled and the winds calmed down.

But the infighting among the gods angered the great Father God.

The world has been forsaken.

Ornate buildings are in ruins.

The gods that flew high in the sky are no more.

The world is falling into disrepair.

In the year 936, the wandering child was killed during a hunt.

The broken formation jade disc lies quietly in the wasteland.

Only occasionally did a curious beast come by to check it out.

In Year 1032, there were no longer any wild beasts appearing.

In 1573 Year, the sky is dark and the earth is silent.

In 2078, the world is dead.

In the year 3024, the long-lost sunlight shone on the broken jade disk.

In the year 3036, it was really activated.



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 420


Anchored at the year 1, Great Xuan, the peak of Xie Li Mountain.

Li Fan, a twenty-year-old youth, stood alone on the mountain peak, his hands clasped behind his back, gazing at the distant sea of clouds.

The sun rose from the east, radiating a myriad of rays, dyeing the clouds a fiery red.

Though young, Li Fan’s eyes held a hint of weariness.

“After three thousand years have passed, it seems that it has not been without an impact on me.”

Li Fan sighed softly.

The moment he returned to the peak of Xie Li Mountain through automatic【Truth】, the events he had experienced during his time as an inanimate object surged back like a tidal wave.

It was a period of time far longer than the combined lifespan of all the hundreds of lives he had lived as a human since his transmigration.

Even though he couldn’t retain all the details as a human, even though most of those three thousand years were spent as a solitary object, lying on the desolate ground of a ruined world, the sheer volume of memories he absorbed from the 【Formation-Breaking Jade Disc】 in a short span of time had left its mark.

Thankfully, it took him almost a day to completely eliminate the negative effects and organize the history of the Xuanhuang Realm for the past three thousand years after his demise.

Some things, such as the struggle between the Xuan Net and cultivators, were predictable even before he became inanimate.

But Li Fan hadn’t expected the Xuanhuang Realm to be destroyed in a mere thousand years.

“What happened to the people of the 【Overwhelming Heaven Society】 after they obtained the formation blueprint of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation?”

“Logically, even if the battle was fierce, one side should have won a decisive victory. How could it seem like they both perished?”

Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a pang of helplessness.

At the most crucial moment, Han Wuyou, that rascal, had pulled the plug, resulting in a loss of information for hundreds of years.

“But I can’t blame him,” Li Fan thought.

“With the decisive battle between the 【Overwhelming Heaven Society】 and the Xuan Net looming, the 【Formation-Breaking Jade Disc】, which was sent by a descendant of my former acquaintance, was filled with suspicious details. It even knew about the absolute secret of the Locking Spirit Formation blueprint.”

“It was necessary to be cautious.”

“At that time, he had already become a Nascent Soul cultivator, no longer the innocent and naive boy he once was. The final battle was a matter of life and death for countless cultivators of the 【Overwhelming Heaven Society】.”

(TL Note: It should be in Soul Transformation Stage but maybe MC was not able to percive it…)

“It’s understandable that he chose to seal me away.”

“For the sake of the 《Crucible of Ten Thousand Forms》, I won’t hold it against you.”

Li Fan smiled faintly and extended his hand, capturing a black-feathered, red-tailed bird from a tree on the mountain peak.

Spiritual energy flowed through its body as he closed his eyes and concentrated.

After half a day, Li Fan abruptly opened his eyes. He released the bird and took a deep breath.

A golden light enveloped his body, and within the glow, Li Fan’s form began to shrink.

In the blink of an eye, a bird identical to the one he had just released appeared on the peak of Xie Li Mountain, completely devoid of any cultivator’s aura.

Even the black-feathered, red-tailed bird treated Li Fan as one of its kind, curiously approaching him for a closer look.

“Han Wuyou, that kid, is truly talented. He was able to comprehend and cultivate such a divine technique from the 《Heavenly Doctor Immortal Scripture》 at the Golden Core stage.”

Li Fan exclaimed, returning to his original form, startling the black-feathered, red-tailed bird away.

After Li Fan’s body was transformed into an inanimate object and refined with Han Wuyou’s blood essence, a peculiar connection formed between them. This allowed Li Fan, even with only a sliver of his true spirit remaining, to observe and perceive the world through Han Wuyou’s eyes.

Therefore, when Han Wuyou comprehended and cultivated the 《Crucible of Ten Thousand Forms》, Li Fan, who was also well-versed in the 《Heavenly Doctor Immortal Scripture》, learned the technique simultaneously.

“Unfortunately, as he grew older and stronger, especially after the deaths of Xiao Heng and the others, his personality changed. Even the 【Formation-Breaking Jade Disc】, which he had carried with him since childhood, became tinged with suspicion.”

“I couldn’t sense his Nascent Soul cultivation techniques after that.”

“But even if I had known, it wouldn’t have mattered. The 《Chaos World Transcendence Technique》 is most likely still in the possession of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

Li Fan shook his head, returning his focus to the future trajectory of the Xuanhuang Realm.

“Until the year 711, when I was sealed away, although many things seemingly occurred, they could be categorized into two groups.”

“One group was events that were destined to happen according to the established historical trajectory of the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“For example, in the year 51, the Blue Feather Immortal Venerable failed to achieve Longevity…”

As Li Fan recalled the reverberating “Who is it?” that echoed through the heavens before Blue Feather’s complete disappearance, he couldn’t help but frown slightly.

“And for hundreds of years, the anomalies in the Xuanhuang Realm became increasingly rampant. Eventually, they even reached the point where they could be used to mass-produce the 【Steller Ruining Arrows】.”

“I wonder if the ultimate destruction of the Xuanhuang Realm was related to these anomalies.”

“Right, there was also that group of Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators who emerged from the Age Devouring White Mist, seemingly alive despite being dead…”

“Hmm?”

Li Fan suddenly paused, a glimmer of insight flashing in his eyes.

“Blue Feather’s failed attempt at achieving Longevity, and the cultivators who emerged from the white mist, seemingly unaware of their deaths…”

“Could it be…”

“During my twelfth life, I learned from that black-clothed Dao Integration that before his demise, Blue Feather Immortal Venerable had set up the 【Devouring Origin Rebirth Great Formation】, attempting to reverse the law of life and death to achieve Longevity.”

“Judging from the outcome, he ultimately failed.”

“The phrase ‘Who is it?’ has two possible interpretations. One is that someone disrupted Blue Feather’s process of defying the laws of heaven.”

“The other is…”

Li Fan narrowed his eyes, “The law of life and death has been reversed by someone. The path to Longevity has been occupied, and he was completely unaware of it, which is why Blue Feather was so unwilling to accept it.”

“There are only a handful of Longevity Venerables in this world. Blue Feather, as an old-timer in Dao Integration, shouldn’t be ignorant of how they achieved their status.”

“This means that there is a powerful individual in this world who has achieved Longevity Venerable status silently, without anyone noticing?”

Li Fan found this speculation unbelievable, but also felt a surge of emotion.

“Blue Feather, in order to activate the Devouring Origin Rebirth Great Formation, didn’t hesitate to sacrifice the lives of countless cultivators in the Yuandao Province.”

“Yet, he himself couldn’t escape being manipulated by a being of ultimate power.”

“Longevity Venerable…”

“The thoughts and actions of those at such a level are truly unfathomable and beyond comprehension.”

“In my previous life, the battle between the 【Xuan Net】 and cultivators was incredibly fierce, but these Longevity Venerables seemed to have vanished collectively. They never appeared throughout the entire ordeal.”

“Even as cultivators were on the verge of extinction, they remained indifferent.”

Li Fan had his own theories about why this was the case.

The key lay in the towering golden obelisks that the 【Xuan Net】 had constructed throughout the Xuanhuang Realm after taking control.

The obelisks had shot beams of light into the sky four times in total.

Li Fan speculated that the Heavenly Alliance might have been using the golden obelisks to propel the entire Xuanhuang Realm out of the influence of the 【Immortal Ruins】.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 421


To push forward the entire world, the required power is immense.

Only the Heavenly Alliance, which unified the Xuanhuang Realm, could consolidate all resources.

And perhaps, only with the Tianxuan Mirror’s extraordinary coordination and calculation capabilities, can it be achieved.

This explains why the Longevity Venerates remain silent about the Tianxuan Mirror’s actions, even actively promoting the merger of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association.

Because once successful, they will also completely escape the threat of the Immortal Ruins.

The void is vast, from then on they will be free and unrestrained.

They will no longer need to stay in this small patch of land, the Xuanhuang Realm.

What do the lives of cultivators have to do with them?

Even if it fails, there will be no loss for the Longevity Venerates.

After all, the Heavenly Alliance is not simply slaughtering cultivators.

Instead, they are suppressing all cultivators who maintain the Xuanhuang Realm’s “weight” within the Eternal Immortal Wall.

Without having to worry about regulating the number of cultivators, perhaps the Heavenly Venerates will find it even more convenient!

As for the end, whether the Xuan Net’s plan to escape from the Immortal Ruins succeeded…

Li Fan tends to believe that it did succeed.

Because in his previous life, before he became his true self, after nearly a thousand years of silence, he clearly felt the vitality begin to revive in the Xuanhuang Realm.

The long-lost sunlight reappeared.

Although the living beings in the world were basically extinct, the world itself was rejuvenated.

Li Fan doesn’t believe that after falling into the Immortal Ruins, the Xuanhuang Realm would simply remain silent for a thousand years and then rejuvenate.

If that were the case, then the so-called Immortal Ruins wouldn’t be so daunting to the Longevity Venerates.

“For cultivators, the Xuan Net is naturally unforgivable.”

“But in a way, it saved the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“It also conveniently cleaned up all the cultivators.”

“Perhaps because of this, when the Xuan Net replaced Heaven, the Heaven’s Dao of this world didn’t put up much resistance.”

After pondering for a long time, Li Fan slowly suppressed his thoughts.

“Besides these things that are destined to happen, there are also many things that evolved because of the influence of the Xuan Net’s establishment.”

“The cause of everything was because I killed the Giant Glazed Fish and then personally led the Heavenly Spirit Grass incident.”

“The Tianling Province war, which shouldn’t have happened, had a profound impact on both the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association.”

“The Five Elders Association vaguely sensed the disappearance of the Heavenly Venerate, and kept probing in the days that followed.”

“Facing the pressure from the Five Elders Association, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance created a monstrosity like the Tianxuan Soul Locking Array to protect themselves.”

“Perhaps without the Tianling Province war, there would still be a Tianpan Province, and Jiushan Province wars.”

“But the different time nodes of the war’s occurrence could lead to completely different future trajectories.”

“Countless futures, infinite possibilities.”

“The birth of the Xuan Net is just one of them.”

“The world after the Xuan Net’s widespread adoption is too dangerous for cultivators.”

“A slight misstep, and they will be captured and suppressed in the Eternal Immortal Wall, making it impossible to cultivate.”

“It seems that in this life, I have to find a way to prevent its birth.”

Li Fan pondered to himself.

“However, whether it’s the Heavenly Spirit Grass incident or the widespread competition of the Soul Locking Array, I, with the advantage of foreknowledge, can benefit from them.”

“It would be a shame to give up.”

“Since that’s the case…”

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan instantly had an idea.

“Mutual restraint and balance, the overall situation can be stabilized.”

“The Xuanhuang Realm, it’s better not to be too chaotic!”

After reviewing his previous life, the next step is to plan for this life.

The goal is clear: to achieve Nascent Soul realm.

Before the Tianling Province war, cultivate to Golden Core perfection.

After the Great Five Elements Subworld is relocated, go to that piece of void where the Five Elements Subworlds continuously evolve and investigate.

If possible, break through based on it.

If not, then I can only try to obtain the Great Five Elements Subworld from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

“However, there is one thing to do before that.”

Li Fan flew to the top of the cloud sea, bathing in the morning glow.

All distracting thoughts disappeared, and he began practicing the “Purple Sky Unwavering Intent,” a secret technique he obtained from Zhang Qianmo in the Fallen Immortal Realm in his previous life.

Li Fan hadn’t forgotten that he still had traces left by “It” from the Yuandao Province on his body.

Although Li Fan vaguely felt that as he transformed into a thing and continuously reincarnated.

This trace might have already disappeared.

But it’s always better to have an extra layer of insurance.

As the secret technique circulated, Li Fan only felt his consciousness soaring upwards.

He continued upwards, piercing through the heavens, reaching a sacred and unspeakable place.

There were no other beings.

Only the vast and pure Heaven and Earth Unwavering Intent, filling the space.

This powerful and pure energy, like flowing water, cleansed Li Fan’s soul.

Li Fan gradually immersed himself in it.

The psychological shadows caused by “It” from the Yuandao Province and the Heavenly Doctor slowly dissipated.

Even the vicissitudes brought by three thousand years of transforming into a thing were gradually washed away.

…

Anchored for 3 years.

Li Fan retracted his divine ability, feeling clear-minded and relaxed.

“The Purple Firmament Sect’s secret transmission, truly extraordinary.”

Li Fan nodded in satisfaction.

He casually glanced at the “Truth” panel, and was instantly surprised.

Because he suddenly realized that the charging speed of “Truth” was much faster than before.

“It originally took nearly nine years, but now, it will only take a little over seven years to complete the charging.”

“It seems that practicing the Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra in reverse to strengthen the soul is indeed effective.”

“Faster charging means that I can leave Great Xuan and go to the Xuanhuang Realm eight years after anchoring.”

“It just happens to coincide with the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s once-in-a-decade recruitment exam…”

Li Fan smiled slightly, pondered for a moment, and adjusted his plan slightly.

Then, as usual, he went down the mountain and visited the tomb of Yi Xing.

He took out the Dao Transformation Stone, slowly absorbing it while waiting for “Truth” to finish charging.

Soon, eight years after anchoring arrived.

Before leaving, Li Fan opened the “Truth” panel.

Name: Li Fan

Cultivation Realm: Golden Core Mid-Stage

Biological Age: 27/599

Psychological Age: 1326/4200

Void Transformation Charging Progress: 100%

Anchoring Charging Progress: 0%

Current Number of Anchors: 3

Current Available Number of Anchors: 1

Bound Items: “Jade Chapter of a Thousand Mechanisms,” Tai Yan Boat, Stepping Stone Stele (Damaged), Blood of Ten Thousand People, Dao Transformation Stone

Cultivation Techniques: Xuanhuang Heart Refinement Mantra, Cloud and Water Dream Technique, Body Transforms into Dao, Mystical Transformation of True Spirits, Crucible of Ten Thousand Forms, Creation Forge Technique, Sitting Mountain Technique

Divine Abilities: Chaos, Great Five Elements Annihilation Sword, Life and Death Induction, Formless Killing Intent, Binding Insect, Cloud Water Sword, Overturning Heaven Palm

…

“Transforming into a thing for three thousand years, my psychological age has only increased by a little over a hundred years. It seems I don’t have to worry about that for now.”

“As for the divine ability, “Chaos”…”

Li Fan recalled the terrifying side effects of using it, even with a thousand-tempered puppet body, it completely disintegrated, and he shook his head slightly.

“Although its power is great, it’s still too difficult to use for now.”

He closed the “Truth” panel. In this life, he wouldn’t remove the power of the “Sitting Mountain Technique” technique, nor would he go to the Great Xuan court to plunder wealth.

Instead, he transformed into the form of a black-feathered, red-tailed bird and flew rapidly towards the Eastern Abyss, the Immortal Extinction Great Array.

TL Note: You guys won’t believe me but this chapter took 3 hours. :c

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 422


In the darkness of the void, several Realm-Splitting Whales were chasing each other, playing playfully.

If you looked closely, you could see that one of them had a black-feathered, red-tailed bird standing on its back.

The bird was strolling leisurely on the vast fish, seemingly at ease.

The Realm-Splitting Whale was completely oblivious to its presence.

This black-feathered, red-tailed bird was, of course, Li Fan.

He effortlessly passed through the Immortal Extinction Great Array and, seeing the group of Realm-Splitting Whales, had a sudden whim.

He wanted to test the actual deceptive effect of the “Crucible of Ten Thousand Forms”

This was how this scene came to be.

“Realm-Splitting Whales are extremely sensitive to external energy. Even mortals can be tracked by them for thousands of miles,” Li Fan said to himself.

“I am so close, yet they show no reaction. It seems they see me as no different from a real bird.”

Li Fan was very satisfied with the test results.

He spread his wings and flew swiftly away from the Realm-Splitting Whales, heading towards the entrance to the Xuanhuang Realm at the bottom of the Abyss.

“If Great Xuan truly escaped the Xuanhuang Realm thanks to the efforts of the Realm-Splitting Whales, would it be directly captured by the Immortal Ruins? Just like the Medicine King’s True Divine Cauldron?”

“Who was behind these Realm-Splitting Whales back then?”

“It shouldn’t be the Ten Great Immortal Sects. They know of the existence of the Immortal Ruins. Letting the Realm-Splitting Whales dig out small worlds would be digging their own graves.”

The light of the cultivation world was not far ahead. Looking back at the Realm-Splitting Whales, which seemed to be working tirelessly, a thought suddenly flashed in Li Fan’s mind.

It was just a fleeting thought, and his figure did not pause for a moment.

The next moment, Li Fan reappeared above the vast ocean.

The sky and sea were one, and the salty wind blew gently.

Li Fan took a deep breath and sighed.

“The blue sky is still the most beautiful.”

After spending hundreds of years in the oppressive world under the Xuan Net, Li Fan, returning to his original self, finally understood the preciousness of this freedom.

Instead of joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance first, Li Fan checked his direction and flew towards the border between the Cong Yun Sea and Shilin Province.

His destination was the Tianji Sect ruins in the White Stone Subworld.

This was where Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi had found the “Jade Chapter of a Thousand Mechanisms” in the past.

In his previous life, Xiao Heng, with the help of Linghu Chang, had unearthed several other cultivation techniques from the ruins, besides the Jade Chapter.

These included the secret technique “One Hand Covers the Sky.”

Li Fan naturally couldn’t miss out on this.

Although he was just a common bird on the outside, Li Fan’s flying speed was not slow at all.

Twenty days later, Li Fan arrived outside the Hundred Stone Subworld.

The so-called Hundred Stone Subworld was a vast underground cave located on the outskirts of Shilin Province.

Inside the cave, countless paths branched out and intertwined.

Every so often, there would be a sudden opening, forming a spacious underground hall.

The halls were filled with jagged rocks, growing wildly from the top down and from the walls outward.

They were of various shapes, resembling humans and beasts, making people feel uneasy.

Many cultivators had lost their way inside and never returned.

No one knew just how large this Hundred Stone Subworld was.

As one of the most dangerous places in Shilin Province, even those who knew of the secrets that might be hidden here were reluctant to come and explore.

Li Fan continued to venture deeper into the cave, but he didn’t encounter a single person.

The deeper he went, the more complex the paths became.

Often, at a single intersection, there were as many as seven or eight branches.

Furthermore, not only was his Divine Sense affected to some degree, but the cave itself also changed occasionally.

The paths that were there when he arrived would mysteriously disappear when he wanted to return.

And the geology of the cave was incredibly hard. It was impossible to carve out a path by force.

This was why the Hundred Stone Subworld was so dangerous.

“According to Linghu Chang, this Hundred Stone Subworld is likely the remains of the ancient beast, the Primordial Clam, after its death,” Li Fan recalled what he had heard from Han Wuyou.

“The Primordial Clam lived deep underground, feeding on the Earth’s veins. It was a notorious destroyer of terrain, capable of hollowing out the entire underground of a province.”

“However, there is always a counter to every creature.

“Inside its body, a type of Stone Spirit Insect often coexisted.”

“The Primordial Clam was greedy by nature. It devoured the Earth’s veins without restraint, possibly even overeating itself to death.”

“In most cases, it wouldn’t have time to digest and absorb the Earth’s vein energy within its body.”

“As a result, it would condense into large masses of Earth Vein Stone within its body.”

“These Stone Spirit Insects feed on the Earth Vein Stones. They help the Primordial Clam relieve the pressure of digestion, while they themselves never have to worry about food.

“A perfect symbiotic relationship.”

“Perhaps the complex tunnels in this Hundred Stone Subworld were dug out by these Stone Spirit Insects.”

Li Fan flew along, carefully searching for Stone Spirit Insects in the darkness.

Half a day later.

“It’s you!”

Li Fan revealed his true form, his Five Elements Annihilation Sword silently unsheathed.

A deep hole appeared on the stone wall of the tunnel.

A bluish-grey figure flashed past, about to escape into the depths of the wall.

“Bind Insect!”

Li Fan suddenly activated his Divine Ability, capturing it.

A plump, bluish-grey giant insect, the size of a baby, instantly appeared in front of Li Fan.

It was unable to move, and it let out a series of rapid chirps.

Li Fan lightly tapped it, producing a dull sound.

The Stone Spirit Insect’s entire body trembled, and it immediately became obedient under Li Fan’s warning.

Li Fan infused his spiritual energy into its body and closed his eyes to sense the Stone Spirit Insect’s structure.

Although it could devour Earth Vein Stones, its physiological structure was even less complex than the ordinary bird Li Fan had transformed into before.

Not long after, Li Fan released the restraint.

The next moment, he was enveloped in golden light and transformed into the form of a Stone Spirit Insect.

The original fat insect fell to the ground with a thud. It didn’t even care about its new companion, Li Fan, and hurriedly burrowed into the ground to escape.

The hole it had dug out didn’t last long. Under Li Fan’s gaze, it slowly healed up.

“This place is truly strange. The Primordial Clam is dead but not gone. Without a special method, exploring it would be quite troublesome.”

“But now…”

Li Fan shook his insect body and plunged into the stone wall.

He felt as if these incredibly hard rocks had turned into crunchy delicacies.

Li Fan effortlessly carved out a path.

With the general location of the Tianji Sect ruins in mind, Li Fan proceeded straight towards it.

Seven days later.

An underground chamber sealed on all sides.

A rumbling sound faintly emanated from the stone walls.

Soon, Li Fan, in the form of a Stone Spirit Insect, violently emerged from the wall.

He crashed to the ground with a bang.

He lay on his back, motionless.

Only when the Earth Vein Stones in his body were completely digested into energy did Li Fan return to his human form.

“I actually overate.”

Li Fan shook his head, speechless to himself.



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 423


Li Fan carefully examined the hollow space.

Above, numerous buildings seemed to grow from the top of the stone cave, hanging upside down in midair.

Li Fan also saw stone statues that resembled cultivators.

Their feet were fused with the buildings, also hanging upside down, their desperate and helpless hands reaching out as if seeking rescue.

But their bodies were eternally frozen at this moment, their faces filled with terror.

“This should be a mountain peak of the Tian Ji Sect, coincidentally swallowed by this Primordial Clam.”

“Judging by the appearance, it seems they were petrified as a whole before being swallowed.”

Li Fan raised his guard, leaping to the top of the hollow.

Ignoring the petrified cultivators, he traversed the ruins, heading straight for the most prominent stone tower.

“The Sky-Gazing Tower, the crucial location for the Tian Ji Sect to peer into the secrets of Heaven.”

Standing before the stone tower, Li Fan discovered that even after thousands of years, a faint glimmer still emanated from its surface.

“The restrictions are still present, but they are merely a facade.”

As if unimpeded, Li Fan entered the interior of the Sky-Gazing Tower.

“Hmm?”

The moment he stepped inside, Li Fan’s expression changed.

He felt a malevolent gaze directed towards him.

Following the direction of the gaze, Li Fan saw a cultivator standing ahead, his hair disheveled.

His face was contorted, one of his eyeballs bulging as if about to pop out, fixedly staring at Li Fan.

The cultivator’s lower body was also petrified like the other Tian Ji Sect disciples, turned into stone.

However, his upper body seemed to be in the midst of the petrification process, presenting a grotesque mixture of flesh and stone.

“Dead or alive?”

Li Fan didn’t dare to delay, immediately unleashing a Five Elements Annihilation Sword.

“Bang!”

The black light sword struck the cultivator’s body.

After piercing through him, the cultivator’s body shattered into pieces, scattered across the floor.

Only the half-petrified eyeball remained floating in the air, its pupil still locked onto Li Fan.

Li Fan slowly approached, constantly changing his position.

He discovered that the eyeball seemed to sense his presence, always keeping him in its sights.

Standing before the petrified eyeball, he waited for a while, but it didn’t react further.

Li Fan took it into his hand and examined it closely.

“It’s not a real eyeball, but something this deceased cultivator implanted into his body before his death.”

“Strange, I don’t remember Xiao Heng’s group having this…”

“Did they not discover it? Or did Linghu Chang hide it?”

Li Fan played with it for a while, but found no use for the eyeball.

He temporarily placed it in his bosom and continued exploring the Sky-Gazing Tower.

The Sky-Gazing Tower had a total of nine levels.

From the second to the fifth levels, jade slips and magical artifacts were scattered everywhere.

However, most of them were damaged.

Li Fan found a storage ring among them, happily collecting it into his own after ensuring its intactness.

“The Grand Subtle Heavenly Numbers,” “The Nine Heavens One Qi Art,” “The Decree of Heavenly Will Descending,” “The Thousand Mechanisms Mystical Records”…

There were cultivation techniques and research works on the “Heavenly Mechanisms.”

In the end, Li Fan collected twenty-six cultivation techniques and forty-eight books.

Among them, seventeen were Golden Core stage techniques, and nine were Nascent Soul stage techniques.

“Truly a windfall, but I wonder how many are unique copies.”

“However, only two of these techniques show signs of being cultivated. It seems the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance doesn’t have a high proportion of cultivation techniques.”

Li Fan suppressed his joy and continued upwards.

From the sixth to the eighth levels, strange objects were displayed.

For example, a lotus flower with a human face growing on each petal.

An unknown fruit resembling a dragon.

A rectangular stone with natural patterns.

…

These strange objects seemed to have been enveloped in some special power.

But with the passage of time, this power had completely dissipated.

Now they just looked strange.

“These should be the objects the Tian Ji Sect used to sense the secrets of Heaven,” Li Fan mused.

The Tian Ji Sect believed that the Qi of Heaven and Earth interacted and manifested in the world.

Those things that defied common sense were the result of the intense interaction of the Qi of Heaven and Earth.

By using these strange objects, one could deeply comprehend the Qi of Heaven and Earth.

“The same principle as my use of the Sea of Tranquility Pearl to sense Heaven and Earth,” Li Fan collected all these things, regardless of their usefulness.

Finally, he reached the ninth level of the Sky-Gazing Tower.

Opening it, he found it was empty, with nothing inside.

“Just as Xiao Heng said,” Li Fan wasn’t disappointed, as he had expected this.

Li Fan searched carefully again, but still found nothing of value.

It seemed like he was just wishful thinking.

After thinking for a moment, Li Fan simply activated the Five Elements Annihilation Sword, directly cutting off the ninth level of the stone tower.

The black light of annihilation, like a devastating force, shattered the remaining thousands of years of restrictions on the Sky-Gazing Tower.

Then, with a loud roar, the topmost level of the Sky-Gazing Tower was collected into Li Fan’s storage ring.

“Better to have it than not.”

Li Fan nodded in satisfaction.

Afterward, he thoroughly scoured the ruins inside and out.

He ultimately found four more cultivation techniques in several separate subworlds.

Three were Golden Core techniques, and one was a Nascent Soul technique.

This Nascent Soul technique was precisely the “Jade Chapter of a Thousand Mechanisms.”

“This subworld on the edge of the ruins must have been accidentally revealed decades later, which is how Kou Hong and his brother discovered it.”

“But these two brothers were truly unlucky. If they had just searched a little more carefully, they would have discovered the true ruins of the Tian Ji Sect not far away.”

“As a result, Kou Hong got greedy upon seeing the Nascent Soul technique and missed out on the treasure trove.”

Understanding the reasons behind it, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a sense of absurdity.

With his bountiful harvest, Li Fan no longer lingered.

He transformed back into the Stone Spirit Worm, carving a passage from the resealed stone wall.

Leaving the Hundred Stone Subworld, he headed towards the Cong Yun Sea.

…

Glass Island.

He Zhenghao was troubled, confused, and anxious.

“Go or not?”

He Zhenghao frowned, letting out a long sigh.

He didn’t know why, but while cultivating the “Sitting Mountain Technique” a while ago, he suddenly felt a connection.

For some reason, another person cultivating the “Sitting Mountain Technique” had appeared in the world.

The “Sitting Mountain Technique” was already incredibly slow to cultivate, and now someone else was cultivating it alongside him.

How could this be? It was basically impossible to cultivate.

This sudden change in his primary cultivation technique left He Zhenghao unsure of what to do.

He had discovered the “Sitting Mountain Technique” while exploring a subworld in his youth, and had never revealed it to anyone.

How did the other party know about it?

This matter was strange, and He Zhenghao, who was never very bold, didn’t dare to approach the other party to investigate, fearing for his safety.

He could only hide in the protective array of the island, constantly worrying.

At this moment.

“Who are you, you scoundrel! How dare you steal my sect’s cultivation technique!”

“Get out here!”

A thunderous voice echoed through the sky above Glass Island, reverberating endlessly.

He Zhenghao was stunned for a moment, about to go out to check the situation.

Then, he immediately reacted.

“Is this the other party coming to find me?”

Sensing the other party’s powerful aura, He Zhenghao’s face turned pale.

“Golden Core stage?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 424


“How could this be?”

“Not only are we practicing the same cultivation technique, but his cultivation is actually higher than mine?”

He Zhenghao was speechless, instantly falling into a deep state of self-doubt about his life.

“This is a disaster…”

In an instant, countless thoughts flooded He Zhenghao’s mind.

But in the end, he still decided to temporarily seek refuge on the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Just as he was about to activate the teleportation formation.

“I know you’re hiding inside, why don’t you come out and see me?” The other party’s angry roar rang out again, his voice like thunder.

The entire Glass Island seemed to tremble under the sound of his wrath.

He Zhenghao’s face twitched, he dared not speak, but hastily activated the teleportation formation.

Who would have thought that the other party would have discovered his actions as if he had foreseen them.

“Want to escape? Humph!”

A ripple instantly enveloped the airspace above Glass Island.

He Zhenghao was horrified to discover that the teleportation formation on Glass Island had lost connection with Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

“Spatial lockdown?!”

Cold sweat instantly dripped from his forehead.

But in a flash, He Zhenghao realized.

“No, it’s just that I don’t know what method was used to temporarily affect the connection of the teleportation formation nodes…”

Just as he was secretly letting out a sigh of relief.

He suddenly discovered that the cultivator who had suddenly appeared had transformed into a streak of light, rushing straight towards the protective formation of the island below.

He Zhenghao’s heart surged with joy: “So he’s just a reckless brute! My Mountain and Star Formation isn’t something to be trifled with, even if he’s at the Golden Core stage…”

Just as he was thinking this, something that made his jaw drop happened.

The other party, as if treating the formation as nothing, flew straight in.

His flight path seemed random, yet it always followed the weakest points of the formation’s defenses.

Moreover, his speed was extremely fast. In a blink of an eye, before He Zhenghao even had time to react.

He landed in front of him.

The man coldly stared at him, his eyes filled with killing intent: “You’re the little brat who stole my sect’s cultivation technique?”

He Zhenghao’s mind went blank.

He didn’t have time to think about why the other party could so easily break through his proud Mountain and Star Formation.

A terrifying killing intent, as tangible as substance, enveloped him. He Zhenghao’s heart beat wildly against his will.

“Misunderstanding! It’s definitely a misunderstanding!”

“Fellow Daoist, please don’t act rashly!”

Faced with the threat of death, He Zhenghao shouted repeatedly.

“Fellow Daoist?” The other party’s fierceness intensified.

“A mere Foundation Establishment cultivator, how dare you address a Golden Core cultivator as Fellow Daoist?”

“Are cultivators these days so lacking in manners?”

An oppressive aura, far stronger than that of ordinary Golden Core cultivators, suddenly emanated from him.

He Zhenghao instantly felt as if a mountain was pressing down on his shoulders. His knees buckled, and he almost collapsed to his knees.

He Zhenghao’s heart was filled with grievance.

Not to mention Golden Core cultivators, even Nascent Soul cultivators, He Zhenghao would still address them as Fellow Daoist!

However, with the enemy before him, for the sake of his own life, He Zhenghao had no choice but to temporarily submit to the other party’s power.

Forcing out a strained smile, He Zhenghao said with some difficulty, “Misunderstanding, it’s really a misunderstanding!”

“Senior, let’s talk things through!”

The other party scanned the surroundings with a cold gaze, temporarily withdrawing his pressure.

“I ask, you answer!”

“If you deceive me…”

“Die!”

He Zhenghao’s heart skipped a beat when he heard the other party’s words.

He nodded repeatedly like a chick pecking at rice, indicating that he understood.

“How did you obtain your Sitting Mountain Technique?” the other party asked.

“It was obtained by this junior when I was young, during an expedition to a certain subworld. It was definitely not…”

He Zhenghao hadn’t finished speaking when he heard the other party ask again.

“Subworld? Where is it located? Why would there be my sect’s inheritance there?”

He Zhenghao immediately described the location and internal structure of the subworld he had encountered back then.

The other party’s eyes narrowed slightly, and he remained silent for a moment.

Then, he actually mentioned some details about the inside of the subworld, asking He Zhenghao if it was true or not.

He Zhenghao was overjoyed and nodded repeatedly.

Noticing that the other party’s killing intent was gradually subsiding, He Zhenghao couldn’t help but feel a sense of relief.

Seeing that the other party seemed to be lost in thought, he mustered his courage and asked, “From my observation of Senior’s speech and manner, they are different from ordinary people.”

“Could it be that Senior has just awakened from a slumber?”

It was no wonder He Zhenghao would make such a guess.

In this era, who would still mention anything about sects?

Moreover, there had been cases of ancient cultivators who had slumbered for thousands of years waking up.

He Zhenghao didn’t find it particularly strange.

He just felt that he was incredibly unlucky.

The other party didn’t directly admit it, but his expression became somewhat solemn.

“I would like to ask you, what has happened in all these years?”

“My cultivation technique actually produced a mysterious connection?”

“Heaven and Earth seem to have become different…”

He Zhenghao was even more convinced of his guess.

He immediately described to him in detail everything that had happened in the Xuanhuang Realm after the Heavenly Venerate’s teachings and the arrival of the Great Calamity, including the current state of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The other party’s expression changed repeatedly as he listened.

And through He Zhenghao’s constant probing, he finally gradually learned the other party’s identity.

His name was Li Fan, and he was an ancient cultivator of the Tian Ji Sect.

He had fallen into a slumber due to an accident.

When he woke up, not only had his cultivation regressed to the Golden Core stage.

But he also felt a mysterious connection in his heart.

Without knowing the reason, Li Fan followed the connection to Glass Island.

And when he discovered that He Zhenghao, who was also practicing the Sitting Mountain Technique, wasn’t a disciple of the Tian Ji Sect, he had the questioning scene that had just taken place.

“How did Senior recognize that I’m not a disciple of the Tian Ji Sect?”

Although He Zhenghao lamented his misfortune in his heart, he still had doubts.

Li Fan let out a sneer: “After a thousand years, have cultivators become so ignorant?”

“Your question is like asking why cultivators can tell at a glance that a beast isn’t human.”

“We cultivators of the Tian Ji Sect emphasize the unity of Heaven and Man, and our sect’s cultivation techniques are all inseparable from the flow of Qi. Naturally, I have secret techniques to discern.”

He Zhenghao’s old face turned slightly red as he listened to the other party’s dismissive tone.

Just as he was about to say something else, he saw Li Fan suddenly fix his gaze on him.

“Senior, you…” He Zhenghao couldn’t help but feel a little nervous.

“How long have you been practicing the Sitting Mountain Technique?” Li Fan asked.

He Zhenghao was slightly taken aback: “Over a hundred years…”

“The Sitting Mountain Technique is such a divine cultivation technique, how come you’re only at the Foundation Establishment stage after cultivating for so long?”

Li Fan looked at He Zhenghao with suspicion: “Could it be that you’ve also fallen in cultivation due to an injury?”

Upon hearing this, He Zhenghao’s face instantly turned crimson.

“Senior doesn’t know, this Sitting Mountain Technique…”

He was about to explain himself, but then he suddenly remembered that this person was the ancestor of the Sitting Mountain Technique.

For a moment, he was speechless.

He stammered and stood there dumbfounded.

However, it was Li Fan who saved him.

As if he had remembered something, he suddenly realized: “That’s right, you can’t sense the Heavenly Mechanism. No wonder your cultivation is so slow.”

“Just relying on [Sitting Mountain], without [Mountain Ascension]. Difficult, difficult, difficult!”

(To be continued…)

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 425


“[Sitting Mountain], without [Mountain Ascension]…”

He Zhenghao’s eyes lit up. He seemed to have gleaned some incredible information from Li Fan, this senior. He was eager for Li Fan to elaborate, but the latter suddenly clammed up.

This made He Zhenghao anxious. He hesitated several times before speaking.

“What’s the matter? We’re both cultivating the same technique now. It’s good enough that we’re not drawing swords at each other. You still want me to guide you?” Li Fan sneered.

He Zhenghao could see that this senior was just a little intimidating in appearance. He wasn’t truly a villain.

He quickly said, “Senior, your eyes are like torches, you’ve seen through me. The Sitting Mountain Technique (坐山訣) is a divine technique, but my cultivation is too slow. I’ve already thought about changing techniques.”

“Please rest assured, Senior. I will absolutely not compete with you for the technique.”

Hearing He Zhenghao’s statement, Li Fan’s expression softened slightly.

“You’re a smart kid. It saves me from having to commit more bloodshed.”

He Zhenghao tentatively asked, “However, I’ve cultivated the Sitting Mountain Technique for over a hundred years, pouring my heart and soul into it. I know I might have been practicing it wrong, but I don’t know the correct way to cultivate it. It’s truly frustrating.”

“I hope Senior can enlighten me.” He Zhenghao said earnestly.

Li Fan carefully scrutinized him. He Zhenghao felt the same nervousness he had as a mortal when he first encountered a cultivator.

“Forget it. We were originally separated by thousands of years, but we can cultivate the same technique. It’s truly a deep connection. The Heavenly Secrets are unpredictable. Perhaps it was fate that I met you after I woke up.”

After a long silence, Li Fan sighed lightly.

“The subworld where you obtained the technique is also…”

Li Fan shook his head, abruptly stopping. He said seriously, “Since you’re also cultivating the Sitting Mountain Technique, you naturally know that the essence of the technique lies in the four words: ‘坐享其成’ (Sit and Enjoy the Benefits).”

He Zhenghao nodded repeatedly.

Li Fan continued, “But the changes in the world happen over thousands of years. Just relying on ‘Sitting Mountain’, cultivation is too slow. In truth, it might not even be considered a third-rate technique.”

He Zhenghao agreed even more.

“Therefore, if you want to cultivate the Sitting Mountain Technique quickly, you have to rely on ‘Sitting Immortal’!” Li Fan said emphatically.

“Help cultivators who are in dire straits. Once their luck turns around and they soar to great heights, their cultivation will advance rapidly. We will naturally benefit greatly.”

“Furthermore, the feedback from one person may be small, but with a wide net, little by little, it will accumulate and become a towering structure. How can cultivation be slow?”

“However…”

Li Fan’s voice changed, “The crux lies here. Although there are many cultivators in the world, ultimately only a small percentage can cultivate from the Qi Refinement Stage, Foundation Establishment Stage, all the way to the Golden Core Stage and Nascent Soul Stage.

“If you lack special methods and blindly invest, not only will it be inefficient, but more often than not, it will be a waste of effort.”

“I think this is the reason why your cultivation has been so slow.”

He Zhenghao nodded eagerly.

“Therefore, the key lies in finding the right people.”

“So-called ‘Harmony between Heaven and Man’ (天人交感). If there is extraordinary talent, Heaven and Earth will naturally respond with a Heavenly Secret (天機).”

“My Tian Ji Sect (天機宗) has a secret technique that can locate and pinpoint those with extraordinary talents in this world based on the changes in Heavenly Secret within Heaven and Earth.”

“If we bestow favors on them before they grow up…”

Li Fan stopped talking, but He Zhenghao was filled with excitement.

“In this way, the cultivation of the Sitting Mountain Technique will definitely be a hundred, a thousand times faster!”

“Amazing, amazing!” He was lost in his own beautiful fantasies.

It was Li Fan’s cold snort that brought him back to reality.

“Alright, I’ve given you the answer you want. When are you going to change techniques?”

“Anyway, with the Transmutation Chapter of the ‘Supreme Primordial True Scripture’ (太上原始真經), it won’t affect you much.” Li Fan questioned.

He Zhenghao’s expression faltered slightly, and he said awkwardly, “Junior wants to change to a technique that requires a lot of Contribution Points.”

“My resources are a bit tight right now. I’m afraid…”

Li Fan’s face suddenly darkened, “Kid! Are you trying to play me?”

“If that’s the case, don’t blame me for being ruthless.”

Seeing a black light flash in Li Fan’s eyes, He Zhenghao’s hair stood on end. He felt like he was being targeted by an ancient beast, his heart frantically warning him.

He Zhenghao quickly said with a bitter face, “It’s true! It’s true!”

“The technique Junior wants is called the ‘Mountain River Hidden Dragon Technique’ (山河隱龍功). It requires a total of 250,000 Contribution Points to redeem…”

He spoke extremely quickly, spilling all his secrets in one breath.

“Oh?” The black light in Li Fan’s eyes didn’t dissipate.

“So how many Contribution Points have you accumulated now?”

He Zhenghao hesitated.

“I usually keep about a thousand Contribution Points for emergencies. The rest are invested in various channels.”

He Zhenghao took out a Tianxuan Mirror, glanced at it, and his expression changed.

“All in all, I should have… fifteen or sixteen hundred thousand.” He carefully glanced at Li Fan.

To his surprise, Li Fan didn’t get angry. He simply nodded and said, “Hmm, you’re still short 100,000 Contribution Points.”

“Give you a month, that should be enough, right?”

He flicked his finger. He Zhenghao felt a cold sensation enter his body. When he tried to sense it again, he couldn’t detect it.

Li Fan said coldly, “This is the Tian Ji Sect’s secret technique ‘Soul Locking Binding’ (鎖靈縛). No one can undo it except the person who cast the spell.”

“Once the time is up, if the Soul Locking Binding isn’t removed, you will only be reduced to ashes, death and destruction!”

He Zhenghao’s face turned pale at these words.

“Kid, remember! Within a month, change techniques on your own. Otherwise…”

Li Fan glanced at He Zhenghao and was about to flee.

He Zhenghao couldn’t help but lament, “Senior, you’re being too unreasonable! 150,000 into 250,000 in a month! How is that possible! You might as well kill…”

Li Fan suddenly returned and landed in front of He Zhenghao.

He Zhenghao stopped abruptly.

“You little brat, why are you so noisy? I’ve already been merciful by giving you so much time.”

“You can’t turn 150,000 into 250,000 in a month?”

“Then what are you investing in?” Li Fan said impatiently.

He Zhenghao mumbled, looking like he was angry but didn’t dare to say anything.

Li Fan suddenly became furious, “What kind of expression is that?”

He Zhenghao had no choice but to bite the bullet and say, “It’s not that Junior is shirking responsibility, it’s just…”

Li Fan waved his hand, “You kid are just a piece of useless mud. Such a simple matter, it’s as if you’re being asked to give your life.”

“If I were to do it, I wouldn’t need a month. I could do it in seven or eight days.”

The expression on He Zhenghao’s face spoke volumes.

Li Fan sneered, “What? You don’t believe me?”

“How about we make a bet?”

He Zhenghao was unusually tough this time, “Bet on it! But Senior can’t go back on your word if you lose!”



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 426


“Go back on my word? What a joke! I, Li Fan, never break my promises.” Li Fan said with an air of pride.

“Then it’s settled. If I lose, I will voluntarily give up practicing the Sitting Mountain Technique. And if you lose…”

Li Fan looked at He Zhenghao coldly: “I won’t make things difficult for you. Besides immediately changing your cultivation technique, you’ll have to give me half of your assets!”

He Zhenghao’s face changed drastically: “This…this…this…”

“Senior! How can you gamble like that?!”

“Hmm?” Li Fan’s eyes flashed with a hint of killing intent, scaring He Zhenghao, who immediately shut his mouth.

“Does the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance have something like a legal contract nowadays?” Li Fan casually asked. “We can’t just rely on verbal agreements, can we? What do you think?”

How could He Zhenghao dare to disagree? He had no choice but to bite the bullet and purchase a commercial contract from the Tianxuan Mirror.

Li Fan took the contract, pretending to be seeing it for the first time, and carefully studied it, showing a thoughtful expression.

Then he wrote down the agreed terms on it and handed the contract to He Zhenghao.

He Zhenghao looked at the extremely harsh terms on the contract and couldn’t help but hesitate.

“Seven or eight days, from 150,000 into 250,000. This is almost impossible to achieve. My chances of winning are pretty good.”

“Now I’m at the mercy of others. I might as well gamble!”

He Zhenghao’s expression kept changing, but in the end, he gritted his teeth and signed his name on the commercial contract.

Two golden lights entered Li Fan and He Zhenghao’s bodies respectively.

The contract was sealed.

Li Fan then said: “Alright, kid. Quickly hand over the 150,000!”

He Zhenghao was confused: “What 150,000?”

Li Fan glared at He Zhenghao and said matter-of-factly: “Of course it’s your 150,000 contribution points! I just woke up, I’m not a member of your Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

“Where am I going to find that many contribution points to complete the bet?!”

“Naturally, you’ll have to borrow my contribution points for use.”

He Zhenghao was stunned at first, then completely panicked.

You see, if he lost the bet, he would only lose half at most.

But if his investment failed, it was possible to lose everything!

This was a lesson He Zhenghao had learned through blood and tears over the years.

Even in the face of Li Fan’s killing intent that was as substantial as the real world, he still resolutely refused.

After all, the two parties who signed the commercial contract could not harm each other before the contract was completed.

He Zhenghao was sure of this point and refused to take out his life savings no matter what.

He thought Li Fan would get angry, but instead, he suddenly put on a beaming smile.

“Kid, don’t worry. During the bet, I’ll stay here with you and won’t leave.”

“Moreover, I won’t handle your contribution points. I’ll just give you investment advice.”

“In the end, you’ll still have the final say. If you think it’s really inappropriate, I won’t force you.”

…

Li Fan’s words seemed to have a magical power that could bewitch people’s minds.

He Zhenghao unconsciously let down his guard.

“According to him, I have the final say, so there’s really no risk.”

Just like that, soon after, He Zhenghao, in a daze, cashed out all his investments that were scattered everywhere.

Because it was rushed, he lost a little bit.

In total, he actually received 158,000 contribution points.

When he came to his senses, it was too late to regret.

“Alright, He kid, watch my methods.”

He Zhenghao, who was secretly feeling miserable, only saw Li Fan suddenly burst out with an inexplicable wave of energy, his clothes fluttering without wind.

As for him, his eyes were slightly closed, his fingers continuously pinching, as if he was sensing something.

He Zhenghao could only stand aside, not daring to disturb him.

Li Fan calculated for three whole days.

His complexion gradually turned pale, but his aura kept strengthening with the passage of time.

Although He Zhenghao didn’t understand much, he knew that the other party must be at a critical juncture.

He didn’t dare to breathe loudly and stared intently at Li Fan.

“Hiss!”

Li Fan suddenly let out a low cry and pointed to the sky.

He Zhenghao saw a purple energy, as if breaking through the formation, flying towards the sky.

“What kind of divine ability is this…”

He was secretly shocked in his heart.

After a moment, Li Fan suddenly opened his eyes, a smile appearing at the corner of his mouth.

“Got it!”

He Zhenghao was stunned: “What did you get?”

Li Fan didn’t answer but instead asked: “Does the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance have something called ‘Obsidian Jade’ nowadays?”

“Obsidian Jade?” He Zhenghao frowned and searched in the Tianxuan Mirror.

After a while.

He replied: “There is such a thing. It’s a rare refining material. Although it’s precious, it doesn’t have many uses.”

“Senior, why are you asking about this?” He Zhenghao felt a little puzzled.

“Fifteen contribution points, buy all of it!” Li Fan said decisively.

He Zhenghao was shocked: “Why?”

Li Fan impatiently said: “Heaven’s secrets cannot be revealed, just buy it! How much you can earn with 150,000 contribution points, it all depends on this one investment!”

He Zhenghao finally realized and said in disbelief: “Is this your investment strategy, Senior?”

Li Fan looked down at him with disdain and sneered: “Kid, you were still a nobody when I was cultivating the Sitting Mountain Technique! How dare you question me now?”

He Zhenghao opened his mouth but ultimately, under Li Fan’s intimidation, he dared not retort.

However, as a qualified investor, He Zhenghao didn’t rush to buy according to Li Fan’s instructions. Instead, he silently and carefully checked the information about the ‘Obsidian Jade’.

“The biggest and only use of this stone is to forge the ‘Obsidian Boat’ that can travel freely through the earth veins.”

“The amount in existence and the circulation volume are both relatively small, and the price fluctuation is also relatively small.”

“Although it might not make a profit, it should be unlikely to lose money.”

“I’ll listen to him for now. There are still four days left before the bet ends. I don’t believe this thing can really skyrocket in price in such a short time.”

Seeing Li Fan impatiently urging him from the side, He Zhenghao thought for a moment and made a decision.

“Alright, since Senior insists, then I have no choice but to do as you say.”

The price of Obsidian Jade was 280 contribution points per pound.

He Zhenghao bought it while saying to Li Fan: “Senior, you’ve been asleep for a long time, you must know that the world today is different from ancient times.”

“Our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has the Tianxuan Mirror, a treasure that regulates the market, and prices are generally very stable.”

“There might be minor fluctuations, but Senior, you want to get rich by this method…”

He Zhenghao shook his head slightly.

Li Fan snorted coldly: “What are you rambling about, just wait and see!”

“A mere Foundation Establishment cultivator, how can you know the divine abilities of my Tian Ji Sect?!”

He Zhenghao was unconvinced but still closed his mouth.

He held a grudge in his heart and was waiting to see Li Fan’s joke.

Until two days later.

Before his very eyes, he witnessed the price of ‘Obsidian Jade’ skyrocket.



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 427


It only took half a day.

Due to the overwhelming demand, the price continued to rise, showing no signs of stopping.

“How is this possible?”

He Zhenghao looked at Li Fan in shock again.

Li Fan, however, looked solemn and began calculating with his fingers, ignoring him.

He Zhenghao could only look back at the Tianxuan Mirror.

The number representing his contribution points was constantly jumping.

Three hundred and one thousand eight hundred.

Three hundred and two thousand eight hundred and six.

…

His wealth was increasing at a visible rate.

He Zhenghao pinched himself hard, making sure he wasn’t dreaming.

His long-held desire had been so easily fulfilled?

He had spent decades accumulating the first one hundred and fifty thousand.

But the next one hundred and fifty thousand had been earned in less than five days.

Is this the way of investment that Senior Li Fan practiced?

If I could learn this skill…

He Zhenghao felt a surge of blood, his excitement overwhelming him.

He couldn’t wait to brag to his brothers.

Just then, Li Fan’s voice suddenly rang out, dousing him with cold water.

“It’s time to cash out! Sell everything now!”

He Zhenghao froze on the spot. “But the price is still rising…”

“Hmm?”

Li Fan looked at him sideways.

He Zhenghao’s breath hitched.

With a heavy heart, He Zhenghao sold all his Obscure Jade at 630 contribution points per pound.

333,900 contribution points!

“I’m rich!”

He Zhenghao, who had suddenly become wealthy, stared intently at the Tianxuan Mirror, muttering to himself.

He was already fantasizing about how to spend this huge sum.

“Hmph, I told you it would be easy, you wouldn’t believe me.” Li Fan’s voice came, interrupting He Zhenghao’s reverie.

“Alright, the bet is over, you lost. Go ahead and change your cultivation technique.”

He Zhenghao snapped out of it.

He opened the cultivation technique exchange list, looked at the Mountain River Hidden Dragon Technique that he had been longing for, and was about to exchange it, but then he remembered that half of his thirty thousand contribution points had been earned through Li Fan’s guidance.

He cautiously asked, “Senior, about those tens of thousands of…”

Li Fan waved his hand impatiently, “It’s your investment that yielded a profit. I only gave advice. How could I possibly ask for it from you? Besides, I’m not a member of your Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.”

“Moreover, I have the Sitting Mountain Technique, and your contribution points for changing techniques are half mine, so you’re also benefiting from me…”

Li Fan said no more, and He Zhenghao understood.

He was overjoyed.

He thanked Li Fan repeatedly, then exchanged for the Mountain River Hidden Dragon Technique and dispelled his Sitting Mountain Technique cultivation in one go.

To show his sincerity, He Zhenghao even voluntarily signed a contract, completely forgetting the contents of the Sitting Mountain Technique.

Li Fan was pleased with his performance and patted him on the shoulder.

Then he was about to leave.

“Senior, please wait!”

Seeing Li Fan already flying in the air, He Zhenghao suddenly came to his senses and hurriedly shouted.

“What else do you want, you brat?”

Li Fan paused, his brow furrowed.

“Senior has been asleep for a thousand years, just waking up. Why not join our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?”

“Although I’m not qualified to introduce you to Senior, I know many Nascent Soul cultivators…”

Li Fan’s eyes narrowed slightly, as if he was thinking.

He Zhenghao’s heart leaped with joy, and he continued to persuade, “Times are different now. If you don’t join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, it’s difficult to be a lone cultivator.”

“Besides, I told you about the benefits of joining the alliance. Senior has just seen the convenience of the Tianxuan Mirror…”

…

After He Zhenghao’s persistent efforts, Li Fan finally agreed to temporarily join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

He Zhenghao immediately used a communication talisman to contact them.

After busying himself for half a day, He Zhenghao finally relaxed.

“Please wait a moment, Senior.”

“Once everything is settled with my friend, Senior just needs to go to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island and go through the verification process.”

“It’s such a hassle!” Li Fan snorted, looking displeased.

He Zhenghao could only smile apologetically.

After a moment of silence, He Zhenghao finally couldn’t help but ask tentatively, “Senior, how did you know the price of Obscure Jade would skyrocket?”

“I studied it, and there was no indication at all!”

Perhaps because he was bored from waiting, Li Fan explained to He Zhenghao with a hint of self-satisfaction.

“The Heavenly Energy is constantly changing, and ordinary people may not be able to perceive it.”

“But disciples of the Ancient Tianji Sect can use secret methods to understand it.”

“The way of wealth is the same.”

He Zhenghao’s eyes lit up. “There is such a divine ability? It’s so easy to double the investment, if it happens a few times a year…”

Li Fan chuckled, “It’s not that easy.”

“When cultivators peek at Heavenly Secrets, Heaven is also watching them.”

“Perceiving Heavenly Secrets doesn’t always work.”

“Moreover, you have to face the backlash from the will of Heaven, and you can’t use it too many times.”

“This time it was so smooth because I haven’t used this technique for a long time.”

Hearing Li Fan’s explanation, He Zhenghao couldn’t help but feel a little regretful.

But soon he was cheered up again. “Even if it’s only once a year, it’s still incredibly amazing!”

Thinking about 88,000 contribution points he had left after buying the cultivation technique, an idea popped into his mind.

However, he was afraid of offending Li Fan, so he hesitated.

“What are you thinking about?”

Li Fan seemed to see through him and asked directly.

He Zhenghao decided not to hide it anymore and asked cautiously, “Senior, after you join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, could you spare some time to guide me again?”

Li Fan looked at him with a smile.

He Zhenghao knew his request was a bit excessive, but for the sake of contribution points, he still said with a thick face, “Senior’s divine ability is truly unbelievable.”

“We have to rack our brains and worry constantly to make a profit.”

“Unlike Senior, who is so carefree…”

He Zhenghao tried his best to flatter Li Fan.

However, until he received the notification to go to Ten Thousand Immortals Island for the alliance procedures, Li Fan had no intention of agreeing.

Watching Li Fan disappear, He Zhenghao was full of regret and sighed.

However, thinking about the Mountain River Hidden Dragon Technique he had exchanged for, and the remaining contribution points, he couldn’t help but feel a little proud.

“It’s truly a blessing in disguise, who would have thought that a deadlyåŠ« would turn into such a great opportunity for me?”

He was increasingly proud of himself, and he even forgot about cultivating, instead choosing to brag to his friends who usually discussed investment strategies with him.

…

Ten Thousand Immortals Path, deep within the Administrative Hall.

In the same space where countless tall red wooden cabinets stood, Li Fan stood on the white jade Heart Examination Platform, listening to the questions of the elderly man with white hair before him.

“You say you are a cultivator of the Ancient Tianji Sect, and that you fell into a deep slumber due to an accident?”

Li Fan nodded. “That’s right.”



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 428


“It is indeed so!”

Li Fan’s loud voice echoed through the space.

The White Jade Heart Examination Platform remained quiet, without any response.

The old man took another careful look at Li Fan and continued to ask, “May I know where you were in slumber and approximately when you awoke?”

Li Fan showed a displeased expression but still answered in a deep voice, “On the outskirts of Congyun Sea, in an underground cave. As for the time, it should be about twenty-six days ago.”

“Please wait a moment.” The old man said with a smile, then closed his eyes.

Li Fan waited patiently on the Heart Examination Platform.

After a full day had passed, Li Fan began to show signs of impatience.

“Is it not done yet, old man?!”

“Each generation is worse than the last. Back in the day, our Tianji Sect selected disciples without such hassle…”

He muttered softly.

Soon after, the old man opened his eyes.

“Upon verification, a few days ago, there was indeed a cultivator flying out from the Hundred Stone Cave.”

“However, please be patient, there is one last procedure to complete.”

The old man smiled apologetically. As he spoke, a simple bronze mirror appeared above Li Fan’s head.

It emitted a faint green light, enveloping Li Fan.

“It’s here…”

Li Fan’s heart stirred, but he remained unafraid.

In the past, with the Crucible of Ten Thousand Forms combined with the secret technique [One Hand Covers the Sky], he could deceive the upgraded version of the Tianxuan Mirror, the [Xuan Net].

Now, with the addition of the Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart, and only a clone of the Tianxuan Mirror here for verification, the risk of exposure was minimal.

As expected, after a moment, the Tianxuan Mirror retracted its green light and disappeared.

The old man’s expression became even more amiable. “Welcome, fellow Daoist, to our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance!”

“As time flows and everything changes, many significant events have occurred during your years of slumber.”

“If you have any needs, we can assign a specialist to help you quickly adapt to the present life…”

Li Fan waved his hand. “I appreciate the kind offer! However, before coming here, I had some interactions with He Zhenghao from Glass Island, so I am already quite familiar with the affairs of your alliance.”

The old man nodded. “That’s even better. Your identity information has been recorded, and you are now free to move around.”

Upon hearing this, Li Fan strode away.

“By the way, remember, you should change your wording. From now on, it’s not ‘your alliance’ but ‘our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’.” The old man said with a meaningful smile.

Li Fan paused briefly, said nothing, and left directly.

He left the central area of the Ten Thousand Immortals Island and arrived before the Tianxuan Mirror.

Looking at the seemingly ordinary, harmless mirror, Li Fan couldn’t help but recall the green web that covered the entire Xuanhuang Realm in the future.

After staring for a long time, Li Fan took a deep breath and walked into the mirror.

“Ancient cultivator Li Fan, welcome to the future!”

The familiar mechanical voice of the Tianxuan Mirror sounded.

Then followed a series of introductions and explanations about the Tianxuan Mirror.

Li Fan pretended to listen attentively and tried out each function.

After a long time, the voice of the Tianxuan Mirror disappeared.

Li Fan looked at his contribution points balance.

“10,000 points.”

“Such generosity is surprising. I remember when I reached the late Foundation Establishment stage, I only received 1,000 points.”

“Or maybe ancient cultivators get special treatment?”

Shaking his head, he put this insignificant matter aside.

After searching through the technique list in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan took out a pile of jade slips from his storage ring and requested to sell them.

They were the various techniques he had obtained from the Hundred Stone Cave.

Fortunately, these techniques were all unique copies.

There were originally twenty Golden Core techniques and ten Nascent Soul techniques.

Li Fan kept three of each for future use.

He sold all the rest.

The Tianxuan Mirror offered an average of 13,000 points per Golden Core technique and 85,000 points per Nascent Soul technique.

Li Fan didn’t haggle and sold them directly.

In an instant, his account balance became 826,000 contribution points.

“Trading techniques is really fast money, much easier than my years of teaching at Mingyue Palace.”

“Demand is truly high.”

Li Fan couldn’t help but sigh.

“With more than 800,000 contribution points, it’s enough to last for a while. But it’s still not enough…”

Currently, Li Fan was in the mid-Golden Core stage.

In eight years, or 16 years as the anchor point, the Five Elements Great Subworld would be discovered and then moved to the core area of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

In 36 years as the anchor point, the Void of Tianling Continent would reappear, drawing the attention of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

This meant Li Fan only had 20 years.

Time was tight, and Li Fan had to reach the peak of the Golden Core stage within eight years.

Only then would he be qualified to plot for the Void of Tianling Continent.

Eight years to advance from mid-Golden Core to peak Golden Core.

Given Li Fan’s cultivation aptitude, it was challenging.

So, he naturally had to use some methods.

Li Fan looked at his reflection in the mirror.

It wasn’t his original twenty-year-old appearance.

Instead, he looked like a middle-aged man in his forties or fifties.

This was achieved through the [Mystical Transformation of True Spirits] technique.

“Disguising oneself and not showing the true face gives a unique sense of security in this perilous Xuanhuang Realm.”

“If things go wrong, it’s just a matter of changing identities.”

Li Fan smiled faintly and purchased the materials needed for refining a clone from the Tianxuan Mirror.

Then, through the teleportation array, he arrived at Taian Island.

After using the Formless Killing Intent to lock onto Zhou Qingang, the spy of the Five Elders Association, who guarded Taian Island.

Pretending to leave Taian Island, he didn’t go far but lurked underwater.

After waiting for more than a month, he finally got the chance when Zhou Qingang went out to sea alone.

Following him to a deserted sea area.

He suddenly activated the Binding Insect divine power and captured him.

Taking him to the seabed, he dug out a secret chamber as usual.

Without any nonsense, he lightly tapped his finger, activating the Cloud Water Dream Technique.

Zhou Qingang immediately fell asleep.

With the experience of the previous life, Li Fan knew that Zhou Qingang’s soul contained a special restriction from the Five Elders Association.

If he forced a soul search, it would trigger the restriction, causing his soul to scatter.

So, in this life, Li Fan used a different method, constructing a false dream world to explore his innermost secrets.

Gradually, a smile appeared at the corner of Zhou Qingang’s mouth.

In the dream, he had been lurking in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for hundreds of years.

Starting from the grassroots, when he broke through to the Nascent Soul stage, he finally became the master of Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

With his inside help, the Five Elders Association launched a massive attack, capturing the entire Congyun Sea in just a few days.

And Zhou Qingang finally returned home with great merit and pride.

…

“Land of Gentlemen?”

Looking at Zhou Qingang, who was immersed in the illusion, Li Fan mused thoughtfully.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 429


According to Zhou Qing’ang’s memory, under the rule of the Five Elders Association, there were five “Celestial Realms” in total, each governed by different Longevity Immortals.

Each “Celestial Realm” had starkly different characteristics from the others.

His homeland was called the “Land of Gentlemen.”

It got its name because no one within could tell a lie.

Of course, that was what the people within the “Land of Gentlemen” called themselves.

Cultivators from other parts of the Five Elders Association preferred to call it the “Land of Truth.”

Regardless of what it was called, it didn’t affect its wonderful essence.

There, people were always honest with each other, always showing their truest selves.

Although some killing was inevitable from time to time, compared to the outside world filled with lies, Zhou Qing’ang loved his homeland deeply.

To the north of the “Land of Truth” was the dream destination of countless cultivators, the “Land of Carefree Bliss.”

As for the other three realms, Zhou Qing’ang was still young when he was chosen for spy training, so he didn’t get to know about them.

…

As the dream was about to shatter, Li Fan replayed the dream sequence again.

To ensure the accuracy of the information obtained.

He repeated this process three times.

Taking some biological materials from Zhou Qing’ang, Li Fan began to use them as a template to create a doppelganger.

Several days later.

A body identical to Zhou Qing’ang’s appeared.

Li Fan nodded slightly, then followed the same method, activating the Mystical Transformation of True Spirits to change himself into Zhou Qing’ang’s appearance as well.

A rather eerie scene appeared in this small underwater secret chamber.

Three bodies with completely identical appearances, but with different expressions.

“Marvelous, marvelous!”

Li Fan nodded with satisfaction.

Looking at the still unconscious Zhou Qing’ang with a smile on his face, a strange light flashed in Li Fan’s eyes.

“I won’t kill you in this life, to avoid leaving any traces.”

“Being forever immersed in an illusory dream might not be a bad thing for you.”

Using materials at hand, Li Fan crafted a stone coffin for Zhou Qing’ang.

After placing him inside, he scattered a pile of spirit stones to maintain his vitality.

Li Fan then set up an array with “Cloud Water Dream Illusion” as its core.

It could maintain an illusory realm for at least twenty years.

He then sealed the stone coffin with huge rocks and buried it deep in the seabed.

“This way, no one in the world except me should discover that you’ve disappeared.”

After dealing with all traces, Li Fan’s gaze seemed to penetrate the seabed, looking at Zhou Qing’ang sleeping in the illusory dream, and said with satisfaction.

His actions were inspired by the “Eternal Immortal Wall” from the future “Xuan Net” timeline.

When cultivators in the Xuanhuang Realm die, the heaven and earth respond, and strange phenomena appear in the sky.

Li Fan hadn’t yet mastered a method to prevent these phenomena from occurring.

And now, he couldn’t let others discover that the real Zhou Qing’ang was already dead.

Using this method was the most suitable solution.

After doing all this, the doppelganger returned to Tai’an Island to continue as the guardian of the Tai’an Island.

The true body then headed towards the meeting point with the superior, as remembered in Zhou Qing’ang’s memory.

Zhou Qing’ang actually knew very little about his superior.

The contact had always been mostly one-way.

And after each meeting, the location for the next meeting would change.

Li Fan arrived at an uninhabited island and searched it, indeed finding an ordinary-looking stone.

Only in specific positions were there a few inconspicuous small holes.

These small holes represented coordinates from the Congyun Sea.

Li Fan calculated the location for this meeting based on the coordinates.

After crushing the stone, he flew directly towards that location.

A day later.

In a ruin at the bottom of the sea, Li Fan found his target.

A seemingly ordinary broken stone.

Li Fan placed both hands on it, simultaneously activating a secret technique, his palms emitting a yellow light.

In an instant, the same pale yellow glow emerged from the broken stone, quickly scanning over Li Fan’s entire body.

Verification passed, the light returned to the broken stone.

Soon after, the surface of the broken stone became smooth as a mirror.

A blurry face image appeared within.

“What’s going on? Didn’t I tell you to lay low and not contact me recently?”

The other party’s tone was icy, reprimanding.

Li Fan, imitating Zhou Qing’ang’s tone, said: “Boss! I have important intelligence to report this time, that’s why I made an exception to contact you!”

“Important intelligence?” The other side was clearly skeptical, with an unfriendly tone,

“Let’s hear it.”

Li Fan lowered his voice and leaned in closer, saying: “A fellow cultivator I’ve befriended, according to him, he can get hold of the test questions for this Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s entrance exam.”

The face first froze, then immediately cursed: “Another con artist? You believe such an outrageous thing? And you specially report it to me?”

“Zhou Qing’ang, oh Zhou Qing’ang, have you been in the Cloud Sea for so long that your brain’s waterlogged?”

Li Fan immediately put on a very wronged expression: “Boss, this time it’s as true as it can be! I can guarantee it!”

Seeing Li Fan’s earnest appearance, the face also became somewhat hesitant.

“How so?”

Li Fan said: “This fellow cultivator of mine has connections above!”

“I reported to you before that I had befriended He Zhenghao, the guardian of Liuli Island, right? This person, like me, is at the Foundation Establishment realm. Not long ago, he was complaining to me about how hard it is to accumulate contribution points, saying he wanted to change his cultivation method but didn’t know how long it would take.”

“Who would have thought, after not seeing him for a few days, he had already switched to an Nascent Soul cultivation method!”

Li Fan narrated with an exaggerated tone.

“Such an anomaly naturally caught my attention. I went to great lengths to find out…”

By now, the face had been somewhat drawn in by what Li Fan was saying.

Seeing him suddenly withhold information, he immediately scolded: “Hurry up and speak!”

Li Fan chuckled: “This He Zhenghao is no simple character!”

“On the surface, he seems just an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator. But in reality, his background is frighteningly powerful!”

“He has a daughter called He Xinxin. Hmph, in fact, she should be called Heng Xinxin!”

“Boss, have you heard of the Heng family from Tianyu Prefecture of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?”

“The apple of the Heng family’s eye, Heng Ruoshui, who became a Nascent Soul Weaving Master at a young age, is actually He Zhenghao’s old flame!”

“Who would believe this if it were said? But it turns out to be true!”

“Previously, it seems that because He Zhenghao’s cultivation level was too low, he was forced to cut ties with the Heng family. That’s why he was living quite poorly.”

“But recently, it seems that things have taken a turn for the worse.”

Li Fan paused, looked at the human face, and continued, “He Xinxin has already reached adulthood, and she is very reluctant to let go of her old father when she knows that he is leading such a pitiful life. But if she helps openly and honestly, she is afraid of being discovered by her family.”

“So she had to change the way, quietly delivering the news she overheard to He Zhenghao.”

“It was by relying on his own daughter’s help that He Zhenghao was considered to have completely turned over!”

Li Fan’s tone was a bit excited and envious: “He knew in advance about the news that [Obscure Jade] was going to skyrocket, so he dumped his savings money and purchased it in one full swoop.”

“After the price doubled, it was immediately sold off.”

“In one go, he made over a hundred thousand contribution degrees!”

“Over a hundred thousand ah! Head! This has to be enough to fund me for how many years!”

“He Zhenghao was also afraid that word would leak out and be unfavorable to his daughter. So he made up a set of nonsense about how he relied on the guidance of the ancient Tian Ji Sect cultivators and spread it around.”

“I pooh! Truly treating us as fools!”

“Boss, fortunately, I was quick-witted and pestered him by all means and softly, and only then did I get the truth out of his mouth.”

Li Fan took credit with a confident face.

“The source of the leaked test questions for this entry exam is likewise from He Xinxin.”

“Boss, do you think it’s reliable?”

The silhouette on the broken stone didn’t move in anger this time, but remained silent, seemingly looking for something.

After a long time, the human face voices came one after another.

“Heng Ruoshui does have a daughter, it’s just that the identity of the father has always been a mystery.”

“But many years ago, she once returned home in the company of a youth. But not long afterward, the youth was nowhere to be found.”

“Let me see what he looks like. ……”

“Sure enough, it’s He Zhenghao!”

The human face was shocked.

“There’s also this ……”

“Before Obscure Jade skyrocketed, there was an unusual trading record. Someone went on a buying spree and later dumped it at a high point.”

“The timing of the grasp is just too good, making it hard to believe that it wasn’t known in advance as insider information.”

“The purchaser ……”

“It’s still He Zhenghao!”

A loud sound similar to slapping a table with force came from the side of the face.

“In that case, the test questions for the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s Entrance Examination are most likely true?”

The other party’s breathing couldn’t help but become rapid.

Li Fan couldn’t help but nod his head, “That’s why I hurriedly came to find you, Boss! You should know that the Grand Entrance Examination will be held soon.”

“If we can get the test questions in advance before then ……”

“Then we’ll be able to put nails in more key positions in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance!”

The face obviously understood the seriousness of the matter and hurriedly asked, “What did he say?”

At this time, Li Fan, however, suddenly became somewhat hesitant.

Swallowing, he said, “Boss, He Zhenghao’s price this time is a bit high ……”

The face angrily rebuked, “Just say it when I tell you to say it! It’s just a little bit of spirit stone, how can you compare it to the entry exam questions?”

Li Fan stretched out his hand and gestured, “He wants this amount?”

“Half a million contribution degrees? It’s not like you can’t ……” The human face hadn’t finished his words.

Li Fan hastily shook his head and cut him off, “No, it’s five million.”

The face instantly froze.

“Five million? He’s crazy, right?!” His voice trembled a little.

But soon, the human face reacted.

His face suddenly darkened, and there was a hint of murderous aura in his voice, “You’ve been exposed?!”

“Facing an individual, who is still only a Foundation Establishment cultivator, he definitely wouldn’t have offered such an outrageous price.”

“Unless, he already knows that behind you, is an organization ……”

The image on the broken stone flickered, seeming to disappear at any time.

The face stared at Li Fan dead in the face, waiting for his answer.

Li Fan, on the other hand, was somewhat speechless, “Boss, in your mind, am I that unprofessional?”

“I just told him that I have someone behind me as well.”

“

“Anyone working in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance has connections. You can’t get a job there without some personal ties.”

“Don’t worry head, even if He Zheng Hao has some speculations, he would never be right to think of me towards the aspect of a spy.”

“In reality, He Zhenghao is just casting a wide net. He also knows the risks of selling entry test questions, so he’s only doing a one-shot deal.”

“He only deals with one party, and limits the number of people who know the questions to no more than ten who will take the entrance exam.”

……

Only after listening to Li Fan’s explanation did the human face gradually ease up.

The screen became bright and clear again, and the human face carefully analyzed it for a while and said, “Fifty thousand per person, although the cost is a bit high, but it’s still acceptable.”

“It’s just that the number is huge after all. If the test questions given by this He Zhenghao are fake ……”

Li Fan was unimpressed and said, “He Zhenghao, he said that there are seven days for the big entrance exam anyway. He can give us the first day’s exam questions for free first. After it’s determined to be correct, then we’ll make the final deal.”

Hearing this, Man couldn’t help but thump his heart.

(Hey Guys I forgot about the wife? What was she? Nascent Soul Weaving Master came out in the translation I am not sure what weaving master mean.)

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 430


However, five million contribution points was not a small sum. The face did not make a decision immediately.

After pondering for a moment, the face said cautiously: “This matter still needs to be carefully considered. We will meet again after seven days.”

After transmitting a coordinate location to Li Fan, the face quietly disappeared.

But in an instant, it reappeared.

“By the way, no matter what, this person He Zhenghao has a very high value to be cultivated.”

“You must maintain a good relationship with him. Even if this test question is fake, just because of his relationship with the Heng family of Tianyu Province, it is worth us spending a fortune.”

“Previously I heard you report that this person is most fascinated by formations?”

“Perhaps we can start from this aspect.”

The face gave a few more instructions before finally leaving.

After glowing yellow, the smooth piece of broken stone shattered inch by inch, falling to the ground.

Li Fan stepped forward to examine it, discovering that it had been completely destroyed.

Standing on the spot and pondering for a moment, Li Fan, still in the guise of Zhou Qingang, quietly flew away.

After flying far enough and ensuring that no one was following or monitoring him along the way, Li Fan transformed back into his original middle-aged appearance in the shadows.

“The bait has been laid, let’s see if the Five Elders Association takes the hook.”

While flying, Li Fan recalled Zhou Qingang’s memories about the Five Elders Association.

“Land of Carefree Bliss…”

“Presumably, the one who controls this domain is the Longevity Venerable who can make people forget disasters.”

“But what’s with that Land of Truth? The laws of Heaven and Earth that the Longevity Venerable of Tranquility has reversed should pretty much cover the entirety of the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“But ‘Unable to Lie’ clearly does not affect other areas, only taking effect in specific regions.”

“Sister Zhao’s ‘One Heart’ seems to be the same.”

“Tranquility and Transmission should be one level higher than these two…”

“No wonder the Five Elders Association, with five Longevity Venerable, still fears Transmission.”

“Even if they try to test, they are extremely cautious.”

Li Fan thought thoughtfully.

This connection with the Five Elders Association was not a whim on Li Fan’s part.

Besides maximizing the use of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s entry exam questions for profit.

In the future, to prevent the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Array from purifying towards the ‘Xuan Net’ direction, the balance of the Five Elders Association is also crucial.

Having a clone as a spy for the Five Elders Association would make future actions much easier.

Next, Li Fan did not return to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island, but flew towards the southeast sea area of the Congyun Sea.

The secluded small island in the center of the sea area was Li Fan’s destination.

After half a day, Li Fan saw the complex courtyard on the island from afar.

In the courtyard, five cultivators were sitting cross-legged.

An old man with rosy cheeks and white hair, looking very energetic, was pacing back and forth by the cultivators.

He kept muttering about profound and obscure words that were difficult to understand.

This Foundation Establishment Stage cultivator was the ‘Foundation Establishment Master’ whom Li Fan had encountered years ago.

Including Li Chenfeng, the gatekeeper, and the surname-Xiao man who played the role of the actor.

These three were actually fraudster cultivators who had sneaked over from the small world.

Their home, a small world called ‘Empire,’ was trying to break free from the shackles of the Xuanhuang Realm with the combined effort of 100,000 Realm-Splitting Whales.

And they were tasked with stealing cultivation scriptures from the Xuanhuang Realm.

The goal was to re-establish a cultivation lineage in ‘Empire’ after it separated from the Xuanhuang Realm.

It was a pipe dream for ordinary cultivators at the Foundation Establishment Stage to accumulate enough contribution points to exchange for Dao Integration techniques.

So they took a risky approach, accumulating wealth through this deceptive method.

Li Fan came to find them, not because he was interested in their meager contribution points.

But because he wanted to use the ‘Foundation Establishment Master’s’ fame among numerous Qi Refinement cultivators.

Li Fan smiled slightly, changing to another unfamiliar face.

He landed in front of the Foundation Establishment Master with a confident air.

“Calm your mind, focus your spirit, and deeply comprehend…” The Foundation Establishment Master was swaying his head and reciting words like chanting sutras.

Seeing Li Fan descending from the sky, his words stopped abruptly.

“Golden Core cultivator?”

In an instant, countless thoughts flooded the Foundation Establishment Master’s mind.

But years of lurking had taught him to feign composure. “I wonder, senior…”

Li Fan, however, waved his hand lightly, first knocking out the other four Qi Refinement cultivators present.

Only the surname-Xiao actor and the Foundation Establishment Master remained. Then he said calmly: “It’s you, who sneaked over from the small world?”

His words made the two change color.

The Foundation Establishment Master was about to argue, but he felt a net suddenly ensnare him.

He lost control of his body, unable to even speak.

He couldn’t even commit suicide.

Despair flashed in the Foundation Establishment Master’s eyes.

Li Fan was about to speak when he suddenly felt something rapidly approaching from behind.

He instantly shifted, dodging out of the way.

Turning around, Li Fan’s eyes narrowed.

He saw a figure about six feet tall standing there. Judging by his appearance, it was the Qi Refinement cultivator Li Chenfeng.

However, his appearance had undergone drastic changes.

His body had expanded several times, and his body surface had grown horns like a strange beast’s shell.

Two pairs of transparent wings behind him flapped rapidly, keeping him suspended in the air.

His hands had been replaced by a pair of sharp, dark golden claws.

His face seemed to be covered with a strange beast’s mask, only revealing two eyes.

He looked like a combination of man and beast, with a grotesque beauty under the sunlight.

“Interesting. What is this?”

The changes before him were beyond Li Fan’s expectations.

He stared at Li Chenfeng, realizing that this strange beast-like body could actually achieve a certain degree of divine sense shielding.

This six-foot giant, when sensed by divine sense, was only the size of a flying insect.

“Senior, please spare our lives. Pretend you didn’t see us, okay?”

Li Chenfeng’s words rang out, a mixture of two voices.

But before Li Fan could answer, his massive body vanished from where he stood.

He appeared behind Li Fan.

His giant claws raised high, about to tear Li Fan’s head apart.

Li Fan’s face slightly changed.

Because he discovered that the Binding Insect technique was useless against Li Chenfeng.

This was the first time since he learned it from the Worm Apprentice.

However, he remained calm, instantly setting up several formations around him.

He flipped his hand, striking out with a palm.

The azure giant palm collided with the dark golden giant claw, causing a deafening roar.

Li Fan took this opportunity to pull back, and at the same time, a blue water sword illuminated the sky.

The Cloud Water Sword pierced through Li Chenfeng’s body, splitting him in two.

Countless blood rained down, but Li Fan did not relax his guard.

Because Li Chenfeng’s body, which had been cut in half, instantly healed its wounds.

Then, one on each side, they charged towards Li Fan.

Just then, the formations Li Fan had set up earlier silently activated.

After flying forward for a while, Li Chenfeng seemed to freeze in mid-air, unable to move forward another step!

(To be continued…)

TL Note: This Chapter was very very hard to translate. I made some changes in the chapter 407 related to Longevity Immortal. Transmission Immortal is same as Law Bestowing Immortal.

I will list some glossary in this page. Do comment if I got it wrong.

This is the cultivation method I got.

Qi Transformation

Foundation Building

Golden Core

Nascent Soul

Soul Transformation

Dao Integration -> Immortal Sage

Longevity Immortal -> are called Longevity Venerable or just Venerable

?? ??

So far we know Longevity Immortal => Transmission/Law Bestowing Venerable, Tranquility

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 431


It wasn’t that Li Chenfeng had stopped flying.

Rather, between him and Li Fan, an uncrossable chasm seemed to appear out of thin air.

Though close in proximity, they were worlds apart. No matter how enraged Li Chenfeng became, no matter how rapidly the two pairs of wings on his back flapped,

He couldn’t escape this invisible cage.

The Two-Yi Dust Array!

Although Li Fan had only set up a simplified version, it was more than enough to contain Li Chenfeng, who was only at the Qi Refinement stage and relied on his formidable physique combined with his beastly transformation.

“The Binding Insect actually failed.” Li Fan looked at Li Chenfeng, whose face was contorted with rage, with a look of great interest.

Taking a step forward, Li Fan’s figure instantly appeared within the array, behind Li Chenfeng.

Before Li Chenfeng could react, Li Fan swung his Great Five Element Annihilation Sword, slicing off a large piece of the armor-like keratin from one half of Li Chenfeng’s body.

Li Chenfeng let out a painful and furious howl, about to retaliate, but Li Fan had already left the Two-Yi Dust Array, making his attack go astray.

Ignoring Li Chenfeng’s resentful roar, Li Fan held the keratin he had cut off, examining it carefully.

It was still warm to the touch, but the texture was remarkably hard.

Li Fan controlled the spiritual energy within his body, condensing a Water Blade and shooting it at the keratin.

“Clang!”

After a crisp sound, the Water Blade was actually deflected.

The keratin only had a faint, shallow mark, and it quickly disappeared as the flesh around the edge of the keratin squirmed.

“Comparable to the attack of a normal Golden Core mid-stage cultivator, it can’t even break through the defense.” Li Fan was somewhat surprised.

“It’s still very active, and it seems to have its own independent consciousness. Perhaps if it’s given enough nutrition and time, it could grow into another complete body.”

He had never seen anything like it before. This time, Li Fan’s gaze towards Li Chenfeng and the others was completely different.

“The small world that can control one hundred thousand Realm Breaking Whales, it’s not going to be that simple.”

“Now, let me see how far your empire has developed.”

Li Fan’s divine sense suddenly enveloped Li Chenfeng and the other three.

Cloud Water Dream Technique, activate!

Li Chenfeng, who was still struggling, instantly fell silent.

The keratin layer of the external beast slowly receded, returning to his original harmless, handsome young man appearance.

His eyes were closed, and his facial expressions kept changing.

On the other hand, the Foundation Establishment Master and the man with the surname Xiao were already immersed in beautiful dreams, unable to extricate themselves.

Time slowly passed.

Three days later, Li Chenfeng finally let down his guard and all three of them showed contented smiles.

Li Fan slowly opened his eyes.

“This is…”

A hint of confusion flashed through his mind.

The small world where Li Chenfeng was located was a unique world with only an endless ocean.

There were no islands in the ocean.

Only giant Sky-Supporting Turtles, with humans living on their backs, constantly swimming through the ocean.

In the sky, a massive corpse of a Three-Headed Divine Bird floated.

It occupied almost one-third of the sky.

The Three-Headed Divine Bird had been dead for an unknown number of years, but its corpse remained incorruptible.

Originally, various kinds of strange beasts gathered on it, feeding on the corpse of the Three-Headed Divine Bird.

Many years ago, a peerless genius appeared in one of the human tribes on a Sky-Supporting Turtle.

He mastered the ability to control beasts and selflessly passed it on to other human tribes.

Under his leadership, humans successfully defeated the beasts that had been entrenched on the corpse of the Three-Headed Divine Bird.

From then on, they established a unified human empire on the corpse of the Divine Bird.

After thousands of years of development, the empire had reached its peak in terms of the development and utilization of beasts.

Beasts had permeated every aspect of the empire’s human society.

People could conveniently take a newly bred hybrid beast, the Wide-Back Peng, to travel around the world.

They could also tame beasts to hunt in the ocean, the sky, and even beyond the small world, in the void.

The empire had even developed a technology that combined the power of beasts with humans.

This was the Beast God Armor that Li Chenfeng was wearing.

However, even with so many achievements, a shadow always lingered over the empire.

It made the empire’s humans uneasy.

Because the Three-Headed Divine Bird they regarded as a god did not die a natural death.

It didn’t even have only three heads before its death.

The so-called Three-Headed Divine Bird should have been a Nine-Headed Bird.

This terrifying existence, which the empire’s people couldn’t even imagine, had its six heads brutally cut off by someone.

Then it was thrown here to die.

The empire’s people were not completely unaware of the culprit.

They knew that it was called a Immortal.

Legends still circulated among the tribes about the Immortal who banished their ancestors here.

The empire’s people felt both fear and longing for the Immortal.

Because although the empire was very developed, they still couldn’t solve the problem of human lifespan.

In the empire, those who could live for a hundred years were already considered extremely long-lived.

Therefore, they coveted the Immortal arts, which were rumored to possess both powerful strength and the ability to prolong life.

After countless attempts that cost many lives, the empire’s pioneers finally crossed the Xian-Banishing Array and came to the Xuanhuang Realm.

Unfortunately, the news they found out was disappointing.

To cultivate Xian arts, one must have spiritual energy.

The world where the empire was located did not have the so-called spiritual energy.

Moreover, there was a restriction that prohibited the simultaneous cultivation of different arts.

For the empire’s people, who found it incredibly difficult to even obtain a single Immortal cultivation technique, cultivating immortality seemed like an unattainable dream.

But the tenacious empire’s people did not give up.

Instead, they continuously sent people to infiltrate the Xuanhuang Realm to gather more information.

At the same time, they formed think tanks to study possible methods of cultivating immortality.

Thus, through the efforts of generations, a plan that seemed like a fantasy was proposed.

First, there was the issue of spiritual energy.

The solution to this problem was purely accidental.

The empire’s holy land, where the head of the Divine Bird was located.

At the point where the six heads were severed, there were still traces of the sword that had once slain the Divine Bird.

This sword was incredibly powerful.

For thousands of years, the sword energy continued unabated, suppressing the vengeful spirit of the Nine-Headed Bird.

All beasts would sense it and instinctively avoid the sword energy.

Once, an empire citizen violated the law and visited the sword mark, secretly bringing his pet beast with him.

Unexpectedly, he triggered the sword energy.

The citizen was unharmed, but the sword energy instantly killed the beast.

While the empire’s guard captured the citizen, they accidentally discovered that a luminous crystal core remained from the beast that should have been turned into nothingness by the sword energy.

If they hadn’t had contact with the Xuanhuang Realm before, the empire’s people might not have known what this crystal core was.

However, those who had once practiced Dao arts were shocked to discover that the energy in this crystal core could actually replace spiritual energy for their cultivation.

Later, through the empire’s research, they found that only some beast species had crystal cores.

Fortunately, a species called the Flying Sphere Beast bred extremely quickly and was easy to tame.

After the first large-scale breeding, the empire harvested hundreds of thousands of crystal cores.

Among them, they discovered a mutated, refined version.

A Qi Refinement early-stage Dao practitioner successfully broke through to Qi Refinement Perfection with the help of these crystal cores.

Unfortunately, due to the restrictions of Immortal art cultivation, they couldn’t progress further.

However, even so, it gave the empire a glimmer of hope for cultivating immortality.

The next problem to solve was the need for various mediums for cultivating Immortal arts and the restriction against cultivating different arts simultaneously.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 432


After thoroughly understanding the history of the Xuanhuang Realm and carefully researching and verifying it with the few cultivators in the Empire, the think tank reached a bold conclusion.

These restrictions were very likely only effective within the Xuanhuang Realm.

Because the cultivation techniques stolen by the Empire’s fraudsters, while also subject to the restriction of “laws cannot be cultivated together,” did not have the same clear perception of the location of those who cultivated the same techniques as in the Xuanhuang Realm.

In other words, the restrictions were weakened.

This was probably due to the fact that the Empire was not in the Xuanhuang Realm itself, but rather in an affiliated small world.

So, the solution to this problem was obvious.

That was to break free from the shackles and leave the Xuanhuang Realm.

To become an independent small world.

For ordinary mortal civilizations, this might be an impossible task.

But for the Empire, which could control the power of beasts, it was definitely worth a try.

When the first generation of fraudsters crossed the Immortal Extinction Great Array and went to the Xuanhuang Realm.

The group of Realm Breaking Whales hovering in the void had already caught the Empire’s attention.

After hundreds of years of trying and countless sacrifices of warriors, the Empire finally succeeded in capturing a lone Realm Breaking Whale.

And subsequently, they achieved large-scale breeding of Realm Breaking Whales.

Unlike other exotic beasts, Realm Breaking Whales reproduced through a peculiar method called “solitary reproduction.”

Any individual in the population seemed to be able to produce offspring simply by absorbing unknown energy from the void.

However, before this, the Empire had not considered using Realm Breaking Whales to escape the Xuanhuang Realm.

Those numerous and massive Realm Breaking Whales were primarily used as food in the Empire.

Realm Breaking Whale meat was delicious and had the effect of improving one’s physique if consumed consistently over a long period.

It was very popular in the Empire.

But since the plan to leave the Xuanhuang Realm was established, the Empire ordered the protection of Realm Breaking Whales and banned private consumption.

The entire nation mobilized its resources to cultivate Realm Breaking Whales.

Furthermore, they once again dispatched elite fraudsters to the Xuanhuang Realm to steal cultivation techniques.

Before this, the Empire’s highest level of cultivation technique was the Nascent Soul realm.

Considering that they would be completely cut off from the Xuanhuang Realm in the future, it would be extremely difficult to independently deduce realms from scratch without reference to cultivation techniques beyond the Nascent Soul realm.

Therefore, the Empire decided that it would be best to acquire Dao Integration realm cultivation techniques.

If that wasn’t possible, then at least Soul Transformation realm techniques.

To achieve this goal, the Empire sent a total of more than a dozen extremely loyal warriors to sneak into the Xuanhuang Realm.

To avoid a complete wipeout, they formed small groups of a few people each, and besides their group members, they were unaware of each other’s identities.

Zhu Shaotang and Xiao Jin were originally from the same group.

Another member of the group died due to an accident, and Li Chenfeng was a backup member who arrived later.

For all these years, the three of them had been steadfast in their mission, accumulating contribution points, trying to exchange for Dao Integration realm cultivation techniques and then escape back to their homeland.

Until Li Fan arrived out of nowhere and caught them all.

From Li Chenfeng’s memories, Li Fan also learned that there was still debate within the Empire about whether to leave the Xuanhuang Realm.

The strongest opposition group had a simple reason.

Such actions, if discovered, would bring about the Empire’s downfall.

So what if they could control beasts?

Could they withstand a sword strike from an Immortal?

The nine-headed Divine Bird, whose head had been severed, was still staring at us with eyes wide open in death!

Due to the innate fear of Immortals, the opposition group had a strong presence in the Empire.

However, the ruler of the Empire, the Empress, forcibly suppressed all opposition for the time being.

The ultimate law stealing plan was thus implemented.

The Empress was the descendant of the person who first awakened the ability to control beasts.

“The Imperial family of the Empire is surnamed Xu…”

Exotic beasts, the Xu surname.

The combination of these two words made it difficult for Li Fan not to associate them with Xu Ke of the Imperial Beast Sect he had encountered in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

But it was also possible that it was simply a coincidence.

“I once saw in ancient texts that there were such crystal cores inside ancient demonic beasts.”

“Some cultivators could even absorb the power within them for cultivation.”

“I thought they had gone extinct, but now it seems that a few beasts still possess them.”

“It seems that the current beasts are indeed descendants of ancient demonic beasts.”

The sword mark left by the sword energy that had persisted for thousands of years vaguely hinted at the Imperial Beast Sect of the past.

Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a bit interested in this small world.

“Perhaps in the future, I can spare some time to explore this Empire.”

“But for now, the important things come first.”

Li Fan looked at Li Chenfeng and the others who were lost in their dreams and snapped his fingers lightly.

In an instant, their beautiful dreams shattered, and the three of them returned to reality.

Their faces were initially filled with confusion. After looking around, they gradually came to their senses.

The experience they had just had—their successful theft of cultivation techniques, the Empire’s escape from the Xuanhuang Realm, the development of their own lineage…

It was all just a dream.

“You’re quite bold.”

Li Fan’s light words, but to their ears, they were like thunder.

Li Chenfeng and the others immediately turned pale with fear, their hearts filled with despair.

Their own deaths didn’t matter.

The only thing they feared was that their homeland would be implicated.

At that time, if an Immortal were to unleash their wrath, it wouldn’t just be a matter of thousands of deaths.

But tragically, they couldn’t even commit suicide now.

However, to their surprise, the powerful cultivator in front of them said something that was completely unexpected.

“Very good! I admire you.”

Li Fan nodded in satisfaction and released Li Chenfeng and the others from their restraints.

The three of them exchanged glances, but they still didn’t dare to act rashly.

Zhu Shaotang cautiously asked, “Senior, are you planning to let us go?”

Li Fan chuckled, “I never intended to hold you accountable. The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance losing cultivation techniques has nothing to do with me.”

“On the contrary, it was you who were aggressive. If I didn’t have a few skills, I might have carelessly lost my life here.”

Li Fan’s lips curled into a smile as he looked at Li Chenfeng.

Li Chenfeng took a deep breath and hurriedly said, “It was my fault for being reckless. Please forgive me, Senior.”

As he spoke, Li Chenfeng actually knelt down on both knees and was about to kneel before Li Fan to apologize.

Li Fan shook his head and stopped him.

“There’s no need for that formality in front of me. Come, let’s go to your secret room. I have something to tell you.”

Upon hearing this, Zhu Shaotang and the others all looked uneasy.

They never expected that their supposedly secret arrangement would be so easily seen through by this person.

Their hearts filled with anxiety, the three of them followed Li Fan into the secret room in the courtyard.

Li Fan’s next words instantly dispelled the anxiety in their hearts.

Instead, they were filled with the joy of a reprieve from death.

“To be honest, I am also from a small world outside the Xuanhuang Realm.”

Li Fan said slowly.



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 433


“My home, called the Dali.”

“Unlike yours, the Dali has a towering volcano at its center.”

“Every once in a while, the volcano erupts, taking countless lives with it.”

“And in recent years, its activity has become increasingly frequent.”

“It’s clear that the Dali’s ultimate fate is to be completely swallowed by the volcano’s lava.”

“Hundreds of years ago, I ventured alone to the Xuanhuang Realm, seeking a way to save my home.”

Li Fan, his eyes filled with reminiscence, spoke to Li Chenfeng and the others.

“Unfortunately, although I found a temporary way to suppress the volcano, to completely eradicate the hidden danger, my current cultivation is still insufficient.”

“But that’s not the point.”

Li Fan abruptly changed the subject.

“During my time in the Xuanhuang Realm, I came into contact with many mortals like myself, who had smuggled themselves out of their small worlds.”

“They often lived extremely difficult lives. Out of sympathy, I would always try to lend a helping hand.”

“It was because of this that I was able to join the organization I’m a part of now. And that’s also why I’m here to see you today.”

Li Chenfeng and the others were stunned: “What organization?”

Li Fan spoke with utmost seriousness, “An organization dedicated to uniting all the outer realms to launch a counterattack against the Immortal Realm.”

“Counter…attack the Immortal Realm?” The three of them were utterly shocked.

Li Fan stood with his hands behind his back, nodding slightly.

“That’s right!”

“A thousand years ago, we were driven out of our homes, filled with pain and resentment.”

“Over the long years, the memories of our homelands have faded for most.”

“But there are still a select few who have kept everything in their hearts.”

“They vowed that one day, they would return. They would reclaim what was rightfully theirs.”

Li Fan activated his Seven Aperture Exquisite Heart, using a voice filled with persuasion.

“The Xuanhuang Realm, compared to our small worlds, is so vast.”

“It’s teeming with life, abundant in resources.”

“But it’s occupied by those damned cultivators. We, however, are forced to live in barren, cramped territories, struggling to survive.”

“How unfair!”

Li Fan declared indignantly.

Li Chenfeng, along with the others, compared the world their empire occupied with the Xuanhuang Realm.

They couldn’t help but nod in agreement.

“Compared to the vast Immortal Alliance, we know our own strength is too weak.”

“Only by uniting all our forces can we possibly stand a chance against them.”

“In fact, five hundred years ago, we made an attempt.”

“Unfortunately, we didn’t have enough allies at the time, and ultimately failed.”

“But we haven’t given up.”

Li Fan’s eyes burned with intensity as he looked at Li Chenfeng and the others.

“Over the years, we’ve been searching for new partners, accumulating energy again.”

“There are countless outer realms, and who knows how many remain ununited.”

“But like you, all those who have smuggled themselves in are extremely cautious. So progress has been slow.”

“It was only recently that I noticed you. After a bit of probing, I found…”

Zhu Shaotang seemed to recall something, and exclaimed, “The counterattack against the Immortal Realm five hundred years ago?”

“The empire’s records of the Xuanhuang Realm history indeed mention this event.”

Li Chenfeng’s eyes flashed with a hint of regret, but he quickly masked it.

After a moment of contemplation, he asked cautiously, “So, senior, are you here to invite our empire to join the organization?”

“That’s right!” Li Fan nodded.

Zhu Shaotang was about to speak, but Li Chenfeng pulled him back.

This young man, despite being the youngest of the three, held a dominant position among them.

He looked at Li Fan and replied diplomatically, “We admire the organization’s grand goal.”

“But our empire is too weak. Even if we join the organization, we’re afraid we won’t be of much help. We’ll just be a burden…”

Li Fan raised his hand, interrupting Li Chenfeng.

“I’ve seen your empire’s strength in your dreams. It’s not very strong, but among the many worlds that have joined the organization, it can be considered mid-to-upper tier.”

“You don’t need to belittle yourselves.”

Li Fan looked at Li Chenfeng with a knowing smile, “Moreover, even those worlds without any immortal powers, the organization hasn’t refused their applications to join.”

“After all, every bit of strength is good. If you lack strength, then contribute with your manpower.”

“The organization will provide you with free training to cultivate qualified warriors.”

Li Fan’s words left no room for refusal. Li Chenfeng’s smile gradually became strained.

He tried to argue further, but he saw Li Fan’s expression turn cold.

Li Chenfeng’s heart sank.

Tension began to spread throughout the secret room.

However, for some reason, after a while, Li Fan’s demeanor softened again.

He snorted coldly, “I didn’t want to tell you this, but it seems you’re still clinging to that laughable escape plan.”

“Such weak escape-ists…”

Li Fan said coldly, “To be honest, your plan to use one hundred thousand Boundary-Breaking Whales to escape the Xuanhuang Realm is completely impossible.”

“The moment you leave the Xuanhuang Realm, it will be the day your empire perishes!”

Li Chenfeng and the others were completely dumbfounded.

“Senior, what do you mean by that?”

“See for yourselves!”

Li Fan pointed a finger at the three of them.

In an instant, Li Chenfeng felt the surrounding scenery disappear. It was as if he was in endless void.

In the distance, a giant orb flickered.

A stream of light flew out from the orb, attempting to escape.

But strangely, after it had flown a certain distance from the orb, it changed its course and flew upwards irreversibly.

There, as if some terrifying beast had opened its jaws, it was drawn in to be devoured.

…

Li Chenfeng, along with the others, were drenched in cold sweat, falling to the ground in utter bewilderment.

“What is that?”

He stared at Li Fan, his eyes filled with terror.

“Why do you think we fight tooth and nail to counterattack the Immortal Realm?”

“Because we have nowhere to escape.”

Li Fan spoke with a mocking tone.

“That’s the ‘Immortal Ruins,’ an unknown and terrifying existence that has its sights set on the entire Xuanhuang Realm.”

“The Xuanhuang Realm is vast and mighty. Perhaps it can withstand the Immortal Ruins for a long time.”

“But our small worlds are a different story.”

“And let’s not forget about your empire’s ridiculous plan, which you worked so hard on.”

Li Fan kept hitting Li Chenfeng with the truth.

The three of them from the empire realized the fate that awaited them if they were to leave the Xuanhuang Realm.

Their faces turned pale as death.

“Therefore, joining us is the only way out.”

Li Fan said plainly.



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 434


“Of course, if you don’t believe me and insist on testing the might of the 【Immortal Ruins】, I won’t stop you.”

“After all, good advice is wasted on the dead.”

“The organization doesn’t absolutely need your help.”

Li Fan said nonchalantly.

The three were after all elites selected by the Empire, with extraordinary determination. After a moment, their pale faces gradually relaxed.

Li Chenfeng replied, “Senior, this matter is of great importance, we can’t make the decision…”

Li Fan readily said, “I’ll give you two months.”

“After two months, I will come back here and need your clear answer.”

Li Chenfeng smiled wryly and could only reluctantly agree.

“Involving the secrets of the organization, just in case, we need to take some small measures.” Li Fan looked at the three and flicked his finger.

Li Chenfeng felt a chill enter his body, instantly disappearing and becoming undetectable. However, they dared not say anything and nodded in agreement.

Before leaving, Li Fan took out a hundred standard high-grade spirit stones from his storage ring and gave them to the three from the Empire.

“This is the organization’s rule. For the first meeting, there has to be some gifts.”

“But with ten thousand contribution points, you guys may not be able to look at it is all.”

Li Fan looked towards the few Foundation Establishment cultivators who were still asleep outside the secret room.

“Foundation Establishment masters. Hmph, good method. Although each Qi Refinement cultivator can only be squeezed for a limited amount of resources, but like gathering sand into a tower, when the quantity is large enough, it becomes quite considerable.”

Zhu Shaotang’s face was red with embarrassment, not knowing how to answer.

“However, there are no lies that can’t be broken forever. Once you join the organization, stop it.”

“If you want contribution points, the organization will help.”

Li Fan came suddenly and left quickly. After speaking those words, he soared into the sky and disappeared from the three’s sight. Only the deathly silence remained in the secret room.

“What’s the use of contribution points, we can’t leave the Xuanhuang Realm, wanting to establish our own lineage is simply impossible.” After a long time, Xiao Jin said dejectedly.

Zhu Shaotang looked at Li Chenfeng and asked, “Master Li, what do you think? How much of what that person said was true and how much was false?”

As thieves who had infiltrated the Xuanhuang Realm, they were highly vigilant about everything. They naturally wouldn’t believe everything said by a randomly appearing cultivator from the sky.

Li Chenfeng pondered for a moment and replied, “It should be true.”

“This person’s cultivation is unfathomable. The Beast God Armor in my body can theoretically contend with Golden Core cultivators.”

“But in front of this person, I was easily toyed with, with no power to resist.”

“And that method of making people fall into a dream.”

A hint of fear flashed in Li Chenfeng’s eyes.

“If he really has malicious intentions, we…”

Li Chenfeng shook his head and fell silent. What he wanted to say was unspoken.

“If that’s the case, then we need to pass the news back as soon as possible.” Zhu Shaotang said.

“Yes, I will personally return to the Empire and explain the situation. Of course, the final outcome still depends on the decision of the think tank and the Empress.”

Li Chenfeng said decisively.

“Sigh, the sacrifices of generations, all for a task that is fundamentally impossible to complete.”

“I’m afraid that once the news is released, the Empire will face another major purge.”

Zhu Shaotang sighed softly.

Li Chenfeng didn’t respond, but the gloom in his eyes couldn’t be suppressed. Not daring to delay, after activating the Beast God Armor, he flew rapidly towards a certain direction.

Li Chenfeng stopped in the air above a certain sea area, then suddenly plunged down, disappearing into the deep sea. In fact, the form of the Beast God Armor changed, and he seemed to transform into a deep-sea monster. He changed direction again. After doing this several times, he finally left the Cong Yun Sea and entered Shilin Province. In the ruins of a deep valley in the mountains, he finally disappeared.

…

The Formless Killing Intent lost its perception, and Li Fan smiled slightly.

“They are quite cautious. Unfortunately, it’s useless.”

Having learned about the entrance to the passage leading to the Empire, Li Fan’s mind temporarily withdrew from that direction. At this time, he didn’t return to Wanxian Island, but instead came to the depths of the sea again and dug out a secret chamber. He arranged rituals in the four corners, preparing to conduct his first exploration of the Fallen Immortal Realm in this life.

“After 【Truth】, I wonder if the scenes I encounter in the Fallen Immortal Realm will be different from the previous life.”

“Will I return to Ningyuan City and meet Brother Zhang? Or will I appear in the Imperial Beast Sect, or somewhere else?”

Li Fan thought to himself, and shouted, “”Blessings bestowed by the Celestial Sovereign of Xuanhuang!”,” his vision gradually blurred.

“Junior Brother, Junior Brother?”

Li Fan opened his eyes and his heart stirred. In front of him was Brother Zhang’s concerned face.

“Zhang Qianmo…”

Having already known Zhang Qianmo’s future achievements, Li Fan’s gaze towards his senior brother was completely different now.

“Did I become handsome again? Why do I feel your gaze is strange, Junior Brother?” Zhang Qianmo touched his chin and asked with a smile.

Li Fan suppressed his own strangeness and chatted with his senior brother as he had tried to do in the past. When Zhang Qianmo once again talked about his three great aspirations, Li Fan didn’t remain silent in shock as he had in the previous life.

Instead, he clapped his hands and exclaimed, “If I met another cultivator who dared to be so arrogant with only Foundation Establishment cultivation, I would definitely strike him down with a purple thunderbolt.”

“But when these words come out of your mouth, Senior Brother, for some reason, I feel like it’s justified!”

Zhang Qianmo laughed heartily and patted Li Fan’s shoulder, “Junior Brother, when did you learn to flatter? But I like what you said!”

Li Fan continued to chat with his senior brother, subtly flattering him.

After a while, Li Fan pretended to ask casually, “By the way, Senior Brother, if one day your aspirations are all fulfilled, what will happen?”

Zhang Qianmo was stunned. After thinking carefully for a moment, he replied, “Things in the world are often fickle. Even dead ashes can be revived. It’s normal.”

“Take the matter of exterminating demons, for example, even if I truly achieve it at some point, there’s no guarantee that demons won’t appear again on the earth in the future.”

“With my personality, I would most likely leave behind a 【Grand Aspiration Dharma Body】 to serve as an eternal suppression.”

Li Fan couldn’t help but ask curiously, “Senior Brother, what is this Grand Aspiration Dharma Body?”

Zhang Qianmo smiled, “It’s just an unrealistic fantasy. You can think of it as a body that turns into a law of heaven and earth and exists forever.”

“If it’s triggered by specific conditions, the Dharma Body will appear in the world.”

“For example, after demons are exterminated, if a great demon reappears, the 【Extermination】 Grand Aspiration Dharma Body will manifest and kill it.”

“In this way, it can ensure that it remains unchanged for generations and the aspiration continues forever.”

“Junior Brother, what do you think of my method?”

Zhang Qianmo asked.

“Senior Brother, you are truly a prodigy!” Li Fan praised sincerely.



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 435


Zhang Qianmo burst into laughter again, finding his junior disciple increasingly likeable.

Of course, Li Fan admired his senior brother, but he still had to go through the motions.

He used the same method as in his previous life.

He went to Mr. Bai’s basement and crafted a Absolute Immortal Stone nails.

Then, he lured his senior brother there.

Taking him by surprise, he sealed his meridians with the stone nails, pretending to interrogate him about the Purple Elixir Nirvana Technique.

Zhang Qianmo stared at Li Fan with an incredulous look, as if he wanted to remember him forever.

Then, he committed suicide.

After dealing with his senior brother, Song He and Song He’s followers in Ningyuan City could no longer cause any trouble.

With the experience from his previous life, Li Fan efficiently resolved the event of the Ningyuan City’s destruction during the fight between cultivators.

The surrounding scenery instantly blurred.

Li Fan once again saw Mr. Bai standing dazedly in the bloody ruins.

Unfortunately, no matter how hard Li Fan tried, he could not see his face clearly.

Finally, the screen went black.

Li Fan exited the Fallen Immortal Realm and returned to the real world.

Sensing his gains, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a little regret.

“The clearance reward for [Fetching Longevity Fruits from Ningyuan City], three Rebirth Longevity Fruits that can extend life by three hundred years, still exists.”

“It’s just that after defeating Senior Brother Zhang, I didn’t get any new techniques.”

However, Li Fan soon felt relieved.

“Senior Brother Zhang is still alive in the world, and I don’t need his techniques.”

“If I really bring him here, it would be even more troublesome.”

Li Fan analyzed this trip to the Fallen Immortal Realm.

“So far, it seems that the Fallen Immortal Realm can’t detect my past life experiences after I reincarnated.”

“But one thing is certain, I am very special in the Fallen Immortal Realm.”

“It’s like some kind of guidance, making me go through fixed events.”

“First, it was [Fetching Longevity Fruits from Ningyuan City], next, it’ll be [Change in the Imperial Beast Sect] right?”

“Interesting…”

Li Fan didn’t know what caused this special situation.

But since the Fallen Immortal Realm couldn’t sense the effect of ‘Truth,’ he had nothing to fear.

On the contrary, these fixed events in the Fallen Immortal Realm became a way for him to obtain fixed treasures in each life.

Just like the Dao Transformation Stone in Yi Xing’s tomb.

As he explored deeper into the Fallen Immortal Realm, he would likely obtain more resources quickly in each life.

This was beneficial to Li Fan.

After obtaining three Rebirth Longevity Fruits in the Fallen Immortal Realm, the time restriction for entering it again had slightly increased.

However, it wasn’t as long as the full year in his previous life, he could enter again in about eight months.

“The Imperial Beast Sect…”

Li Fan began to look forward to what he could gain from the scene of [Change in the Imperial Beast Sect].

Judging from the level of the Rebirth Longevity Fruits, it shouldn’t be bad.

He calculated the time, not long before his appointment with the Five Elders Association about the Broken Stone Face.

Li Fan erased the traces in the secret room, transformed into Zhou Qing’ang’s appearance, and flew towards the agreed location.

It was another uninhabited island. Li Fan searched for a while and found a stone with coordinates carved on it.

“It seems that the Five Elders Association has other secret agents in the Congyun Sea besides Zhou Qingang.”

“This stone, the communication stone, and Zhou Qingang’s expenses require someone to arrange.”

“But it’s not wise to act rashly. Let’s get the five million contribution points first.”

Li Fan crushed the stone and turned towards the location marked on it.

It was another underwater ruin.

Li Fan placed his palms on the inconspicuous Broken Stone and successfully connected to the communication.

“Head, what’s the word?” Li Fan asked, feigning nervousness.

“They have agreed to the deal.”

“But we need to confirm the questions are correct first.”

“Okay! I’ll go back and tell He Zhenghao.”

“By the way, Head, I’ve done such a great job, is there any reward?”

Li Fan rubbed his hands together, looking expectantly at the Stone Face.

Li Fan’s reaction seemed to be within the Stone Face’s expectations.

He sneered, “Don’t worry, you won’t be shortchanged. Haven’t you been coveting the One Heart Venerable’s picture book for a long time? As long as this mission goes smoothly, I’ll have someone send it to you.”

“The One Heart Sovereign’s picture book?” Li Fan instantly recalled the scenes of eroticism he had felt in the soul fragments of the Five Elders Association cultivators in the Gathering Soul Pearl.

He cursed inwardly, Li Fan stammered, hesitant to speak.

“What?” The Stone Face was slightly surprised.

“Head, this… I’ve seen it. Can I have something else?” Li Fan lowered his head slightly, his voice low, his face slightly embarrassed.

“Huh?!” The Stone Face was stunned, then he understood.

“No wonder your expenses are so high! You’ve been spending it all on this?” He was furious.

Li Fan could only remain silent.

After a while, the Stone Face’s anger subsided.

After thinking for a moment, he said, “Forget it, considering your contribution this time, I won’t hold it against you.”

“How about the Carefree Crystal Lattice of the Carefree Paradise? It’s like floating in the clouds, ascending to the Paradise of Bliss. Haven’t you been nagging me about it for a long time?”

Li Fan felt a wave of helplessness in his heart.

After thinking for a moment, he could only find an excuse and said tactfully, “Head, here’s what I think.”

“Didn’t you tell me to get close to He Zhenghao? But since he switched to the Nascent Soul technique, his cultivation has been rising rapidly, one level a day.”

“It won’t be long before he breaks through to the Golden Core stage.”

“And I’ve been stuck at the Foundation Establishment stage for a long time. If I can’t break through soon, with my Foundation Establishment cultivation, it will be difficult to befriend him.”

“After all, this person…”

Li Fan clicked his tongue, shaking his head repeatedly.

“Huh? You’ve finally learned your lesson?” The Stone Face looked at Li Fan in surprise.

But after thinking for a moment, he felt that what he said made sense.

He nodded immediately, “Not bad, He Zhenghao is very important. He is one of the key people you need to win over.”

“Also, you can try to get the structure of the Heavenly Yuan Transformation Formation from him.”

After a pause, the Stone Face continued, “Well, the task is arduous. It seems that we have to improve your cultivation to the Golden Core stage as soon as possible.”

“You can exchange for a technique yourself in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, we can’t provide help in this regard.”

“But I can give you a few bottles of Enlightenment Pills.”

Li Fan was overjoyed.

He had experienced the miraculous effects of the Enlightenment Pills.

But it was difficult to obtain them, even if he paid a lot of money, he couldn’t buy many.

If he could get some from the Stone Face, it would be the best.

“Just a little bit, it’s not enough!”

However, Li Fan still pretended to be greedy.

“Head, you know my aptitude, no matter how miraculous the Enlightenment Pills are, they won’t be of much use to me!”

The Stone Face said impatiently, “Don’t bother me, I’m thinking!”



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 436


The image on the broken stone abruptly fell silent.

Li Fan didn’t urge, patiently waiting.

After a long time, the human face responded: “Found it! There’s something that’s perfect for you!”

“Oh? What is it?” Li Fan acted somewhat excited.

“The [Devouring Heaven and Earth Great Technique]!” The human face said with a smug look.

“Devouring Heaven and Earth?” Li Fan squinted his eyes, thinking for a while, but couldn’t find any related information in his memory.

Fortunately, the human face didn’t intend to test Li Fan, directly explaining: “It’s a cultivation method left behind by an infamous cultivator from ancient times.”

“This person took a unique path, not absorbing spiritual energy from the heavens and earth, but instead directly devouring spiritual veins and earth veins for cultivation.”

“Although his progress was extremely fast, he didn’t know how to restrain himself, acting recklessly, and in a short time, caused the spiritual energy of several provinces to dry up and mountains to change shape.”

“Eventually, he was discovered and suffered the fate of being skinned, his bones extracted, and his soul scattered.”

“However, his secret technique was preserved after being interrogated.”

Li Fan thought for a moment, thoughtfully saying: “Head means, let me use the [Devouring Heaven and Earth Great Technique] to secretly absorb the spiritual veins and earth veins of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?”

The human face nodded, with a look of “You’re a quick learner”: “Most of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s strongholds are built on top of earth veins.”

“You, as the guardian of Tai’an Island, just be careful, absorb a little each time, and it will surely not be discovered.”

“And this little bit of earth vein energy, for a Foundation Establishment cultivator like you, is already a great supplement. In this way, you will be able to quickly advance to the Golden Core realm.”

Li Fan exclaimed with joy: “Head, you are truly wise and valiant!”

The human face, however, didn’t fall for Li Fan’s flattery, coldly snorting: “Go and get the first day’s exam questions from He Zhenghao. Wait for the results to come out and confirm them before we conduct the transaction that night.”

“At that time, I will send someone specifically. You just need to handle the handover.”

“I’ll also have him bring you the [Devouring Heaven and Earth Great Technique] by the way.” Li Fan wasn’t surprised by the human face’s decision.

After all, five million contribution points was no small sum. It wouldn’t be possible to hand it over to him, a Foundation Establishment cultivator on the surface, to manage.

So, he nodded repeatedly in agreement.

“You go now,” the human face instructed.

“We’ve been meeting frequently recently, be careful on the way. At crucial moments, don’t expose any flaws.”

“Head, you can rest assured,” Li Fan patted his chest and guaranteed.

After agreeing on the location for their next meeting, the broken stone gradually lost its luster, turning into dust.

“Cultivating by devouring earth vein energy…” Li Fan suddenly remembered something.

“If I can utilize this, then my cultivation speed in this life might be even faster than I expected.”

Wearing Zhou Qingang’s appearance, Li Fan quietly flew back to Tai’an Island.

His clone was deeply hidden within Tai’an Island’s protective formation, so he didn’t have to worry about being discovered.

However, for safety’s sake, Li Fan set up another layer of formation in his closed-door cultivation chamber.

He also cast the secret technique [One Hand Covers the Sky] to further conceal himself.

After doing all this, he took out a blank jade slip from his storage ring.

The blue light of the Dao Integration Stone flowed through Li Fan’s mind, and the exam questions he had memorized from his previous life were all engraved by him onto the jade slip.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s recruitment exam was divided into numerous subjects: [Politics], [Law], [Economics], [Martial Arts], [Artifact], [Formation], [Pill], [Talismans], and so on.

It was hosted by the various provincial government offices, with the Martial Arts Hall assisting.

All applicants had to take exams in all subjects.

After a comprehensive evaluation, the best candidates would be selected and assigned to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters or other important confidential areas.

Then, based on their overall performance and individual job preferences, their positions would be assigned.

The exam format wasn’t limited to questions and answers like those on a spiritual sense ball.

For example, in the [Politics] exam, candidates would be immersed in a real illusion similar to [The Era].

They would experience various events, thereby testing their awareness and loyalty.

And for skills like Artifact, Formation, Pill, and Talismans, besides theoretical tests, candidates also had to perform practical operations on the spot.

The number of cultivators participating in the recruitment exam each time was numerous, although the vast majority were just there to participate.

But this process was time-consuming and laborious for those involved.

However, cultivators were still eager to participate, and the number of applicants for each exam never decreased but instead increased.

Overall, for those who paid attention, the once-a-decade recruitment exam could be considered a grand event.

After engraving the first day’s exam questions and the rest separately on two jade slips, Li Fan let out a sigh of relief.

Li Fan himself, of course, had no intention of taking the exam.

After all, for him, there were many more convenient ways to enter the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance system.

Moreover, his primary task in this life was to advance to the Nascent Soul realm using the Five Elements Subworld.

Joining the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would only add an extra constraint, which was not conducive to his actions.

“There’s still a month and a half left, just wait patiently.”

Li Fan cultivated while carefully considering any possible variables that might arise in the future.

Time passed slowly.

During this period, to avoid any suspicion, Li Fan invited He Zhenghao to Tai’an Island several times as a guest.

He sealed the formation and chatted with him late into the night.

Li Fan, who knew He Zhenghao’s temperament well, naturally had a pleasant conversation with him.

After several times, He Zhenghao increasingly treated “Zhou Qingang” as a confidant.

And in casual conversations, He Zhenghao boasted several times about being guided by a “cultivator from the ancient Tian Ji Sect.”

He had made a significant investment and completely turned his life around, changing his destiny from then on.

After cultivating the Nascent Soul technique, he was now on the verge of reaching the Golden Core realm.

Li Fan pretended to be extremely envious on the surface.

He repeatedly flattered He Zhenghao, begging him to remember him the next time he had a chance to make a fortune.

He Zhenghao couldn’t resist Li Fan’s persistent pleading and readily agreed.

Li Fan then put on a relieved smile.

Other than that, the Cong Yun Sea was calm and peaceful, with no other unusual events occurring.

Soon, three days were left before the official start of the recruitment exam.

After meeting He Zhenghao again for a long conversation and letting him leave, Li Fan suddenly stood up: “It’s time.”

He quietly flew towards the meeting location he had agreed upon with the human face on the broken stone.

Following the same steps as before, he found the meeting place for this time.

After verification, the human face suddenly appeared.

“How is it? Did you get the exam questions?” A rare hint of nervousness and anticipation could be heard in the human face’s voice.

Li Fan couldn’t hide his excitement either.

He nodded, took out the jade slip engraved with the first day’s exam questions, and placed it on the broken stone.

Yellow light enveloped the jade slip, and the human face’s image became blurry.

After a moment, the human face said: “Good! Wait here. In three days, you’ll know the outcome.”

Before Li Fan could respond, the human face hurriedly disappeared.

The yellow light dimmed, but this time, the broken stone didn’t shatter.

Li Fan looked at the broken stone, his eyes filled with a deep meaning.



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 437


Three days later.

As the sun set.

Li Fan sat cross-legged on the seabed, eyes closed, cultivating.

Suddenly, he sensed a yellow light flashing on the broken stone, and Li Fan abruptly opened his eyes.

He rose and asked, “Head? How is it? Are the test questions authentic?”

“Haha, you little rascal, you’ve done a great service this time!” The voice of the human face was filled with uncontainable excitement.

“The test questions are real! The compartments are not wrong!”

“I’ve always heard that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is outwardly glamorous, but in reality, it’s already rotten to the core. It’s even worse than the rumors!”

“Such a major event as the entry exam, which concerns the future and fate of the organization, is actually being used for personal gain!”

“This is just the Heng family in Tianyu Province!”

“What about those with even more power, I dare not even imagine!”

The human face seemed to be in a state of shock, repeatedly clicking its tongue, filled with disbelief.

Li Fan then interjected, “Isn’t this better for us? The faster the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance dies, the sooner our Five Elders Association can unify the Xuanhuang Realm.”

The human face nodded in agreement, “That’s right! Victory will ultimately belong to our Five Elders Association!”

He paused, his excited mood gradually calming down.

His expression turned solemn as he instructed, “Time is of the essence, go contact He Zhenghao immediately and get the remaining test questions. The transaction location will be within the Wancang Pavilion.”

“I’ll send someone, you’re responsible for the reception.”

“By the way, to prevent the remaining test questions from being incorrect, you must wait until the exam is over and you receive notification before letting him leave.”

The human face carefully instructed Li Fan on various precautions, then explained the contact method before disappearing.

As usual, Li Fan destroyed all traces of the scene before returning to Tai’an Island.

Deep within the protective formation, Li Fan and his clone sat facing each other.

“Wancang Pavilion…”

Li Fan had been to this place before.

It was where He Zhenghao, in his twelfth life, had stored his legacy, the “Detailed Explanation of the Hundred Meridians Formation,” before his death.

Located on Youlan Island in the Congyun Sea.

And in his previous life, Zhou Qing’ang had obtained the spirit stone supply for the human face through this place.

“It seems that this place might be a secret base of the Five Elders Association.”

Li Fan pondered for a moment, then immediately cast the “One Hand Covers the Sky” secret technique, wearing the “Concealing Qi Talisman,” masking his clone’s cultivation, and waiting for the Five Elders Association’s people to arrive.

His main body, however, randomly transformed into another appearance, and through the teleportation array, he arrived on Youlan Island ahead of time.

After a short while, when his main body had secretly lurked in the waters outside Youlan Island.

A cultivator suddenly appeared in the teleportation array on Tai’an Island.

The person’s appearance was unclear, and after arriving on Tai’an Island, they circled the island, then shook their head and sighed.

They stood silently in the air for a while before slowly flying away.

Li Fan’s clone, upon seeing this, quietly followed.

The person’s flying speed was not fast, leisurely as if intentionally waiting.

After flying a distance away from Tai’an Island, they reached a desolate and uninhabited sea area.

They suddenly stopped and transmitted a voice, “Fellow Daoist, why are you secretly following me?”

Li Fan’s clone, following the instructions of the human face on the broken stone, did not answer.

Instead, he directly struck out with a palm infused with the power of yellow earth element.

The person, seemingly unprepared for Li Fan’s sudden attack without warning, did not resist, stunned in place.

As Li Fan’s palm was about to strike him, the earth element abruptly transformed into wood element.

The person did not dodge or evade, taking Li Fan’s palm directly, unfazed.

“Let’s go, to Youlan Island.”

After verifying Li Fan’s identity, they spoke in a strange voice without further greeting.

“Use the teleportation array, or…?” Li Fan asked.

“Fly.”

Having said that, they grabbed Li Fan closely and then stepped forward.

The scenery around them rapidly changed, only slightly slower than the Dust Crossing Boat that Li Fan had ridden in his previous life.

“This speed, Soul Transformation realm?”

“Or perhaps a Nascent Soul specializing in speed…”

Li Fan remained calm and did not look at the cultivator beside him.

They spoke no more along the way.

Soon, the person brought Li Fan to Youlan Island.

They scanned the area but did not find He Zhenghao.

“Did you tell He Zhenghao?”

They asked again, as if confirming.

Li Fan nodded, “Should I ask him where he is?”

The person stopped Li Fan, “Wait. It’s best not to use communication spirit talismans.”

Li Fan nodded in agreement, seemingly understanding the implication.

At the same time, his main body, without any concealment, flew towards the location where they were.

Soon, the Five Elders Association’s receiving cultivator noticed Li Fan’s main body approaching.

He furrowed his brows, increasing his vigilance.

Li Fan came directly in front of them, “Zhou Qingang, is it?”

“He Zhenghao sent me.”

As these words left his mouth, both the Five Elders Association cultivator and Li Fan’s clone turned pale.

He first glanced at “Zhou Qing’ang,” then his face darkened, and he coldly asked, “What do you mean, Fellow Daoist?”

Li Fan, on the other hand, looked unconcerned and said, “What do I mean? Of course, I’m here to make a transaction.”

“Why isn’t He Zhenghao here himself?” The Five Elders Association cultivator hesitated for a moment before asking.

Li Fan chuckled, “Such a dangerous matter, how could he possibly come in person? If things go wrong, wouldn’t he be implicated?”

“It seems you don’t know this person very well.”

The Five Elders Association cultivator looked at “Zhou Qingang” again.

He continued to ask, “If you’re caught, won’t it implicate him? Five million contribution points, does he really trust you so much?”

Li Fan became completely impatient, “That’s none of your concern. The question is, are you going to trade or not?”

“If you don’t, I’ll leave. What are you afraid of? You’re so timid!”

Li Fan looked at them with dissatisfaction.

“Besides, who you trade with is your business, as long as the test questions are real, right?”

His voice boomed, without any concealment.

The Five Elders Association cultivator slightly changed color, subconsciously observing the surroundings.

After thinking for a moment, they felt that what the other party said was not unreasonable.

Glancing at “Zhou Qingang,” they said in a deep voice, “Alright, keep your voice down.”

“Follow me.”

Then, they took the two of them into the Wancang Pavilion.

The staff in the Wancang Pavilion all acted as if they hadn’t seen Li Fan and the others.

They reached the deepest secret chamber without any obstruction.

Closing the secret chamber, the Five Elders Association cultivator said in a low voice, “The test questions?”

Li Fan countered, “The five million?”

“Money in hand…”

“Goods in hand.”

Both spoke in unison, looking at each other for a moment.

They faced each other for a while before exchanging their storage rings.

“You can’t leave yet,” the Five Elders Association cultivator said coldly.

“I know, I know! You’re afraid the test questions are fake, right?” Li Fan looked like he had nothing to fear.

“Look at you guys, never seen the world before.”

He showed a hint of disdain, sat down boldly, and crossed his legs.

“It’s fine, I’ll just wait here until the exam is over.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 438


Li Fan glanced at his storage ring.

Five thousand standardized top-grade spirit stones were neatly stacked inside, their brilliance captivating. Five million contribution points – the largest sum Li Fan had ever seen in his countless rebirths and reincarnations.

Even a complete waste, with the blessing of the new law, could use this enormous contribution points to defy fate and reach at least the Nascent Soul stage.

Yet, Li Fan only cast a casual glance, showing no sign of excitement.

He took out a spirit stone, twirling it in his hand, and said casually, “Good quality!”

Such calmness in the face of immense wealth.

And it wasn’t a facade. He truly didn’t seem to care, or perhaps he was used to it?

Just what kind of background does this fellow have?

Standing opposite Li Fan, the Five Elders Association cultivator scrutinized him, his heart filled with doubts.

However, he decided to probe further.

He coldly said, “Kid, still acting so cocky here? Don’t you worry that we’ll just kill you?”

Li Fan appeared unconcerned, “Scared? Absolutely terrified! Who wouldn’t be afraid of death?”

He challenged the other with a glance, not looking the least bit afraid.

“But I’m just a errand boy, a disposable life. What good would killing me do?”

“Besides, I understand. You wouldn’t dare touch me.”

Li Fan put away the spirit stone, sat upright, and adopted a serious expression. “Oh? Why is that?” The Five Elders Association cultivator asked with interest.

“It’s obvious, isn’t it? Someone who can spend five million contribution points to buy test questions must be loaded.”

“They wouldn’t risk their reputation for a mere few contribution points. They wouldn’t go back on their word and kill me.”

“Sure, killing me would get you the entrance exam questions for free this time. But what about next time, or the time after that?”

“Can you guarantee that you’ll find another reliable source like us?”

Hearing Li Fan’s words, the Five Elders Association cultivator gradually shed his playful demeanor and became serious.

“Besides, aside from the entrance exam questions, wouldn’t you want other, more confidential things?”

Li Fan squinted his eyes and asked.

“More confidential things?!” The Five Elders Association cultivator was instantly surprised and delighted.

He hurriedly asked, “Like what?”

Li Fan hummed, not answering directly, but vaguely said, “Good stuff! As long as you’re willing to pay, anything you can think of, or can’t think of, we can get it for you!”

His words made the other’s heart itch.

But Li Fan suddenly stopped talking and said, “But, you know, there are risks involved in trading these things.”

“So, we have to gradually open up, depending on the specific situation of our cooperation.”

“Don’t think too much for now, just complete this transaction first!”

Li Fan glanced at “Zhou Qingang” and the shadowy Five Elders Association cultivator, then became lazy again.

Hearing this, the Five Elders Association cultivator nodded slowly, refraining from further questioning.

Feeling the ten jade slips in his storage ring, he transmitted a voice message to “Zhou Qingang”, “You stay here and watch him. I’ll be back soon!”

His tone was unpleasant, clearly showing dissatisfaction with Zhou Qingang’s intelligence gathering failure this time.

Li Fan’s clone nodded slightly, then his eyes flashed with killing intent, staring fiercely at his original body.

The Five Elders Association cultivator was about to leave when Li Fan, as if suddenly remembering something, added, “There are ten jade slips in the ring, each containing the entrance exam questions.”

“They also have a ‘Contract’ attached. It states that only one person can view each jade slip.”

“And the content cannot be shared with others. Only those who have signed the contract can read the content of the jade slips.”

“I’m sure you’re aware of the power of the ‘Contract’, so I won’t go into detail.”

The Five Elders Association cultivator had already sensed that familiar power, and previously, “Zhou Qingang” had mentioned that the test questions were limited to ten people’s knowledge.

So, he wasn’t surprised, merely saying “I know” and leaving the secret room.

Leaving Li Fan’s original body and clone facing each other.

He hadn’t detected any surveillance methods here, but Li Fan didn’t let his guard down. He continued to act out the scene.

“Zhou Qing’ang”, played by the clone, kept his eyes fixed on the original body, never leaving him out of sight. Meanwhile, the original body would occasionally show displeasure, glaring back with a bad expression.

Time passed as Li Fan practiced his acting skills.

In the blink of an eye, six days went by.

On the afternoon of the last day of the entrance exam, the Five Elders Association cultivator returned.

He still had his appearance concealed, but Li Fan could vaguely sense the excitement in him.

“Daoist friend, your methods are truly extraordinary. Seven days of test questions, not a single error.”

“Impressive! Impressive!”

He spoke sincerely.

“When you’re in business, you have to uphold the word ‘trust’! Since you offered such a high price, you have to deliver!” Li Fan stood up and patted his clothes.

“Can I leave now?” Li Fan asked.

“Hold on!” The Five Elders Association cultivator hurriedly stopped him.

“Hm?” Li Fan’s expression changed, about to erupt, but then he heard the other’s explanation.

“You’ve been here for so long, Daoist friend. Please accept this small token as a token of our appreciation.” Saying that, the Five Elders Association cultivator handed him a small vial.

“This is………….” Li Fan took it, his divine sense scanning it. Inside, he found nineteen Enlightenment Pills.

He pretended to ponder for a moment, then looked at “Zhou Qingang” and the Five Elders Association cultivator again.

But he didn’t say anything more, instead, he burst out laughing.

“Interesting, it seems we’ll be seeing each other often.”

“I’ll take this!”

Li Fan put away the Enlightenment Pills, stepped out of the secret room, and left Youlan Island.

“Zhou Qingang” pretended to be confused, asking, “What did he mean by that?”

The Five Elders Association cultivator snorted, turning his head to look at Li Fan’s clone, “Your intelligence gathering this time has been a major failure!”

“It’s very likely that you’ve been deceived by He Zhenghao all along. This person is not as simple as he seems.”

Li Fan’s face changed, looking somewhat bewildered, “Why do you say that?”

“We weren’t the only ones trying to get the test questions from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance this time.”

“But this time, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was incredibly secretive. Our usual channels were useless, and only we succeeded.”

“And the accuracy of the test questions was terrifyingly high…”

The Five Elders Association cultivator’s tone was deep.

“He Zhenghao’s background is probably not just the Heng family.”

“Is that so?” Li Fan was shocked.

The Five Elders Association cultivator glared at him, looking like he was disappointed in him.

“You can tell from that person’s behavior just now. Clearly, this isn’t the first time they’ve done this.”

( )

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Home


My Longevity Simulation

The Shadow of Great Britain

Hidden Assassin

My Longevity Simulation: 4 Chapters per week (Read 20 Advance Chapters on Patreon)

The Shadow of Great Britain: Sporadic

Hidden Assassin: Sporadic

Target: 5 Patrons ( 7 Chapters per week), 15 Patrons (14 Chapters per week)

To Support the translations and faster release.

Aug 1: Dropping My Longevity Simulation. I got a job, so I will be dropping this web novel. Patreons Will be Refunded.

June 27: I am moving advance chapters to Patreon. Some commented they saw inconsistent translated terms. I am using a plugin to replace frequent mistranslated words, however, it seems the plugin might be causing errors.SGB Chapter 98

SGB Chapter 97

SGB Chapter 96

SGB Chapter 93

SGB Chapter 92

SGB Chapter 95

Chapter 428 – 429

Chapter 438

Chapter 437

Chapter 436

Chapter 435

Chapter 434

Chapter 433

Chapter 432

Chapter 431

Chapter 430

Chapter 427

Chapter 426

Chapter 425

Chapter 419

Chapter 415

Chapter 414

Chapter 424

Chapter 423

Chapter 422

Chapter 421

Chapter 420

Chapter 418

Chapter 417

Chapter 416

Chapter 413

Chapter 412

SGB Chapter 91

SGB Chapter 90

SGB Chapter 89

SGB Chapter 88

SGB Chapter 87

SGB Chapter 86

SGB Chapter 85

SGB Chapter 84

SGB Chapter 83

SGB Chapter 82

SGB Chapter 81

SGB Chapter 80

SGB Chapter 79

SGB Chapter 78

SGB Chapter 77

SGB Chapter 76

SGB Chapter 75

SGB Chapter 74

SGB Chapter 73

SGB Chapter 72

SGB Chapter 71

SGB Chapter 43

SGB Chapter 70

SGB Chapter 69

SGB Chapter 68

SGB Chapter 67

SGB Chapter 66

SGB Chapter 65

SGB Chapter 64

SGB Chapter 63

SGB Chapter 62

SGB Chapter 61

SGB Chapter 60

SGB Chapter 59

SGB Chapter 58

SGB Chapter 57

SGB Chapter 56

SGB Chapter 55

SGB Chapter 54

SGB Chapter 53

SGB Chapter 52

SGB Chapter 51

SGB Chapter 50

SGB Chapter 49

SGB Chapter 48

SGB Chapter 47

SGB Chapter 46

SGB Chapter 45

SGB Chapter 44

HA Chapter 91

HA Chapter 90

Chapter 411

HA Chapter 88-89

Chapter 409-410

SGB Chapter 42

SGB Chapter 41

SGB Chapter 40

SGB Chapter 39

SGB Chapter 38

SGB Chapter 37

SGB Chapter 36 (Free)

SGB Chapter 35

SGB Chapter 27

SGB Chapter 26

SGB Chapter 34

SGB Chapter 33

SGB Chapter 32

Chapter 408



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 439


"The fact that you could easily obtain even the entrance exam questions, not to mention other more confidential information..."

The words of the Five Elders Association's cultivator gradually became low and contemplative, clearly lost in thought and speculation.

After a moment, he snapped back to reality and looked at "Zhou Qing'ang."

"Although there were some minor flaws, overall, being able to connect with the organization behind He Zhenghao is a great achievement on your part."

He tossed over a storage ring.

"Inside, you'll find the *Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique* you wanted, along with some Enlightenment Pills."

"In addition, there's also fifty thousand contribution points worth of spirit stones as a reward for your achievement."

Upon hearing this, Li Fan received the storage ring and checked its contents, his face showing delight.

"Fifty thousand contribution points? Why is the boss being so generous!"

The Five Elders Association cultivator snorted, "Since there is merit, there will naturally be rewards. From now on, while you continue to stay undercover, make sure to maintain your relationship with He Zhenghao."

"If possible, try to extract some information from him about the mysterious organization behind him."

"Of course, if that's not possible, don't force it. Just being able to connect with them and exchange spirit stones for secrets is enough."

Li Fan nodded repeatedly.

"Alright, you can go back now."

"You've been in contact a bit too frequently lately. For the time being, avoid meeting with the boss to prevent any slip-ups."

"If anything unusual happens, you'll be contacted again."

After carefully instructing him, the other person left Youlan Island.

Only then did Li Fan's clone leisurely make his way back.

On Tai'an Island, Li Fan's main body had been waiting for a long time.

"Five hundred and fifty thousand contribution points, three bottles of Enlightenment Pills, the Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique..."

"This harvest isn't bad at all."

After tallying the items from both the main body and the clone's storage rings, Li Fan nodded slightly.

"With such a large amount of contribution points, whatever I plan next will be much easier."

After just a glance, Li Fan no longer paid attention to the pile of spirit stones.

Once it reaches a certain level, even more just becomes a string of numbers.

Moreover, for someone like Li Fan, who can continuously *reincarnate* and start over, the more cycles he goes through and the more information he gathers, the easier it becomes to acquire contribution points.

Li Fan first began reading the *Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique*.

To be safe, his clone Zhou Qing'ang inspected the jade slip.

The language style was vastly different from the techniques that could be exchanged in the Tianxuan Mirror of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

It wasn't so straightforward and to the point, focusing directly on key cultivation aspects.

Instead, it was filled with many mysterious and obscure phrases, making it somewhat difficult to understand.

"A distinct ancient style..."

Fortunately, Li Fan had already practiced several techniques passed down from ancient times, so he spent half a day thoroughly understanding it.

The Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique is not a primary cultivation technique to enhance one's realm.

Nor is it merely a secret method to alter the way a cultivator absorbs spiritual energy.

Rather, it functions more like a divine ability.

It allows the cultivator to aggressively absorb the earth's veins and spiritual veins, converting them into their own spiritual energy for cultivation.

At the same time, it accelerates and enhances the cultivation of their primary technique.

Generally speaking, the amount of spiritual energy a cultivator can absorb has a certain limit.

Once they reach their capacity, forcibly absorbing more could result in their body exploding.

However, after practicing the *Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique*, this concern no longer exists.

The excess energy absorbed transforms into an accelerator that propels the cultivation technique.

The more you absorb, the faster the technique operates on its own.

This continues until you break through your realm, allowing you to devour even more.

This cycle repeats endlessly until you have devoured heaven and earth.

Of course, the prerequisite is that you don't get discovered and then beaten to death.

Undoubtedly, this parasitic cultivation method is even more malignant than the immortal ancestor's New Method.

It would cause almost irreversible damage to the world in a short period, making it the enemy of all other cultivators.

But as long as it improves his cultivation, Li Fan doesn't care about being the enemy of the world.

After carefully understanding it, Zhou Qing'ang's clone attempted to operate the *Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique*.

In an instant, his eyes turned blood red.

The entire world in his field of vision changed.

There were no longer distinctions between people, landscapes, and objects.

Only the difference between what was delicious and what was not.

The clone stared at the main body for a while before turning his gaze toward the ground beneath Tai'an Island.

A yellowish earth vein extended from beneath the island, reaching all the way to the seabed.

It was connected to the earth in all directions.

It looked exceedingly appetizing.

The clone placed his hands gently on the ground, and a suction force erupted from his palms.

"Hmm?"

To Li Fan's surprise, according to the technique's description, the earth vein's energy should be absorbed into the body without resistance.

But it remained unmoved.

"What's going on?"

Li Fan carefully checked again and confirmed that he had not made any mistakes in his cultivation. He then attempted it once more.

This time, he unleashed more power, increasing the suction force.

The earth vein's energy trembled slightly but seemed to be an interconnected whole, unmovable.

The delicacy was right in front of him, but he couldn't enjoy it.

The clone's eyes grew even redder.

He became anxious and relentlessly intensified the Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique's suction.

The earth vein continued to resist.

As the two forces clashed, the entire Tai'an Island began to tremble slightly.

If this continued, the disturbance would undoubtedly arouse suspicion from others.

But the clone didn't care at all and showed no signs of stopping.

It wasn't until the main body, who had been observing, intervened and slapped "Zhou Qing'ang" unconscious that the shaking on Tai'an Island ceased.

"This Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique is a bit sinister..."

Li Fan frowned slightly.

The main body and the clone share the same consciousness, so theoretically, there shouldn't be a situation where the clone loses control.

But just now, under the influence of the "eating" desire, Li Fan's consciousness felt as if it had split in two.

When the clone looked at the main body, there was even a fleeting thought of devouring it.

But at that time, it was still controllable.

When the "eating" was obstructed, and the desire was not satisfied, the clone became completely bewitched.

Even though he knew the consequences of forcibly absorbing Tai'an Island's earth vein, he just couldn't stop himself.

"No wonder the creator of this technique couldn't restrain himself; it's not that he didn't want to, but that he simply couldn't."

Li Fan couldn't help but feel a bit regretful.

Not for the creator's fate, but for the fact that this secret technique couldn't be fully utilized by him.

"But there's no need to be overly concerned. I have the *Mountain Sitting Technique*, and Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique would only be an added bonus."

"Besides, I could still let others practice this technique and then reap the benefits."

...

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan set the matter aside.

His gaze penetrated through layers of obstacles and looked at the earth veins beneath Tai'an Island.

"The original Mountain and River Formation had already interconnected the earth veins of the world. Although the formation has now been replaced by the *Heavenly Origin Vitality Formation*, the effect remains."

"Even if I wanted to devour heaven and eat earth, it wouldn't be as easy as it was in ancient times."

"The once terrifying forbidden technique from thousands of years ago, after the passage of time, now seems so weak."

"No wonder the Five Elders Association handed it over so easily to a Foundation Establishment spy."

Li Fan shook his head and sighed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 440


"Come to think of it, this Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique is quite similar to the [Returning Origin Shell]."

"Both can consume the earth’s veins and have no sense of restraint."

"It seems that many techniques from ancient times were created by mimicking mythical beasts."

Li Fan recalled the sights he witnessed in the [Clash Of Ten Thousand Laws] section of the Divine Treasures Museum, lost in thought.

"Unfortunately, while deriving techniques from the traits of mythical beasts, their flaws were also inherited."

"However..."

"If the flaw of losing one's mind could be eliminated through improvements using the Dao Derivation Stone, it could still be considered a powerful divine ability."

Thinking of this, Li Fan shook his head.

"I fear there is no chance in this world. I am about to break through to the Nascent Soul stage, and the 'Sitting Mountain Art' has reached its limit. Pushing it to a higher level is the most urgent task."

The image of a young cultivator's carefree face suddenly surfaced in Li Fan's mind.

It was Han Yi from his previous life, who, with the help of the Heavenly Feather Pill that extended life by 800 years, successfully earned the qualification to derive the Derivation Law Beads into the Dao Integration Stage technique.

"If I want to elevate the 'Sitting Mountain Art' to the Dao Integration Stage in one go, I need to steal this person's fortune."

"However, something seems off about this person. No matter how I look at him, he doesn't seem like someone blessed with great fortune."

"In my previous life, my clone explored the Heavenly Capital Ruins with him, and not only did we find nothing, but we also encountered constant danger, almost losing our lives."

"I could say that even my clone, which had almost no fortune, was far superior to him."

"But it is true that he obtained the Heavenly Feather Pill and treasures like the fixed fish head lottery."

Li Fan frowned slightly.

"I remember that before his sudden wealth, he was once deceived by a Foundation Establishment master."

"When the time comes, I should pay extra attention to him."

"Let’s see how he turned his life around from being penniless to prosperous."

After contemplating for a long time, his clone finally awakened.

Li Fan put away all the spirit stones and Enlightenment Pills, leaving the clone to continue guarding Tai'an Island.

He then changed his appearance again and headed to the north-eastern most corner of the Congyun Sea through the teleportation array.

His destination was naturally Yin Yin Island, where the Master Yin resided.

In the entire Congyun Sea, there weren't many people Li Fan cared about.

Master Yin was definitely one of them.

It wasn't just because of the [Foundation Establishment of Self] technique he comprehended, which was verified by Su Changyu in his previous life and was indeed feasible.

It was still slightly flawed and needed to be perfected.

What intrigued Li Fan the most was that after more than a decade of researching the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, Master Yin eventually chose to end his own life.

Even ants cling to life.

Theoretically, someone as obsessed as Master Yin would be even less likely to give up their life easily.

But he did, which could only mean one thing.

He finally discovered the secret of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, and the result was so unbearable that it drove him to despair.

In his utter desolation, he lost the will to continue living.

Only then did he choose to self-immolate.

Li Fan was also very interested in this secret.

After three days, Li Fan quietly arrived outside Yin Yin Island.

From a distance, the cries of mortals rose and fell continuously.

Li Fan didn't intend to alert Master Yin; he only planned to release the Formless Killing Intent to monitor him.

But the result shocked him.

The moment the Formless Killing Intent locked onto Master Yin, the perspective suddenly split into hundreds of fragments.

Besides the one on the ground who was concentrating on conducting an experiment,

All the others were broken and mutilated corpses in the basement, all looking exactly like Master Yin.

From the heavenly perspective, Li Fan discovered that these dismembered and seemingly dead corpses were actually still alive!

As they quietly lay in the basement, they would occasionally make barely noticeable movements, like turning their bodies or rolling their eyes.

Looking into their eyes, Li Fan even had the thought that these corpses seemed to be "thinking."

This eerie scene sent a chill down Li Fan's spine.

"The splitting of the Formless Killing Intent's perspective means that, in the eyes of Heaven and Earth, these living corpses are actually the same person as Master Yin."

Li Fan thought this, becoming even more solemn.

He remembered that Master Yin had mentioned he dissected hundreds of corpses in this basement to finally comprehend the [Foundation Establishment of Self].

Given the current situation, it's highly likely that he dissected "himself" one body at a time while still retaining consciousness.

"A true madman..."

"No wonder he was able to comprehend a technique as heaven-defying as [Foundation Establishment of Self]."

"If he were focused on cultivation, he could have easily reached the Dao Integration Stage."

"Unfortunately, he was obsessed with studying the Immortal-Mortal Miasma."

Li Fan couldn't help but sigh in admiration as he stared at the only Master Yin who could still move normally.

Throughout his reincarnations, Li Fan had encountered countless so-called geniuses.

Even Brother Zhang's wish to suppress the ancient times with his Dharma Body and Mr. Bai, who ascended to godhood as a mortal in an instant—these were all figures capable of being remembered for a hundred lifetimes.

But none of them gave Li Fan the same eerie feeling as this Foundation Establishment Master Yin.

Li Fan spied on Yin Yin Island for several days.

Master Yin was like an unrelenting machine, experimenting, recording, thinking.

Then repeating the experiments.

There was no sign of fatigue on his face, only deep immersion.

Li Fan also noticed that whenever Master Yin was deep in thought,

The expressions of "contemplation" on the faces of the hundreds of corpses in the basement became more pronounced.

"It's like having hundreds of versions of himself pondering the same problem simultaneously..."

Li Fan realized.

"Perhaps that's why he was able to unravel the mystery of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma."

Li Fan then recalled the words of Master Yin to Su Changyu in his previous life when he was possessed.

"Yes, where did these corpses come from?"

"Ah! I remember now!"

"It was a huge rainstorm! Countless corpses fell from the sky like raindrops, and I took the opportunity to collect a few..."

Li Fan squinted slightly: "So, these hundreds of corpses picked up from the rain were all versions of himself?"

"Truly a bizarre matter."

After pondering for a long time, he couldn't find any related examples from the secret records of the Xuanhuang Realm he had read.

Li Fan had no choice but to put the matter aside for now.

He continued to observe from the outside for a few more days until Yin Yin Island ran out of mortal materials.

Master Yin needed to go out to find more mortals as test subjects.

Only then did Li Fan quietly leave.

"I'll keep monitoring him for now. With the [Transformation of Unified Divine Dao] secret technique, it won't affect my regular cultivation."

Li Fan took one last deep look at Master Yin hurriedly departing figure, returned to his "Heavenly Mechanism Sect Cultivator" appearance, and made his way back to Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

He consumed an Enlightenment Pill and entered the [Spiritual Enlighten] state.

Li Fan temporarily secluded himself to focus on cultivation.

With the dual boosts, even though Li Fan was practicing the extremely difficult "Mountain Sitting Art," his progress was swift.

More than two months later, with a surge of pure cultivation feedback suddenly appearing in his dantian,

Li Fan finally awoke from his seclusion.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 441


"This is..."

"Has He Zhenghao broken through to the late Foundation Establishment stage?"

Li Fan was somewhat surprised after sensing this.

"In just over two months, this speed is even faster than in his previous life."

"What happened?"

After reviewing the surveillance images of He Zhenghao stored in the Transformation Dao Stone, Li Fan couldn't help but smile.

Recently, He Zhenghao has indeed been riding high.

The news that he had changed his fate through the guidance of a 'senior from the Heavenly Mechanisms Sect' had spread like wildfire throughout the Congyun Sea.

Previously, due to practicing the "Mountain Sitting Art," He Zhenghao had begun establishing connections and developing his network early on.

And because of his natural talent in formations, he maintained decent relationships with the formation masters in the Formation Strategy Hall.

So even though He Zhenghao was just a Foundation Establishment cultivator, his network of connections was not to be underestimated.

In his previous life, it was He Zhenghao who helped Li Fan secure a position in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance!

This time, through a stroke of luck, He Zhenghao switched to a Nascent Soul technique that was extremely compatible with him.

It was clear to anyone with eyes that, barring any major mishaps, He Zhenghao's achievement of the Nascent Soul stage was practically a certainty.

A formation master at the Nascent Soul level, and one skilled in social interactions.

With this, He Zhenghao's status in the eyes of others changed dramatically.

People came to visit him constantly, and He Zhenghao welcomed them all with a warm smile.

He received so many gifts that his hands grew tired, and he felt incredibly happy.

His cultivation advanced rapidly, and he soon broke through to the late Foundation Establishment stage.

During this process, the visiting cultivators inevitably began to inquire about the so-called 'ancient Heavenly Mechanisms Sect cultivator.'

After all, who wouldn't be envious of such an opportunity to double one's fortune overnight?

If they could also latch onto this person...

At first, He Zhenghao managed to brush them off with excuses like, "I haven't been in contact for a while" or "I haven't seen this senior again."

But as more and more cultivators of increasingly higher status asked, He Zhenghao began to feel the pressure.

Because he refused to reveal any information about the Heavenly Mechanisms Sect cultivator, some cultivators began to express dissatisfaction.

Accusations that He Zhenghao was 'hogging the benefits' began to spread.

Even Chu Ming, the Nascent Soul cultivator from the Administration Hall who had helped Li Fan join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance at He Zhenghao's request, began to question He Zhenghao after being unable to reach Li Fan.

Heaven knows, He Zhenghao truly didn't know where Li Fan had gone!

He couldn't contact him through the Tianxuan Mirror.

Li Fan hadn't even left him a single communication talisman.

Faced with increasing pressure from these cultivators, He Zhenghao was on the verge of tears.

He wished he could slap his two-month-ago self.

Why did you have to go around bragging for no reason?

Watching the repeated messages from He Zhenghao on the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan's lips curved slightly.

"Let it simmer a little longer; the atmosphere is almost ready."

"Five million contribution points are enough to support the first phase of the plan."

"But for now, let Fellow Daoist He bear the brunt a bit longer."

Li Fan then sensed the situation on the side of the Foundation Establishment master.

Li Chenfeng had already returned.

With him was a veiled woman in a blue dress.

Li Chenfeng and the other two showed great respect towards this woman, addressing her as the 'Saint Master.'

Since arriving in the Xuanhuang Realm, this Saint Master hadn't left the chamber on the island.

When Li Chenfeng exited the chamber, Li Fan managed to see that she was fiddling with a machine resembling an armillary sphere.

"Saint Master?"

"Interesting. The agreed three-month period has passed, so let me, as the envoy of the Messenger of the Federation of All Worlds go meet her."

Li Fan didn't sense any danger from this woman in blue.

Instead, he faintly felt a sense of familiarity.

This familiarity was so faint that even after searching the memories stored in the Transformation Dao Stone, he couldn't identify its source.

This only made Li Fan more intrigued.

He resumed his previous appearance and swiftly flew towards the target location.

Before long, he arrived in the sky above the island.

Looking closely, he saw that Li Chenfeng and the other two were already waiting at the door.

"Senior, please follow us," Li Chenfeng said softly, leading Li Fan into the chamber.

Li Fan's expression remained calm, but he was somewhat cautious inside.

He stared at the veiled woman sitting not far away and asked, "Who is this?"

"I am here at the request of the Imperial Princess to see if this so-called 'Immortal Ruins' are real." The woman in blue referred to herself as old, but her voice was clear and youthful, like that of a teenage girl.

"Oh? In that case, what have you found?" Li Fan asked with interest, eyeing the device in front of her.

In the center, a golden sphere remained still, while many differently colored spheres moved in irregular orbits around it.

The woman in blue sighed and shook her head, "Something seems to be concealing the existence of the 'Immortal Ruins,'

making it impossible to detect."

"However, it's true that this place has become even more unusual."

Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly, "More unusual?"

The woman in blue waved her hand, putting away the device.

"This is the 'Void Coordinator Locator,' a device the Empire spent thousands of years crafting. It can mark and lock the position of one's location within the endless void and map the surrounding environment."

"It was originally intended for navigation through the void after leaving the Xuanhuang Realm."

"Now, using it to detect the 'Immortal Ruins' can be considered putting it to good use."

Li Fan listened quietly as the woman in blue explained.

"In this place, the Xuanhuang Realm's main world..." A hint of nostalgia flashed in the woman's eyes.

"The Locator's data is all scrambled."

"It's as if there's a massive distortion field nearby, affecting space-time and interfering with the mapping results."

"From a theoretical standpoint, the observation results align with what you've said about the existence of a devouring 'Immortal Ruins.'

Li Fan coldly replied, "I have no reason to deceive you in this matter."

The woman in blue smiled gently, "No, you did deceive us."

Li Fan's eyes narrowed as his heart tightened.

"What do you mean?"

The woman in blue gazed at the Xuanhuang Realm's sky and slowly said, "Because even if the 'Immortal Ruins' do exist, our Empirewill not be swallowed by it after leaving the Xuanhuang Realm."

"Not just us; all the small worlds captured by the Ten Great Immortal Sects back then won't suffer that fate either."

Li Fan remained silent.

The woman in blue continued, "Because we aren't in the same space-time as the Xuanhuang Realm at all."

"We're only connected by the Immortal-Severing Passage."

"If we sever the connection with the Xuanhuang Realm, we will gain complete freedom."

"And the Xuanhuang Realm wil eventually meet its end."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 442


Is the Small World not located in the same space-time as the Xuanhuang Realm?

As the woman in the green dress looked at Li Fan with a half-smile, his thoughts were racing.

Is it true, or false?

Is this a test, or a fabricated lie used as a bargaining chip?

In a flash, Li Fan quickly analyzed the situation.

If the other party had already figured out that he was a complete fraud, they wouldn’t waste time explaining anything.

Instead, the logical choice would be to either run away or set a trap to capture him and force a confession.

This meant that, to a large extent, the woman in green was still unsure of his identity.

After all, in the history of the Xuanhuang Realm, there really had been instances where the Small Worlds united to launch a counterattack against the Cultivation Realm.

If the Small World and the Xuanhuang Realm were not in the same space-time, and if he were truly an emissary of the "Messenger of the Federation of All Worlds", he would definitely be aware of this.

Given that the future of the empire was at stake, the Saint Master would not fabricate a lie that could be easily exposed.

Therefore, what she said might very well be the truth.

At the very least, it was true in the eyes of the woman in green.

A question naturally arose.

Since the Small World and the Xuanhuang Realm are not in the same space-time, then why, when faced with the threat of the Immortal Ruins, didn’t the cultivators of the Xuanhuang Realm choose to escape to the Small World through the Path of Immortal Severance and sever all ties with the Xuanhuang Realm?

If Nascent Soul, Soul Transformation, and Dao Integration stage cultivators might struggle due to the lack of spiritual energy in the Small World and inability to cut off the passage, then for Longevity Immortal, these limitations should be negligible.

So why didn’t the Longevity Immortal escape?

The answer to this question could only be one of three possibilities: they were unafraid, unwilling, or unable.

Unafraid?

In his past life, the The One Unified Heart Heavenly Sovereign retreated in the face of the spirit-locking formation’s threat of mutual destruction. This indicates that even Longevity Immortal couldn’t survive the Immortal Ruins.

Thus, this possibility could be ruled out.

Unwilling? Righteous and resolute, they would rather die than leave. Following the Xuanhuang Realm to fall into the Immortal Ruins?

Judging from the current cultivation paths of the cultivators in this realm, this wouldn’t be the choice of the present Longevity Immortal.

This leaves only one answer.

The Longevity Immortal are unable to leave the Xuanhuang Realm?

As this thought crossed his mind, Li Fan found it absurd and laughable.

The strength of Longevity Immortal-stage cultivators was terrifying.

How could it be possible...

But Li Fan suddenly froze.

What if... What if it were true?

For a long time, Li Fan had a question.

Why does going against the principles of heaven and earth lead to achieving longevity?

All living beings have a finite lifespan.

Even the so-called "Longevity Species" in legends only live a bit longer than ordinary creatures.

If there’s anything in the Xuanhuang Realm that truly deserves the term "longevity," it would likely be the world itself.

Why does defying the principles of heaven and earth lead to a complete transformation?

Allowing cultivators to live as long as the heavens and earth?

"Principles of heaven and earth, going against the principles of heaven and earth..."

Suddenly, an image flashed through Li Fan’s mind.

In his past life, when Ji Hongdao faced Senior Sister Zhao’s aggressive questioning, he once said, "After a Heavenly Sovereign establishes a Dao Law, they should no longer engage in mundane disputes."

"Dao Law."

These two words were like a bolt of lightning, cutting through the fog.

They made Li Fan notice something he had overlooked for a long time.

All beings live without worry and enjoy life.

All beings must respect and follow the cultivation methods of the Heavenly Sovereign who transmits the Dao Law.”

These rules, which defy common sense, now truly exist between heaven and earth.

In other words...

After reversing the original principles of heaven and earth, the Dao law established by Heavenly Sovereign replaced them, becoming new principles of heaven and earth and thus becoming part of the world.

It was for this reason that the Heavenly Sovereign have gained a lifespan as long as that of the heavens and earth.

Likewise, it was for this reason that the Longevity Immortal couldn’t leave the Xuanhuang Realm.

Before reaching the Longevity immortal stage, cultivators were like bandits who entered a house and plundered its furniture and treasures, stuffing them into their pockets.

But some greedy individuals set their sights on the house itself.

They wanted to take over the house and claim it as their own.

They succeeded, but in doing so, they triggered the house’s ultimate countermeasure.

The door slammed shut, and while they became the owners of the house, they were also forever trapped inside.

"Is this the world's retaliation?"

Li Fan suddenly had an epiphany.

He had understood one principle earlier.

When faced with cultivators who sought to plunder the heavens and the earth, the world itself was not entirely powerless to resist.

Apart from the suddenly established law that immortal techniques cannot be cultivated simultaneously, and the descent of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth to perform its duties, which are measures targeting ordinary cultivators. the world also took extreme measures against those powerful enough to threaten it.

That measure was: "If you can’t beat them, recruit them."

This tactic was indeed effective.

Because after achieving the Longevity immortal, the Sovereign’s allegiance shifted from that of cultivators to that of the world itself.

If cultivators recklessly plunder the heavens and earth without restraint, it could eventually lead to the world’s exhaustion and decline.

And the Longevity immortals, who had become one with the world, had to intervene to prevent such a catastrophe.

Therefore, the number of cultivators had to be controlled.

This was one of the reasons why the number of cultivators couldn’t be too large.

Li Fan thought back to when the Ten immortal Sects offered a reward for the Xuantian Treasure Mirror.

They claimed that anyone who possessed this mirror could exchange it for a seat as a Longevity Immortal.

"It seems that in ancient times, the Longevity Immortal stage might also have been achieved by some means of stealing the original principle of longevity from the world."

Li Fan mused.

After this line of reasoning, Li Fan felt a slight sense of disappointment.

The Longevity Immortals of the Xuanhuang Realm seemed to fall short of his ideal of "longevity."

They merely borrowed the power of the world to gain a lifespan that wasn’t truly their own.

"Fake longevity, huh..."

"But strictly speaking, it’s not something particularly unacceptable."

"After all, the 'Longevity Immortal Stage' in this realm was merely an attempt by cultivators to extend their lives after the Immortal Path was severed in the Xuanhuang Realm."

"And it might not be impossible to go further."

Li Fan thought of the Dao Transmission Heavenly Sovereign who disappeared in his past life.

"This pioneer of new methods might have already broken free from the world’s constraints."

"No wonder in the last life, the Heavenly Sovereign Of Dao Transmission didn’t appear for thousands of years. And even when wars broke out from time to time, the Sovereigns of the Five Elders Association never intervened."

"Because in the eyes of the Five Elders Association’s Sovereigns, if the Longevity Immortals stage can’t leave the Xuanhuang Realm, then the Dao Transmission Sovereign must still be somewhere."

"They were held back merely by an agreement on a piece of paper."

"Until later, when they realized something was wrong, they became desperate to act personally..."

The effects of the Enlightenment Pill hadn’t completely faded.

In a sudden flash of insight, through a fact inadvertently revealed by the woman in green, Li Fan deduced a possible and logically consistent truth about the Xuanhuang Realm.

...................................................................

[New TL Notes: I'm disappointed to see that "My Longevity Simulation" has been dropped again, this time by another translator. As one of my favorite ongoing xianxia novels, it's disheartening to see it without a reliable English translation. Many of you have been eager to read this story in well-translated English but were forced to rely on mtl or raw chapters. I believe this story and our community deserve better!

I'm Taking on the Challenge!*





I'm thrilled to announce that I'll be translating "My Longevity Simulation"!

But Please note that I'm already working on another novel, "The Path of Immortality: Starts with Creating Water Bear Gu." I hadn't planned on adding another project until I caught up with the raw chapters, but my love for "My Longevity Simulation" won me over, and I also think of this as opportunity to reread and refresh my memory as I read it many months ago.

Some Important Details To Note*





As the third translator of this novel, I would like to bring to your attention that there may be slight variations in wording, terminology, techniques, and naming conventions compared to previous translations. This is a natural consequence of the translator's changing midway, where different interpreters may choose to express using different terms and styles.

In the event that you notice any discrepancies or have differing opinions on specific translated words or phrases, please do not hesitate to share your feedback in the comments section below. Your input is invaluable in helping me refine the translation and ensure its accuracy.

Just a heads up - you might notice some weirdness with names and stuff at first, but don't worry, it gets easier as you keep reading! The more you dive in, the more familiar everything will feel.

Since many chapters have already been translated by previous translators, I'll start translating from chapter 439, right after the previous translation ended.

Your Support Means Everything!*





To keep myself motivated and post daily chapters, I need your support. You can help me by visiting my Patreon page: /SpiritStonetranslation) and of course, Patreon supporters will receive an extra chapter.

Thank you for your support, and I look forward to sharing this amazing story with you!]

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 443


Back in the Fallen Immortal Realm, the wise Beast Emperor Sanmo once told Lu Ya, "Even when you see something with your own eyes, it may not always be the truth."

Similarly, the conclusions Li Fan has deduced now may not be absolutely correct.

It's like the story of the blind men feeling an elephant—what they perceive might not be the whole picture.

But it's still part of the truth.

In his mind, the crystal of the Dao Derivation Stone emitted a bright blue light, instantly recording all the countless thoughts that crossed his mind.

Next, Li Fan needed to consider how to deal with the woman in green.

Shortly after she finished speaking, Li Fan shook his head and replied, "The power of the [Immortal Ruins] is beyond what ordinary people can imagine."

"A force that can even distort space-time brings consequences that are hard to predict."

"You say that once the Immortal Realm Passage is severed, you will be free from all restraints and completely liberated."

"But that's only in theory. Who can guarantee what will actually happen?"As Li Fan spoke slowly, he subtly observed the woman in green's expression.

"After all, those places that left the Xuanhuang Realm before have all gone silent, and there's no way to contact them anymore."

"Are they truly free, or have they already been destroyed in the Immortal Ruins? Who knows?"

"Otherwise, why would our [Federation Of All Worlds] be able to recruit so many members?"

"Even if there's only a one in ten thousand chance of failure, it's still too risky for an entire civilization."

Li Fan spoke with a slight tone of sarcasm.

The woman's smile gradually faded as she stared at Li Fan, seemingly trying to discern something from his face.

But Li Fan remained composed, showing no signs of weakness.

The woman in green finally said, "You're right. That's also why I've returned to the Xuanhuang Realm this time."

"Currently, very few people within the Empire know about the existence of the Immortal Ruins. But there's no such thing as a secret that can't be discovered. Once the conservatives learn of this, the resistance to the plan to leave the Xuanhuang Realm will only increase."

"At that time, even the thousand years of prestige accumulated by the Imperial Family may not be enough to peacefully implement this plan."

Li Fan asked, "So, are you here to seek help?"

The woman in green nodded, "The Imperial Princess's determination to carry out the plan to leave the Xuanhuang Realm hasn't changed. Even though there are risks, we believe it's worth it."

"However, the despicable nobles within the Empire may not share this view."

"To avoid internal conflict, the Empire must accelerate the pace of the plan."

She paused for a moment before continuing, "While we speed up the acquisition of the Path-Fusing Techniques, we also need to expedite the resources for nurturing the Rift Whale."

As she spoke, she handed over a jade slip.

A quick scan with his spiritual sense revealed a long list of resources.

Searching his memory, Li Fan found that while most of these resources weren't individually expensive, the sheer quantity required was staggering.

The total cost was likely beyond the five million contribution points he currently had.

His eyebrows slightly raised as he said, "If you join the [Federation Of all Worlds], the organization might consider assisting with what you need."

"But since you've already decided to leave, our organization isn't a charity."

The woman in green replied, "As you said, there's a chance that leaving the Xuanhuang Realm might lead to destruction."

"Although the Empire's resolve remains unchanged, it doesn't hurt to hedge our bets."

Li Fan's eyes flickered, "You mean..."

"That's right. The Empire will allocate a portion of its forces to join the Federation Of all Worlds."

"As an alternate seed of civilization, they will remain in the Xuanhuang Realm. If the Empire does encounter catastrophe in the future, they can continue the Imperial legacy as a separate branch." The woman in green spoke with burning eyes, revealing her true intentions.

Hearing this, Li Fan couldn't help but sneer, "Aren't you overestimating yourselves? To avoid arousing suspicion within the Empire, the forces you divert can't be too significant. Relying on them alone to exchange for the resources on this list is far from sufficient."

The woman in green replied calmly, "Your Excellency, you misunderstand. As the seeds of the Empire's civilization, all the technology the Empire currently possesses will naturally be preserved. After joining the association, these technologies can be shared with the organization."

"Let's not even mention the rest, but the value of the [Beast God Armor] alone is enough to cover most of the resources on this list."

Li Fan hadn't expected them to be so bold, willing to use all the technology at their disposal as bargaining chips.

Even if the "all technologies" they spoke of were slightly exaggerated, the various elements of the Empire that Li Fan had seen in Li Chenfeng's mind were enough to make him tempted.

Indeed, these technologies might not directly benefit Li Fan's cultivation.

But the Empire's system, so different from the current Xuanhuang Realm, could greatly enhance Li Fan's foundation.

As the saying goes, "The more skills you have, the fewer worries you'll face." Perhaps in some future cycle, this ability to control exotic beasts would come in handy.

Without much hesitation, Li Fan quickly made up his mind.

He would trick the Empire into handing over all its technology.

Feigning a hesitant yet interested look, Li Fan pondered for a moment before saying, "This is a significant matter, beyond my authority to decide."

"Allow me to report back, and I'll give you an answer."

Li Fan's response was within the woman in green's expectations.

"The sooner, the better," she urged.

Li Fan cupped his hands in farewell and quickly left.

In the secret chamber, only the Empire's group remained.

"Saint Master, do we really have to use the core technologies the Empire has developed over so many years as bargaining chips?" Li Chenfeng asked reluctantly.

The woman in green did not immediately respond. Instead, she frowned and looked up at the sky.

After laying down several layers of restrictions, she turned to Li Chenfeng and scolded, "Have you forgotten what I taught you?"

"Survival is the primary objective of civilization."

"Only by surviving do technology and culture have meaning."

"If the civilization itself is destroyed, what use are these achievements, no matter how glorious?"

Li Chenfeng was still somewhat dissatisfied, "But..."

The woman in green cut him off with a wave of her hand, "We've already discussed this with the Imperial Princess and reached a final decision. No more arguments!"

Seeing this, Li Chenfeng had no choice but to bow his head in resignation.

"That person just now, I couldn't see through him. And he's just a messenger. It seems that this [Federation Of all Worlds] truly has some depth," the woman in green murmured as she watched Li Fan's figure disappear into the distance.

Li Chenfeng was startled, "Saint Master, even with your cultivation, you couldn't discern his background? What is that man's true strength?"

The woman in green was also puzzled, "On the surface, his realm doesn't seem very high, but I could always sense a faint trace of danger from him."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 444


“Besides, it seems that he has many secret techniques concealing him, making it difficult for others to see through him, like looking at flowers in the mist,” the woman in the green dress said slowly.

Hearing this, Li Chenfeng and Zhu Shaotang exchanged glances, their hearts filled with shock.

They were well aware that the Empire's two Saint masters, [Qing] and [Hong], were powerful beings who had survived since ancient times.

The two Saint masters had personally witnessed the Empire's development from a mere gathering of mortals to the vast Empire it is today.

Their guidance had been indispensable in this process.

In the eyes of the Empire's people, the two Saint masters were the absolute embodiments of power and wisdom.

But now, the Saint master [Qing] actually said that she couldn’t see through the envoy who had just arrived?

Recalling their previous rash behavior in front of this person, Li Chenfeng couldn't help but feel a wave of fear.

“Perhaps it's because I haven’t returned here for so long. I’m somewhat unaccustomed to it,” Qing sighed with a hint of sadness, allowing Li Chenfeng to breathe a little easier.

Hundreds of miles away, Li Fan was secretly surprised as he sensed the intermittent, blurry images transmitted by the Formless Killing Intent."It seems this Saint master is not simple. She can vaguely sense and counteract my Formless Killing Intent."

"Fortunately, my skills are superior."

Li Fan was more than willing to exchange contribution points for the Empire's technology, such as the [Beast God Armor].

But if a true collaboration were to be established and the play continued, he feared he alone wouldn't be able to hold the stage, making it easy for others to see through him.

Moreover, managing five million contribution points was somewhat difficult.

"It seems it's time to advance my original plan."

With that in mind, Li Fan sensed the location of He Zhenghao.

While heading toward Liuli Island, he once again transformed into the appearance of an [Ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect Disciple].

…

He Zhenghao had been feeling troubled lately.

He had locked the communication talisman, which was constantly receiving inquiries, inside a storage ring to gain some peace.

At present, he didn’t even dare step out of Liuli Island.

As the legend of his overnight wealth spread, more and more people wanted to gather information about Li Fan through him.

Some were skeptical and wanted to personally verify the Master's credentials.

Others merely wanted to latch onto him and replicate He Zhenghao's meteoric rise.

Some even approached him with bizarre propositions, attempting to engage in strange deals.

He was overwhelmed and exhausted by all the attention.

He had to pretend to be in seclusion, hiding within the mountains and stars formation on Liuli Island, unable to meet anyone.

He Zhenghao was deeply troubled.

It wasn’t that he was deliberately avoiding people, but ever since joining the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, that Heavenly Mechanism Sect Senior had vanished, and he hadn’t been able to see him again.

He Zhenghao was utterly helpless!

As he was frowning, wondering how to explain himself to his close friends, a faintly familiar aura rapidly approached.

It passed through the mountain and star formation's defenses and immediately landed boldly before him.

“Hahaha, He boy, long time no see!”

Li Fan laughed heartily, his voice full of spring-like cheer.

He Zhenghao was first stunned, then overjoyed.

It was just as he had wished.

“Senior, you’ve finally come!” He nearly wanted to hug Li Fan's leg and weep in gratitude.

“Hm? What’s wrong with you, boy?”

With a slight wave of his hand, Li Fan kept He Zhenghao several feet away and asked knowingly.

After He Zhenghao finished pouring out his troubles, Li Fan immediately collected his smile and scolded him, “You deserve it!”

“You’re a Foundation Establishment cultivator, and yet you don’t understand the principle of getting rich quietly?”

“You obtained a Nascent Soul cultivation method; you should have practiced diligently instead of showing off to others!”

“If only your close friends knew, it might have been okay, but you made it public knowledge?”

“If you die, that’s one thing, but you dragged me into it too!”

Li Fan’s beard and hair stood on end, and he appeared extremely furious.

He Zhenghao trembled, too afraid to speak.

Li Fan shook his head, looking at He Zhenghao with a gaze full of disappointment, like one who sees a child with no hope.

He made a gesture as if to fly away.

He Zhenghao panicked immediately, “Senior, please wait! Senior, save me!”

He cried with a mournful face, explaining, “I didn’t intentionally want to show off. Perhaps it was the result of fulfilling a long-held wish, and I couldn’t control my emotions that day.”

“By the time I realized it, the news had already spread, and it was too late to regret.”

In truth, He Zhenghao’s willpower wasn’t so weak.

While excitement and impulsiveness played a role, much of it was due to Li Fan’s subtle manipulation and guidance that day.

Seeing He Zhenghao’s deep regret, Li Fan laughed inwardly but kept a stern face.

In a cold voice, he said, “Save you? How can I save you? As the saying goes, ‘Mercy does not save those who seek death.’ If you’re determined to court death, how can I help you?”

He Zhenghao’s expression grew more miserable, but seeing that Li Fan hadn’t flown away immediately, he knew there was still hope.

So he quickly said, “The reason these friends are pestering me is merely because they want to gain the Senior’s guidance, just as I did, and profit from it.”

“Senior, you can use your divine ability to sense the secrets of the heavens and then…”

Li Fan’s face turned cold, “Nonsense! Why should I help them when they are neither kin nor acquaintances?”

“Moreover, using divine abilities comes with the risk of heavenly backlash. What’s in it for me?”

With a wave of his sleeve, Li Fan looked dissatisfied and was about to leave.

He Zhenghao hurriedly blocked his way and had a sudden inspiration, saying repeatedly, “Mountain Sitting Technique! Mountain Sitting Technique!”

“When I broke through to the late Foundation Establishment stage, did you sense the feedback in your cultivation?”

Li Fan was slightly stunned and, after a while, slowly said, “It does seem like there was something like that.”

He Zhenghao slapped his thigh, “Exactly! Senior, think about it: in the current Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, all techniques are exchanged for contribution points.”

“And when you help us earn contribution points, we use them to purchase techniques and cultivate.”

“Doesn’t this mean you’re indirectly bestowing us with techniques?”

“You must know, in the current cultivation world, nothing is more significant than bestowing techniques!”

“As you practice the Mountain Sitting Technique, such a blessing will surely yield strong cultivation feedback.”

“Furthermore, there are many who have come to seek your aid.”

“If you help them all…”

“Accumulating bit by bit, how much cultivation power would that add up to?”

“With this, Master, you should soon recover your strength from before your slumber, right?”

He Zhenghao seemed to have an epiphany and became more excited as he spoke.

Li Fan slowly nodded, “There’s some logic to that!”

“But…with so many people, my ability to use divine power is limited. How can I help them all?”

After thinking it over, Li Fan still rejected the idea.

At that moment, He Zhenghao had a sudden flash of insight.

He blurted out, “We can pool together the contribution points of those who want your help and manage them collectively.”

“Then, when Master uses your divine power to find suitable investment methods and earn contribution points, you can return them.”

Li Fan was very pleased, thinking to himself, “Very good, He Zhenghao, you’ve learned to respond quickly.”

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 445


However, Li Fan's face was full of doubt. "Would others really transfer their contribution points so easily? I don't think so."

"It would be better if they don't! This way, we can use it as an excuse to get rid of some of them, so they stop pestering me!" He Zhenghao thought to himself, but he said aloud, "Senior, don't worry. Too many cultivators have been chasing me recently to ask about this. Even if only a small portion is willing to transfer their contribution points for you to handle, it will still be a considerable amount."

"Moreover, once Senior displays his divine abilities and returns the contribution points with interest, the results will speak louder than words. Afterward, there will definitely be more and more people willing to rely on Senior."

He Zhenghao was full of confidence.

Li Fan pondered for a moment, pretending to think it over.

Not long after, he slowly nodded, "It just so happens that I've been seeing many new and interesting techniques in the Tianxuan Mirror recently, and I'm itching to try them out. Moreover, in this era of cultivation, it's true that everything relies on contribution points."

"If you can really gather a significant amount of contribution points, I don't mind making it grow several times over."

Hearing Li Fan's casual words, He Zhenghao's eyes lit up.

He thought for a moment and quickly urged, "No need for so much, no need for so much!"

"You must know, if it can increase by half in a year, people will flock to hand over their contribution points to Senior!""As for the rest, Senior can keep it for yourself as a reward."

"Of course, if you could share some of the profits with me as a token of appreciation, that would be even better!"

He Zhenghao said happily.

"Satisfied with just a 50% return in a year?" Li Fan was initially surprised, then nodded, "That works too."

"Let's tentatively decide on this for now. You go and contact your friends."

"Remember, you must choose those who you know well. Contribution points from cultivators with unknown backgrounds should not be accepted."

After giving a few more instructions, He Zhenghao excitedly took out the sealed communication talisman and began replying to each person.

"Fellow Daoist Zhang, there's a great opportunity for wealth in front of you. Would you like to give it a try?"

...

"The first batch of contribution points probably won't be much, but that's okay."

"If they don't believe it the first time, they might hesitate the second time."

"By the third or fourth time, when they see others making a fortune while they miss out on the opportunity."

"By the fifth time, they'll be begging to hand over their contribution points."

Watching the busy He Zhenghao, Li Fan thought to himself.

Don't misunderstand.

Although what Li Fan is doing in this world looks very much like some kind of scam, in reality...

Li Fan really does have the ability to lead everyone to make big money.

Not to mention the huge profits he could easily gain by speculating on Lingwu grass.

Simply using the information he gathered during his endless cycles of reincarnation, buying low and selling high, making a 50% profit each year was child's play.

If certain gifted individuals can do it, there's no way Li Fan, an anomaly in this cycle of reincarnation, couldn't.

If that were the case, Li Fan might as well give up on seeking immortality and obediently return to Great Xuan to be a mortal Grandmaster for the rest of his life.

In short, increasing assets is not difficult at all for Li Fan, who holds so much advanced information.

Of course, there are certain limitations.

For example, the overall scale of assets he controls shouldn't be too large.

And he shouldn't attract the direct intervention of powers on the level of the Tianxuan Mirror.

But in reality, Li Fan never planned to make too much noise.

His goal was simply to gather a manageable group of followers while improving his cultivation through the [Mountain Sitting] technique.

And when the expansion became too overwhelming and was beyond Li Fan's control...

Crimson flames will engulf the ocean, and Ink-like darkness will consume the world.

That would be the end of it.

With all the creditors dead, naturally, there would be no debts to settle.

He could then rightfully claim all those contribution points as his own.

This is the preliminary plan.

As for the details, he'll take it step by step.

After contacting his friends, He Zhenghao went to Ten Thousand Immortal Island to meet with his fellow Daoists.

It wasn't until most of the day had passed that he returned with a beaming face.

He also brought back over 200,000 contribution points.

As expected, when He Zhenghao stated his request, most of the cultivators backed out.

After all, no one's contribution points are easy to come by.

It's one thing to receive guidance from an 'Ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect Cultivator', but to actually hand over their contribution points...

Few were willing to do that.

The 200,000 contribution points gathered this time mainly came from a cultivator named Zhou Peng, who alone contributed 50,000, taking up the majority.

Excluding him, the rest of the contributors averaged less than 5,000 points each.

Even so, He Zhenghao was extremely excited at this moment.

He solemnly transferred the 230,000 contribution points to Li Fan through the small Tianxuan Mirror.

He also didn't forget to transfer another 100,000 contribution points from his own small vault.

"Senior..."

He Zhenghao opened his mouth to say something but eventually held back.

He simply looked at Li Fan with a burning gaze.

"50,000 contribution points in a year is no big deal. Rest assured!" Li Fan said as he tossed a communication talisman to He Zhenghao. "If there's anything urgent, I'll contact you. Otherwise, don't disturb me!"

He Zhenghao nodded repeatedly, excitedly holding onto the communication talisman.

Li Fan waved him off and returned to Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

"There shouldn't be any problems..."

He Zhenghao muttered to himself.

Now that the initial excitement had passed, a more rational He Zhenghao couldn't help but feel uneasy.

But now that the matter has been settled, he can only pray that this senior from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect won't make any mistakes.

Inside the Tianxuan Mirror.

Li Fan released several scrolls of Lan Xiao's posthumous works.

While procuring the necessary materials for the empire, he patiently waited.

Sure enough, three days later, the Oracle contacted Li Fan to express his gratitude.

"I still have some rare books here, but I need Senior to do me a small favor." Li Fan said with a smile.

"Oh?" The Oracle was slightly surprised but still listened with interest to Li Fan's request.

"Interesting." It seemed that this fellow was involved in something shady.

But the Oracle didn't care about that.

In this world, who doesn't have some secrets?

With a gentle wave of his dust whisk, the Oracle concealed his aura and quietly arrived at Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

After meeting with Li Fan, the two flew directly toward the island where the empire's people were located.

In a secret chamber, the Empire's imperial Saint Master, [Qing], who was concentrating on drawing something, suddenly stood up and looked in the direction where Li Fan was coming from, her expression serious.

When Li Fan and the Oracle landed on the island, her face changed slightly.

"The Federation Of All World's indeed has some weight."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 446


Before [Qing] could speak, the Oracle swung his dust whisk.

The sky darkened, and a talisman filled with golden characters appeared instantly above the island.

It blotted out the sky and the sun, as if it was about to suppress everyone in the Empire the next moment.

Qing's expression changed drastically. Two blue beams of light shot up into the sky like sharp blades.

They collided with the massive talisman.

The golden talisman was torn apart, revealing the sky once again.

However, the golden characters on the talisman didn't disappear.

Instead, they floated down, drifting towards the ground.

Blades of light continuously emerged from Qing's body.

One by one, the characters were dispelled.It was clear that both sides were extremely restrained in their exchange.

The phenomena they triggered were confined to the area around the island, not affecting bystanders like Li Fan, Li Chenfeng, and others in the slightest.

After a moment, when Qing had fully suppressed the Oracle's golden talisman,

She forced down her anger and was about to question his intentions.

But she noticed that the mysterious person who had cast the talisman had already spoken something to Li Fan and left on his own.

Qing narrowed her eyes slightly but did not stop him.

She watched as Li Fan approached boldly.

"What does your Federation of All World's mean by this?"

Only then did Qing ask coldly.

Li Fan shrugged. "We mean no harm. But since we're going to cooperate, it's only natural to test your strength and see if you're worth it."

"Fortunately, you've barely gained recognition from above."

Qing snorted coldly, staring at Li Fan.

Li Fan remained unfazed, smiling as he said, "The Federation has agreed to your previous proposal for cooperation."

"We'll help the Empire accelerate its plan to break away from the Xuanhuang Realm, but in return, you need to allocate some of your forces to join the Federation."

"However..."

Li Fan paused slightly. "Considering the current situation of both sides, the organization believes that we can gradually implement the cooperation plan."

"How do you plan to proceed gradually?" Qing's tone softened.

Li Fan tossed a storage ring over. Qing caught it and, after checking it, was taken aback.

Inside were all sorts of resources the Empire needed.

Green Spirit Crystals, Ten Thousand Flower Jade Silk, Arm of Profound sage...

Although the quantities were small, each type was present.

Having been away from the Xuanhuang Realm for thousands of years, she didn't know the current market prices.

But Qing also knew that the value of the materials in this storage ring was certainly not insignificant.

So, her expression gradually softened.

"This is the first batch of supplies."

"The quantities you require are enormous. To avoid attracting attention from the forces of the Xuanhuang Realm, we're only purchasing them in small batches."

Li Fan explained.

Qing found the explanation reasonable and nodded slowly.

"At the same time, we're also looking for a future foothold for the Empire's branch."

"Both safety and secrecy must be absolutely guaranteed. In the current Xuanhuang Realm, such a place is hard to find. So, it will take some time."

Li Fan continued.

"To alleviate your concerns and demonstrate the organization's sincerity, these materials are provided to the Empire for free."

"Around a year from now, when the next batch of materials is procured, I'll come back."

"But by then, the Federation of All Worlds, hopes to see the Empire's attitude."

"Then we'll discuss the next steps of our cooperation."

Li Fan cupped his hands, and without waiting for Qing's response, he left directly.

"Saint Master..."

Li Chenfeng looked at Qing, wanting to speak but hesitating.

Qing frowned and carefully examined the storage ring again. After finding no tricks, she cautiously put it away.

"For now, it seems their intention to cooperate is quite sincere."

"He wasn't wrong; we can gradually start cooperating. First, exchange some of the less important technologies with them."

"If anything goes wrong, we can stop the losses in time."

Qing said to Li Chenfeng and the others.

"I need to return and discuss this further with the Imperial Princess and Hong."

What she didn't say was that, for some reason, she always felt there was something strange about the messenger from the Federation.

It seemed far more complicated than it appeared on the surface.

Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

After thanking the Oracle again, Li Fan, as usual, began searching for information in the Tianxuan Mirror.

The results of the entrance exam had been gradually announced, with some rejoicing and others lamenting.

There was still considerable controversy over some of the positions' selections.

However, the disputes quickly disappeared.

In the southwest sea of Congyun sea, a storm ravaged the area, causing the disappearance of more than a dozen mortal islands.

The price of the specialty product, Bixuan Dew, saw a slight fluctuation. Li Fan bought low and sold high, making a small profit.

In Taihua Prefecture, one of the ten veins of the Taihua Mountain, the Taixu Mountain Range suddenly collapsed for unknown reasons.

When Li Fan skimmed over this piece of information, his gaze sharpened slightly.

"Hmm? The ten veins of Taihua Mountain? I remember in previous lives there were only nine veins of Taihua."

"It seems the casualties this time were quite severe."

Li Fan pondered but didn't delve deeper.

He simply marked it as a priority and continued browsing other important news.

Afterward, Li Fan separately searched for the latest information on "Old Fisherman," "Martial Madman," "Zhong Shentong," and "Shuo feng."

The Old Fisherman was still wandering near the central four prefectures of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Martial Madman and Zhong Shentong had not yet made a name for themselves.

Shuofeng had not yet restarted his cultivation, still renowned as a Nascent Soul True Lord.

Li Fan, based on his experiences from previous lives, speculated on the likely timing of their encounters with opportunities.

...

A month later, Li Fan woke up from his seclusion.

Feeling that the time was right, he directly transferred 500,000 contribution points to He Zhenghao.

"This time, I was lucky. I quickly sensed the opportunity and completed the goal early."

Li Fan spoke lazily.

A moment later, He Zhenghao's voice, filled with ecstatic surprise, came through.

"Senior's divine abilities are truly incredible!"

"Heh. The sect's secret technique still carries unavoidable backlash. The next recruitment will still be at the previously agreed time. Make sure to explain this to them clearly."

After giving some instructions, Li Fan stopped paying attention to He Zhenghao and swallowed a Enlightenment Pill, going back into seclusion.

Time flew by quickly, and in the blink of an eye, it was year 9 since the starting of Anchor.

During this period, Li Fan's plans began to show initial results.

More than twenty strands of feedback, of varying amounts, began to appear in Li Fan's dantian one after another.

Coupled with nearly a year's worth of arduous cultivation under the dual effects of the Spirit Awakening and Dao Enlightenment Pills,

Li Fan reached the peak of the mid-stage Golden Core and, fortunately, was only troubled by the 'Heaven's Calamity' bottleneck for a little over ten days.

Then, he smoothly advanced to the late stage of the Golden Core.

Li Fan slowly exhaled, pausing his cultivation.

"From now on, whether it's to intimidate the people of the Empire or to explore the void of Tianling Prefecture, it's hard to manage everything alone."

"Perhaps it's time to find some assistance."

Li Fan pondered for a moment, then quietly left Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

He headed straight for Tian yang Cave Mansion.

Along the way, he tried dozens of times and finally managed to barely create a face that resembled the Second Senior Brother of Tian yang, Ling Xiao.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 447


Nine years have passed, and the Tianyang Cave Mansion has yet to be revealed.

It remains deeply hidden within an underwater volcano, known to no one else.

After much effort, Li Fan was able to determine the location of the cave mansion using the "Earth Fire Return To Origin Array" he acquired from Tianyang's remnant thoughts.

After activating several protective talismans, Li Fan carefully infiltrated the cave mansion.

Currently, Lord Tianyang is in a peculiar state, neither fully alive nor dead.

From the Eternal Remnants Memories, Li Fan learned that when the Reestablishing the Body and Transforming into the Dao was initiated, everyone except Tianyang participated in an ancient battle and never returned.

Tianyang, however, firmly believed that his master and senior brothers would return. Afraid they wouldn't find him upon their return, Tianyang stayed in the cave mansion, refusing to leave.

But years later, outsiders broke into the cave mansion. Tianyang wanted to resist but was no match for them. He barely managed to survive thanks to the magical artifacts left behind by his senior brothers before they departed.

After that, young Tianyang began a wandering life in the world of immortal cultivation.

Through trials and tribulations, he gradually realized that his potential was far from being as exceptional as his senior brothers had claimed. He wasn’t the hope for the revival of the Reestablishing the Body and Transforming into the Dao.He couldn’t even match ordinary Golden Core cultivators, let alone his senior brothers.

But despite this, his master and senior brothers placed their last hopes in him.

Whenever he remembered their words—"Tianyang, your potential is not inferior to anyone in this world. Recover quickly, as the 'Reestablishing the Body and Transforming into the Dao' depends on you"—he couldn't help but feel immense hatred toward his own incompetence.

But reality doesn't change with emotions.

Tianyang estimated that without any extraordinary encounters, reaching the Golden Core stage would be his limit.

To fulfill the expectations of his master and senior brothers, Tianyang decided to risk everything and use a method of discarding his physical body to fully transform himself into a puppet, in an attempt to defy fate.

His entire later life was spent preparing for this.

He searched for suitable locations to set up the "Earth Fire Return To Origin Array"

, collected materials, and crafted puppets...

Once everything was ready, Tianyang resolutely completed his transformation into a puppet.

He then entered a deep sleep within the earth's veins, intending to use the power of the earth fire to temper the puppet, allowing it to evolve.

If everything went as planned, Tianyang would have completed his transformation within five hundred years, becoming a powerful entity on par with Soul Transformation True Monarch.

But fate had other plans...

Over five hundred years, the world changed drastically. Shifting earth veins caused the Earth Fire Return To Origin Array to lose much of its effectiveness, and the materials Tianyang initially used to craft the puppet were ordinary at best.

This resulted in the puppet's evolution process being exceptionally slow.

The anticipated five hundred years turned into several thousand years.

As time passed, even in his sleep, Tianyang's consciousness gradually eroded. He lost most of his will, leaving only the obsession of "Tianyang's Life is Not Weaker Than Others."

Li Fan guessed that the "Heaven-Flipping Palm", which had turned the Congyun Mountain Range into the Congyun Sea, might have been the cause of Tianyang's failure.

"Tianyang's life was unfortunate..." Li Fan shook his head and arrived at the plaza outside the cave mansion.

After carefully observing for a moment, Li Fan's figure became as elusive as a ghost. He transformed into a thin line, twisting and turning, safely passing through.

Without triggering any traps or mechanisms, Li Fan successfully reached the depths of the cave mansion.

There, sitting was a small child's skeleton.

In reality, due to Tianyang's congenital deficiency never being remedied, he remained the size of a child.

Li Fan approached cautiously, keeping his guard up.

Suddenly, creaking sounds echoed from the ground below.

Li Fan's heart stirred, and he quickly retreated.

Seventeen black-and-red puppets emerged and charged toward him.

Li Fan activated the Dao-Transforming technique and shouted, "Little Junior Brother, don't you recognize me?"

The puppets ignored him, attacking relentlessly.

They all launched their assaults on Li Fan.

Fortunately, they had the characteristic of becoming weaker when facing a weaker opponent and stronger when facing a stronger one.

A sword light forced the puppets back. Li Fan moved between them, continuously calling out Tianyang's name.

Gradually, the puppets' movements became hesitant.

At this moment, Li Fan took out a projection stone and projected Ling Xiao's last work into the air.

Finally, the puppets stopped attacking.

They looked up at the text and images in the air.

"Second..."

"Senior... brother?"

A slightly sluggish mechanical voice rang out.

Li Fan laughed, "Little Junior Brother, it's been a thousand years. How have you been?"

"Second... Senior Brother!"

Bang!

Cracks appeared on the seventeen puppets' bodies, and then they shattered like broken porcelain.

The scattered fragments dissolved and squirmed, eventually forming a small Tianyang puppet.

It flew in front of Li Fan, tilting its head and examining him.

Seeing the somewhat unfamiliar man before him, Tianyang appeared confused.

Li Fan patted Tianyang's shoulder and said, "Come on, let Senior Brother take you home!"

The Tianyang puppet was stunned.

A roaring sound came from the depths of the sea, and the ground trembled as if something was about to break through.

Li Fan chuckled, "Junior Brother, don't be so excited. The outside world is still full of bad people."

"It wouldn't be good if they found us."

As if understanding Li Fan's words, the puppet nodded after a long pause.

In an instant, the seabed returned to silence.

With Li Fan's help, it took three days for Tianyang to retrieve all the broken body components buried deep underground.

They were reassembled into one, and he quietly followed Li Fan.

Li Fan used a secret technique to conceal their auras.

He also took Tianyang's remains, which carried Eternal Remnant Memories, from the cave mansion.

The two of them traveled quickly and arrived at the nameless deserted island where the people who left the world in the previous life lived.

It took more than ten days for Li Fan to create a simple cave mansion, modeled after the original Reestablishing the Body and Transforming into the Dao sect.

After setting up concealment and protective formation, Li Fan looked at Tianyang and instructed, "Little Junior Brother, wait for me here. I'll be back soon."

Tianyang obediently nodded.

After Li Fan left, Tianyang went to his original room and quietly sat down.

Inside the Tianxuan Mirror.

"Waking up Tianyang a few years earlier does have some drawbacks."

"He hasn't fully completed his tempering, so there's still a bit of a gap before reaching the peak of Soul Transformation."

"But I can help him complete it."

After researching for a while, with the purchase of rare materials, contribution points were spent like flowing water.

Two days later, Li Fan returned to the nameless island with several storage rings full of supplies.

"Gray Mysterious Diamond, Willow-Touched Mysterious Stone, Scarlet Spirit Copper..."

"Little Junior Brother, these are materials your body can absorb to strengthen yourself."

"As for your daily routine, stay within this Return to Origin Formation. It will aid in your tempering..."

Li Fan carefully guided Tianyang.

Tianyang listened attentively.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 448


At this moment, the Tianyang Puppet was still acting purely on instinct.

It took Li Fan quite some effort to teach it how to use the Return to Origin Formation to temper and strengthen itself.

Fortunately, Tianyang was entirely obedient to his senior brother, Li Fan.

Even the most clumsy student will eventually learn with enough practice.

Seeing Tianyang gradually become more proficient, Li Fan felt a sense of relief.

"If someone comes to disturb you, don't kill them. Just capture and imprison them, and wait for me to return to deal with it."

"If you encounter someone you can't defeat, don't be reckless. Slip away quietly and meet up with me later to discuss our next move."

...

After giving Tianyang a few instructions, Li Fan flew out and sealed the cave.

"The strongest combat forces on the surface of Congyun Sea are just a few Soul Transformation True Monarch.""Now that I have Junior Brother Tianyang backing me up, I can do a lot more."

Looking down at the unnamed island below, Li Fan smiled faintly. "From now on, I'll call you Shenhua Island."

"Once Tianyang completes his own repairs, I can also have him help refine mechanical puppets."

"If materials aren't scarce, creating a few Nascent Soul-level puppets shouldn't be too difficult."

"Although mechanical puppets can't be compared to true Nascent Soul cultivators, they are advantageous in that they don't tire and can overwhelm with sheer numbers."

The more Li Fan thought about it, the happier he felt.

After a while, he calmed himself and retrieved Tianyang's remains from his storage ring.

He still received the prompt that [Truth] could absorb it, but that familiar hunger was no longer there.

After considering it, Li Fan ultimately decided not to absorb it.

"I've already obtained everything I can from Tianyang's remnant memories. Absorbing it again wouldn't be very meaningful."

"It's better to keep it. Who knows, it might come in handy later."

Cultivators in the Xuanhuang Realm surely have ways to utilize Eternal Remnants Memories.

However, even in his previous life, when he reached the Level Thirty authority level, he hadn't found any relevant information.

Speaking of Eternal Remnants, Li Fan couldn't help but think of the skull of the first cultivator infected by the Mortal-immortal Plague that he had seen in his previous life.

"Maybe it was precisely because it was attached to an Eternal Remnant that it was placed at the center of the Divine Treasury Museum."

Collecting his thoughts, Li Fan did not return to Ten Thousand immortal Island but instead quietly arrived outside Liuli Island.

Finding the giant Liuli Fish, Li Fan concealed his aura and descended to the seabed.

He didn't act immediately but waited for something.

Time passed slowly, and when the moment arrived, matching the node in previous lifetimes when Li Fan re-entered the cultivation world and used the Formless Killing Intent to kill the Giant Liuli Fish, he replicated the process and retrieved the exquisite Luminous Azure Pearl.

With an ample supply of Enlightenment Pills now, the Liuli Pearl had become somewhat redundant.

But Li Fan didn't kill the giant Liuli Fish for the pearl.

He did it to ensure the attack on Lingwucao Island and the series of subsequent chain events would occur.

The reason for waiting until the anchor of the 8th year to act was to avoid the impact of any deviations from the time node.

Everything in the world is in a constant state of dynamic evolution, interconnected with one another.

His early arrival in the Xuanhuang Realm was like a stone falling into a pond, affecting many things.

Li Fan couldn't guarantee that the events from previous lifetimes wouldn't change in this one.

All he could do was minimize the deviations as much as possible.

"Stirring up the Spirit Mist Grass incident is critical to the Tianling Continent war, True Monach Jicheng's bounty, and the emergence of the Tianxuan Spirit Lock Formation

."

"It must not fail."

"If it really doesn't work..."

The giant Liuli Fish was reduced to nothing in an instant, with streams of blood drifting upward.

A hint of ruthlessness flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

After finishing this task, Li Fan made another trip, collecting two blue-blooded corals.

Although that bit of contribution was insignificant to Li Fan now, it allowed him to connect with Chen Ying, a Nascent Soul cultivator from the Medicine Hall.

And this person would soon head to the Five Elements Great Cave Heaven.

As long as he used the *Formless Killing Intent* to monitor him, Li Fan would be the first to know when the Tianling Continent war erupted, giving him the opportunity to take advantage of the chaos.

Returning to the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan chose to submit the task.

He also inquired whether the other party was refining the Ice Intent Heartless Pill.

"Can you infer what pill I'm refining with just one main ingredient? Are you, by any chance, skilled in this field?" Chen Ying asked, curious.

As expected, his interest was piqued, and Chen Ying sent an inquiry.

"Haha, I don't know much about alchemy. I just know a bit about deducing and calculating." Li Fan replied with a smile.

"I wish to explore the Fallen Immortal Realm, and I have a feeling that the pill you are refining might be helpful. Hence, my inquiry."

Chen Ying exclaimed, "Is the art of deduction really that mysterious..."

"Wait, could you be that ancient cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect who woke up from slumber?"

At that moment, seeing Li Fan's name, Chen Ying suddenly recalled something and asked in surprise.

"Haha, that's me, but it's just an empty reputation. You don't need to take it seriously!" Li Fan responded humbly.

But Chen Ying was thoroughly intrigued.

He insisted on meeting Li Fan in person and even offered to give him some Ice Intent Heartless Pills for free.

Feigning reluctance, Li Fan eventually agreed.

They arranged to meet at Chen Ying's residence on Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

It was well known that cultivators could purchase caves on Ten Thousand Immortal Island to live in.

However, the price was not cheap.

None of the Congyun Sea cultivators Li Fan had befriended in previous lifetimes had indulged in such luxury.

Even Zhang Zhiliang hadn't splurged on a residence to enjoy himself.

"It seems alchemy is more profitable than formations," Li Fan mused as he arrived in front of Chen Ying's cave.

Sensing Li Fan's arrival, a green door suddenly opened.

What seemed like a simple, small residence from the outside turned out to be an entirely different world upon entering.

It was like stepping into a valley, where many different kinds of herbs and spiritual plants grew in the extensive spirit fields.

The concentration of spiritual energy in the valley wasn't particularly high, and Li Fan didn't see anyone tending to the plants.

Yet all these spiritual herbs and plants were thriving.

Li Fan guessed that it might have something to do with the layers of different colored restrictions that enveloped the spirit fields.

"Ah, Daoist Li Fan, you finally made it!" Chen Ying's hearty laughter echoed from afar.

Li Fan looked over and saw him emerging from a patch of crops taller than a person.

Ignoring his somewhat disheveled appearance, Chen Ying flew straight toward Li Fan.

"Eight Mystical Grass... but the ordinary kind isn't usually this tall."

"I've heard that Chen Ying is not only skilled in alchemy but also very adept at cultivating spiritual plants. Seeing it today, his reputation is well-deserved."

Li Fan's mind became more active.

"Daoist Chen Ying, it's a pleasure to meet you!" He greeted warmly with cupped hands.

Suddenly, his expression changed, and he stared intently at Chen Ying.

Chen Ying was taken aback and touched his face, feeling puzzled.

"What's the matter, Daoist Li Fan?"

Seeing Li Fan's serious expression, he couldn't help but ask.

"I observed your face and feared that you might face a bloody disaster in the near future!" Li Fan shook his head and said in a deep tone.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 449


"Bloody Disaster?" Chen Ying was taken aback, watching Li Fan's serious expression.

"Where did you get that idea?" Chen Ying asked, half-believing, half-doubting, as he had not expected this ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect cultivator to give him such a surprise upon their first meeting.

Li Fan didn't immediately answer. Instead, he closed his eyes, furrowed his brows, and started calculating with his fingers.

Seeing this, Chen Ying stood aside, not daring to disturb him.

The divination lasted for as long as it takes an incense stick to burn.

Li Fan's breathing was erratic, and his face grew paler by the minute.

This made Chen Ying nervous as well.

Suddenly, Li Fan opened his eyes and spat out a mouthful of blood.

"Fellow Daoist Li Fan, are you alright?" Chen Ying was startled and stepped forward to check on him.

"It's nothing serious, just a little backlash," Li Fan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and waved his hand.Before Chen Ying could react, Li Fan looked at him intently and asked, "Fellow Daoist Chen, are you planning to go on a long journey soon?"

Chen Ying was first stunned, then shocked.

Not long ago, he had indeed received orders from headquarters to go to a newly discovered wood-element cave.

But he hadn't mentioned this to anyone yet, so how did Li Fan know?

Could it be that he really saw something through his divination?

Chen Ying quickly took out a Vital Qi Consolidation Pill and handed it to Li Fan.

"Fellow Daoist, please take this pill; it can help alleviate your injuries."

After Li Fan swallowed it and his complexion improved, Chen Ying asked solemnly, "It's true; I do have to leave Congyun Sea soon. Is the blood calamity you mentioned related to this journey?"

Li Fan slowly nodded, "If you return early, it should be fine. The longer you stay outside, the more dangerous it will become."

Chen Ying's heart sank.

This mission would definitely take at least ten years, if not longer, to complete.

Does that mean that if he goes, he is doomed to face great danger?

The thought of defying orders crossed Chen Ying's mind.

But it was only a thought.

The orders from the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance were not something a small Nascent Soul cultivator like him could refuse.

Is there no escape, only a path to death?

No wonder he'd been feeling uneasy recently but couldn't pinpoint the reason.

It turned out to be this!

Chen Ying's face turned extremely grim.

After a moment, he looked at Li Fan, who was standing nearby, and had an idea.

"This journey cannot be avoided; I beg you, fellow Daoist, to save me!" Chen Ying pleaded with a hopeful expression.

Li Fan sighed softly, "Understanding the will of heaven is easy; defying it is difficult. I can barely glimpse the secrets of the future, but to change one's fate against the heavens... that's..."

"You're asking a lot from me."

"However, I can give you some advice."

"I can't guarantee it will work, but you can try."

Just as Chen Ying was feeling extremely disappointed, Li Fan suddenly changed his tone.

Chen Ying was overjoyed, "Please tell me, fellow Daoist!"

Li Fan first sized up Chen Ying, then asked, "Forgive me for being blunt, but in a life-and-death struggle, how strong are you?"

Chen Ying's face showed some embarrassment, "As they say, 'each to their own expertise.' I'm good at alchemy and nurturing plants... but fighting..."

Chen Ying shook his head.

Li Fan asked again, "If you were ambushed, how strong is your ability to protect yourself? Do you have any defense mechanisms, stealth techniques, or escape methods prepared?"

"The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance has been peaceful for a long time, and I’ve always been on good terms with others. I didn't think I'd need those things..." Chen Ying answered honestly.

Li Fan sighed deeply, "That's it! You have no sense of caution. If disaster strikes suddenly and you're unprepared, you're bound to fall."

"If this calamity cannot be avoided, you'll have to face it head-on."

"I see that you're wealthy enough to buy such a cave dwelling on Ten Thousand Immortal Island. The only way now is to spend money to avoid disaster!"

"In the Tianxuan Mirror, there are many defensive treasures and techniques. You must not be stingy; buy as much as you can and strengthen yourself."

"If you can hold off an attack from a cultivator of the Dao Integration stage for even a moment, you might find a chance to survive."

Li Fan spoke earnestly.

"The attack of an Dao Integration stage immortal Sage?" Chen Ying was startled.

With the contribution points he had accumulated over the years, he might be able to afford one or two treasures that could withstand an Dao Integration Stage attack.

But those were meant for him to exchange for an Dao Integration Stage cultivation method.

If the calamity Li Fan mentioned didn't happen, it would be a huge waste of contribution points.

He'd have to start from scratch again.

"Isn't this a bit..." Chen Ying couldn't help but ask, but he saw Li Fan subtly shake his head.

"I've said all I can. Whether you believe it or not is up to you. It has nothing to do with me now."

Li Fan turned to leave.

Chen Ying hurriedly stopped him.

"Fellow Daoist, you came in such a hurry; how can you leave in such a hurry? Your life-saving grace will be repaid later. For now, let me show you some hospitality!" Suppressing all his conflicting thoughts, Chen Ying took Li Fan on a tour of his cave dwelling.

After introducing him to the unique forbidden method he had developed for nurturing spiritual plants, Chen Ying personally refined a batch of pills in front of Li Fan.

During their conversations, Chen Ying discovered that this man truly was an ancient cultivator.

His knowledge was vast, and although he didn't specialize in alchemy, his understanding of herbal properties was profound, with some insights even benefiting Chen Ying.

Li Fan stayed in Chen Ying's cave dwelling for seven days before finally taking his leave, much to Chen Ying's reluctance.

Before departing, Chen Ying generously gifted a bottle of Insight Enlighten Pills to Li Fan.

This pill was specially refined by him and had remarkable effects when used during the breakthrough from the Golden Core to the Nascent Soul stage.

The materials were rare, and the success rate was extremely low.

Chen Ying himself didn't have much in stock and usually didn't sell them, instead using them as gifts in special circumstances.

He only gave it to Li Fan because he noticed that Li Fan's cultivation had recovered to the late Golden Core stage and that he was about to form his Nascent Soul again—a gesture of reciprocation.

"This man is not a fraud; he truly has real knowledge."

After sending Li Fan off, Chen Ying pondered to himself.

"A blood calamity..."

"It's just some contribution points. If I lose them, I can earn more. At worst, I'll just have to work harder and refine more pills."

"But if I die, everything is over."

"It's better to believe in it than not."

With this in mind, Chen Ying made up his mind.

He opened the Tianxuan Mirror in his cave dwelling and began searching.

...

"I wonder if Chen Ying will survive."

After leaving the cave dwelling, with multiple restrictions in place, the formless killing intent lost its ability to track Chen Ying precisely.

It could only faintly sense his presence.

"It's all up to him now."

Li Fan stopped thinking about it, left the residential area on Ten Thousand Immortal Island, and returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

"If I didn't know that the entire Congyun Sea would disappear soon, I would definitely buy a cave dwelling myself."

Feeling the relatively cramped space in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan couldn't help but have this thought.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 450


It wasn’t purely for enjoyment but rather to better align with the identity of the [Heavenly Mechanism Sect Cultivator] as an investment master.

After all, with your ability to double the capital every two years, it wouldn’t make much sense to be crammed into the Tianxuan Mirror like an ordinary cultivator.

Though it could be explained by claiming a reclusive nature.

However, considering the possible publicity effect of "purchasing a cave on the the Ten Thousand Immortal Island shortly after joining the the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance", Li Fan really had the idea of ​​purchasing a cave dwelling.

After searching for a while, he had no choice but to give up.

The reason was simple—contribution points alone weren’t enough.

Not only was there a requirement for a certain level of Authority requirement within the the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, but one also needed to obtain a [Residence Permit] issued by the Administration Hall of the Island to be eligible to purchase a cave dwelling there.

This residence permit is generally only granted to cultivators who have made special contributions to the local branch of the the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

However, it is said that there are additional channels through which one can privately purchase such a permit, though it’s unclear whether this is true.

“It’s better to stay in the Tianxuan Mirror for now.”Li Fan dismissed the idea.

He took out the [Insight Enlighten Pill] that Chen Ying had just given him, swallowed it in one go, and carefully felt the changes occurring within himself.

Its effect was somewhat similar to the Enlightenment Pill.

However, the Enlightenment Pill is more comprehensive, aiding in the comprehension of cultivation techniques, deduction of secret arts, or breakthroughs in cultivation levels.

This insight Enlighten Pill, on the other hand, only shows its effects when Li Fan wants to make a breakthrough in his cultivation.

“It’s like a low-end, specialized version of the Enlightenment Pill.”

“Enlightenment Pills are hard to come by within the the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, so this Insight Enlighten Pill isn’t bad either.”

To avoid wasting the pill’s effect, Li Fan seized the time it lasted and began cultivating.

It was unclear how much time had passed before Li Fan was abruptly awakened by an inexplicable sensation in his heart.

It turned out that the restrictions on entering the Fallen Immortal Realm had lifted, and he could go there again.

"It seems like this retreat was more immersive than usual. I only felt like I closed my eyes for a moment, but so much time has passed."

“There’s indeed some value here.”

“Such talent... I hope he can survive this calamity.”

With this thought, Li Fan began setting up a ritual in the surroundings.

"Blessings to the Heavenly Venerable Xuanhuang!" he murmured. The next moment, the world spun around him, and Li Fan found himself descending back into the Fallen Immortal Realm.

As expected, his entire body was enveloped in a mysterious liquid, surrounded by darkness.

He had once again become the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird still inside its eggshell.

Fatigue and weakness pervaded him.

Li Fan tried his best to absorb the surrounding liquid, striving to stay awake.

While doing so, he pondered his options.

"From the experience of Ye Feipeng in my previous life, the Creation furnace Technique is effective even for creatures like demonic beasts."

"Although my body is currently too fragile, and forcibly invoking the hidden power might cause a backlash I can't handle,"

"But with Xu Ke watching over me, it should be fine."

"I might as well give it a try. If it doesn't work out, I can always start over."

In an instant, Li Fan made up his mind.

Focusing his thoughts, it was as if he wielded a massive hammer, striking hard at the force within him.

"Eh? What's happening?"

A searing power suddenly erupted from within, seemingly burning everything.

Li Fan’s consciousness was about to dissolve when, in a daze, he seemed to hear Xu Ke's faint exclamation.

He then fell into silence.

After an unknown amount of time, Li Fan gradually regained consciousness.

Instinctively checking his condition, he found that he was several times stronger than before he had passed out.

The hidden power he had initially activated surged from every part of his body, transforming the Mystical Bird.

The liquid in the dark space around him also seemed to contain another form of energy.

Tiny specks of red light, resembling flames, began to appear.

"Not bad, Xu Ke."

Li Fan greedily swallowed a few gulps and immediately felt more energized.

"This is…"

The taste of the red specks was strikingly similar to a certain fruit that Xu Ke had fed the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird in a previous life.

"A great tonic, Xu Ke, you really are resourceful. No wonder you're favored by fate."

Li Fan was finally at ease.

After fully digesting the energy he had consumed and feeling that his body was in peak condition, Li Fan once again focused his thoughts and unleashed the hidden power within.

"What's happening again?"

Just before passing out, Li Fan vaguely heard Xu Ke's miserable cry.

True to his word, Xu Ke exerted himself again and managed to save the dying Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird.

In this way, Li Fan fearlessly and without hesitation continued to practice the Creation Furnace Technique.

Whenever he couldn’t endure it anymore, Xu Ke's seemingly otherworldly luck would lead him to find a solution.

After repeating this process seven times, the surrounding liquid was entirely absorbed, and Li Fan felt it was time.

Letting out a loud cry, Li Fan clawed at the eggshell.

Fine cracks spread out, and then light appeared.

Li Fan broke through the shell.

After devouring the broken eggshell, Li Fan looked at the stunned Xu Ke beside him, fluttered his wings, and made a home in his hair.

"Oh no, oh no, I haven't completed the Spirit Beast Art's bonding, and it's already hatched?"

"Did I raise it to be useless?"

Xu Ke lamented, muttering to himself.

Li Fan unceremoniously gave him a claw, conveying the message that he was hungry.

Xu Ke yelped in surprise and had no choice but to take Li Fan into the forest to search for food.

As Li Fan practiced the Creation Furnace Technique, he also sensed the connection between himself and Xu Ke.

A thread of cold energy subtly flowed through his body, beyond his control, and seemed to resonate with Xu Ke beneath him.

Had it not been for Li Fan’s practice of the Creation Furnace Technique and the initial control over his body it provided, he might never have noticed it.

It was this thread of cold energy that made Li Fan feel a slight sense of closeness to Xu Ke.

However, since Li Fan had independently broken out of his shell in this life, the kind of unbreakable bond had not yet formed.

"So this is the Beast Taming Art?"

Li Fan mused.

He then gave Xu Ke another hard claw, causing him to cry out in pain.

Li Fan resumed his cultivation of the Heaven's Mandate is Mine divine power.

As he absorbed the luck that overflowed from Xu Ke, Li Fan felt invigorated.

Under the dual enhancement of the Creation Furnace Technique and the Heaven's Mandate is Mine, although he was just born, Li Fan's strength rapidly increased.

Moreover, perhaps due to the reversed cultivation path in his previous life, which had strengthened his soul and will, Li Fan was now less influenced by the emotions and nature of the Mystical Bird.

At least, he no longer experienced uncontrollable behavior.

More than a month later, while Xu Ke was not paying attention, Li Fan tested his abilities on some wild demonic beasts in the mountains.

Ordinary demonic beasts in the Qi condensation stage were no longer his match.

One day, as Xu Ke was foraging with Li Fan as usual, they were suddenly stopped by an uninvited guest.

It was none other than Song Yang, who had been eyeing the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird.

Sensing the gaze of the black two-headed snake coiled around Song Yang’s neck, Li Fan sneered.

A faint killing intent solidified and rushed toward it.

The black two-headed snake immediately trembled and curled into a ball.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 451


Song Yang immediately noticed the abnormality in his companion spirit beast and was instantly horrified.

He hadn't expected that the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird, which had just been born, could suppress the two-headed black snake merely through its aura.

Watching the bird nestled in Xu Ke's thick hair, Song Yang's eyes gleamed with greed.

However, he knew better than to rely on the black two-headed snake; it seemed he would need to find another way.

With a cold snort, Song Yang calmed his spirit beast and turned away.

Having turned a crisis into nothing, Li Fan yawned and curled back into his "nest."

Meanwhile, Xu Ke scratched his head, looking puzzled and confused.

Time continued to flow, and the power of the bird that Li Fan had transformed into kept growing.

Soon, it reached its first point of transformation.

Its pitch-black feathers had grown all over its body, and perhaps due to absorbing Xu Ke's fortune since childhood, a strand of purple-gold was mixed in.Because of the training in the Creation Furnace Cultivation technique, which allowed for control over its body, it didn't grow in size, remaining small enough to sleep in Xu Ke's hair.

Relying on its physical body alone, it could already go toe-to-toe with late-stage Foundation Establishment demon beasts.

It had long unlocked a psychic connection with Xu Ke, but Li Fan had always ignored him.

As a result, Xu Ke, naive as he was, never noticed.

On the contrary, Li Fan took the opportunity to constantly probe Xu Ke's mind, trying to extract the foundational technique of the Beast Taming Sect, the Beast Taming Art.

Unfortunately, the kid's thoughts were too erratic, like a wild horse, impossible to pin down.

Moreover, the Beast Taming Art seemed to have some sort of restriction preventing spirit beasts from prying, so Li Fan had never succeeded.

One day, as Li Fan lay in Xu Ke's hair sunbathing and dozing off, he suddenly felt a sense of foreboding. He stood up, his expression solemn.

"Judging by the time, today should be the day Mr. Bai appears."

To avoid drawing attention, Li Fan quickly shrank back and hid inside, secretly observing.

Half a day later, with a resounding dragon's roar echoing through the heavens and earth, Mr. Bai made his official entrance.

Just as in his past life, the entire Beast Taming Sect found no one who could stand against Mr. Bai.

Sky-Soaring Azure Dragons, Twin-Winged White Tigers, Two-Horned Qilins...

Many exotic beasts were slain, their organs taken by Mr. Bai as "gifts for the children."

Painful wails echoed throughout the Beast Taming Sect.

The disciples of the Beast Taming Sect stood in stunned silence, trembling with fear.

At that moment, Li Fan moved.

Suppressing his inner terror, he transformed into a streak of black light and shot toward the sky through the rain of blood from the demon beasts.

Indeed, Li Fan's target was Mr. Bai!

He had long harbored a suspicion in his heart.

Could this Mr. Bai of the Fallen Immortal Realm be the Heavenly Doctor from many years later in the real world?

There were just too many similarities between the two.

Both were experts in medicine, both had unfathomable strength, and both had methods that were hard to distinguish as either righteous or evil.

During the Retrieve the Longevity Fruit From NingYuan” incident, Li Fan had never managed to see Mr. Bai's true face.

And now, in this Change in the Beast Taming Sect, due to some unknown influence, Li Fan, looking up from below, still couldn't see his appearance clearly.

Thus, Li Fan made this attempt.

He wanted to get close to Mr. Bai and find out the truth!

To be honest, with his current cultivation level, barely at the Foundation Establishment stage, it was sheer madness to think he could achieve this without external help.

However, Li Fan had some confidence.

This confidence came from Xu Ke.

Xu Ke was a person favored by destiny, and as his companion spirit beast, Li Fan was also blessed with fortune.

More importantly, Xu Ke was one of the "children" Mr. Bai had referred to!

With this connection, Li Fan believed that if Mr. Bai's current demeanor was not a façade, then he wouldn't be in any real danger.

Besides, this was within the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Even if he perished, it would only be his consciousness that would suffer damage.

It was worth the risk.

As the Beast Taming Sect crumbled, the black light that Li Fan had transformed into was strikingly conspicuous.

Like a reverse-flying meteor, it was unstoppable and filled with determination.

"Who is that?"

"how dare it?"

These questions surged through the minds of all the Beast Taming Sect members.

Even the powerful exotic beasts, whose strength rivaled Soul Transformation cultivators, were defeated by the invaders. Where did this black bird, seemingly only at the Foundation Establishment level, find the courage?

Amidst the shock and confusion, Li Fan ascended rapidly, closing in on the figure in the sky.

"Hmm?"

Mr. Bai glanced over.

In an instant, Li Fan felt the space around him, and even his thoughts, freeze.

He was plunged into absolute stillness.

He didn't know how much time had passed, or if it was just a moment later.

The confinement around him suddenly vanished, and Li Fan regained the ability to move.

"So this is the power of a top-notch expert..."

Li Fan was horrified.

He finally understood why those who had slain Crimson Flame and successfully achieved Dao integration in the past looked foolish and as if they were waiting to die when facing Ink Death.

It wasn't that they didn't want to resist or flee.

They simply couldn't!

The only reason Li Fan was able to break free from Mr. Bai's grip was not due to his own power.

It was because of a faint shout from below—Xu Ke's voice.

"Little Black!"

Li Fan believed that everything within the Beast Taming Sect couldn't escape Mr. Bai's notice.

With Xu Ke's shout, Mr. Bai naturally noticed the connection between the bird Li Fan had possessed and Xu Ke.

So, Mr. Bai didn't harm Li Fan and even allowed the daring bird to approach him.

At such close range, Li Fan finally saw Mr. Bai's appearance clearly.

Even with the experience of a hundred lifetimes, Li Fan couldn't help but be stunned.

He finally understood why, back in Ningyuan City, people had said that Mr. Bai was extraordinarily good-looking.

He exuded a slightly frail aura, but his face seemed flawless, breathtakingly beautiful.

It was as if all the love of the heavens and earth had been bestowed upon him. Li Fan's mind was filled with thoughts like, "How could someone be this good-looking?" and "It's a pity he's not a woman."

Mr. Bai looked at the bird, standing dumbfounded in the air, and smiled slightly.

At that moment, Li Fan felt as if the sky, which had been shrouded in dark clouds, suddenly cleared up.

Mr. Bai glanced at Li Fan and shook his head slightly, "You silly child, why are you practicing recklessly?"

With a gentle wave of his finger, Li Fan felt a torrent of information flood into his mind.

This is...

Li Fan was stunned.

Then, his heart began to race uncontrollably.

It was all the secrets of life and the various paths to evolution and transcendence...

It was the perfected version of his cultivation technique, the Creation Furnace Technique!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 452


"Cloud and Water Illusion Dream Art," "Mystic True Spirit Transformation," "Stealing the Sky and changing the Sun Technique"...

Li Fan had once practiced these techniques, which could be considered peerless and extraordinary.

But compared to the "Creation Furnace Technique" he just obtained in his mind, all of them paled in comparison and were hardly worth mentioning.

Li Fan was deeply immersed in the beautiful words, as if he could glimpse the true mysteries of the universe through this technique.

He even had a premonition that in this era where there are no restrictions on cultivation, this single technique could allow even someone without any cultivation potential to refine, evolve, and transcend themselves step by step, eventually becoming extraordinary and ascending to immortality!

What is called the supreme profound skill? What is the ultimate orthodox method?

This is it!

It truly deserves the term "Creation."

Li Fan eagerly read and comprehended the "Creation Furnace Technique," unable to suppress his joy.

"To hear the Dao in the morning, and die in the evening without regret!"His mind was completely immersed, not even realizing when he returned to Xu Ke's side.

He didn't know how long it had been when he finally came to his senses, and Mr. Bai had already disappeared without a trace.

The Beast Taming Sect had become chaotic, just like in his previous life. The disciples of the Beast Taming Sect, who witnessed their elders being slaughtered wantonly, were filled with despair.

At this moment, Xu Ke was cautiously leading Li Fan, trying to avoid the crazed actions of his senior brothers, attempting to follow the guidance of the jade talisman given by Lu Ya to find Mr. Bai.

Peering into Xu Ke's thoughts, Li Fan was surprised to find that Xu Ke's memory completely lacked the scene of him transforming into a mystical bird, flying to Mr. Bai's side, and receiving his guidance.

After a moment of thought, Li Fan immediately understood.

"A person without guilt may incur guilt by possessing a treasure."

The "Creation Furnace Technique" passed down by Mr. Bai could be considered the ultimate miraculous method. If it were to fall into the hands of a mere Foundation Establishment-level demon beast, it would undoubtedly arouse the covetousness of others.

No matter how mystical the technique, it would be useless if he couldn't practice it. Mr. Bai must have considered this, so he erased the memories of everyone present. In this way, Li Fan wouldn't face danger because of this technique and would have enough time to practice it slowly.

"Mr. Bai was very thoughtful!" Li Fan couldn't help but sigh.

After seeing Mr. Bai in person, Li Fan was now certain that he was definitely not [Heavenly Doctor].

Not only did they not resemble each other in appearance, but their temperaments were also vastly different.

Mr. Bai's beauty was unforgettable after just one glance. Most importantly, the kindness and warmth he unconsciously exuded were impossible to fake. It was completely different from the eerie and unpredictable nature of the [Heavenly Doctor].

Li Fan couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.

"To deal with the myriad demon beasts as easily as slaughtering chickens and dogs; with just one glance, he could see through my cultivation method and instantly provide the ultimate solution; effortlessly altering the consciousness of all the living beings present—such power could be said to rival creation itself."

"Mr. Bai's strength..."Combined with his actions, Li Fan couldn't help but think of the words [Longevity Heavenly Sovereign].

"In the understanding of the children in Ningyuan City, Mr. Bai is just a mortal. Mr. Bai himself also admitted this."

"In a short time, a mortal into a God, then from a god to immortal."

"Looking at it this way, the claims of the orphans in Ningyuan City that Mr. Bai is the kindest person in the world, the best healer, the most beautiful person, the gentlest speaker, the smartest person, and so on, may not be exaggerated at all."

Li Fan's heart couldn't help but waver.

But a question soon followed.

Where is Mr. Bai now, thousands of years later?

Is he one of the other two of the Five Elders Association besides [Unified Mind-heart], [Worry-Free], and [True Reality]?

Li Fan thought it was unlikely. The way the Five Elders Association conducts itself is completely at odds with Mr. Bai.

Is he in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance?

The Eastern Extremity Heavenly Sovereign, who is said to have created the [Pure Body Spirit Pool Formation] and helped mortals expel miasma from their bodies, does bear some resemblance to Mr. Bai. However, this Eastern Extremity Heavenly Sovereign has only appeared in rumors. Even Li Fan only came across a mention of him while reading ancient texts.

Most Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance cultivators probably aren't even aware of his existence.

If Mr. Bai were still alive, he certainly wouldn't be so unknown.

Or, like the Dao Transmission Heavenly Sovereign in the previous life, did Mr. Bai successfully break free from the constraints of the Xuanhuang World and leave this realm?

Or...

Has Mr. Bai already perished?

Just thinking about it, Li Fan shook his head and dismissed this idea.

He found it hard to believe that someone as astonishingly talented as Mr. Bai would fall so easily.

Li Fan stayed hidden in Xu Ke's hair, his thoughts churning, while naturally operating the "Creation Furnace Technique."

Unlike the method Li Fan had previously devised himself, which involved brute force bombardment of his internal reserves and then seizing the overflow of reserve power for cultivation, the "Creation Furnace Technique" refined by Mr. Bai used the Heavenly and Human Induction technique to resonate with the universe's great furnace and the human body's internal furnace.

Under the unity of Heaven and Man, one could freely manipulate the reserve power for transformation and cultivation.

It also promoted the evolution of the body's internal furnace towards the universe's great furnace, truly a wondrous and profound method.

With each moment of cultivation, Li Fan felt the mystical bird he was possessing undergoing transformation.

What jolted him from this indescribably marvelous cultivation process, of course, was none other than that loathsome Beast Taming Sect disciple, Song Yang.

He still harbored evil intentions towards Li Fan, the [Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird].

After failing in his previous attempt, this time he returned with even greater force, having spent a fortune to borrow a Golden core stage Ink Immortal Tiger for assistance, swearing to capture Li Fan.

The Ink Immortal Tiger roared and strutted arrogantly, while Li Fan, who had been disturbed, was extremely displeased.

The furnace in his body roared, and the reserve power surged out.

Li Fan flew into the sky, his body expanding, and in an instant, he transformed from a small bird the size of a palm into a fierce beast with a wingspan of three zhang, two or three times larger than the Ink Immortal Tiger.

Like catching a chick, Li Fan grabbed the Ink Immortal Tiger with one claw.

Before it could struggle, a dark profound light emitted from Li Fan's mouth, giving birth to a suction force, and Li Fan swallowed the Ink Immortal Tiger in one gulp.

Xu Ke was instantly dumbfounded.

As for Song Yang, he was terrified out of his wits, fleeing in panic.

There was still a faint stench lingering in the air.

Li Fan snorted coldly, disdainful of pursuing.

He withdrew his reserve power, returning to his original size, and landed back on Xu Ke's head.

The forced transformation seemed to have drained some of his strength, but his body, like a furnace, refined the Ink Immortal Tiger he had swallowed into pure energy.

Warm currents coursed through his entire body, and Li Fan suddenly felt a wave of fatigue.

He then uncontrollably fell into a deep sleep.

Leaving Xu Ke with a face full of disbelief, he stretched out his hands, touched Li Fan, and stood there like a wooden statue.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 453


In the Tianxuan Mirror.

Li Fan sat in a daze, his expression vacant.

Even though he had long known that the items and knowledge obtained in the Fallen Immortal Realm could only be brought back if one resolved their desires, it was still hard to accept.

This time, when he returned to the real world and couldn’t recall a single word of the "Creation Furnace Technique" taught by Mr. Bai, Li Fan found it difficult to maintain his composure.

Having experienced the wonders of such supreme Daoist methods firsthand, Li Fan found his own crude techniques even more unacceptable.

The gap was too vast, like the difference between the stars in the sky and the plants on the ground.

The stark contrast left Li Fan feeling a bit unbalanced.

Especially since the treasure he once possessed vanished like smoke in an instant, never to be seen again.

Even someone as mentally resilient as Li Fan couldn't help but feel a sense of loss.

"Mr. Bai, the Creation Furnace Technique...""If I can try endlessly, surely one day I can bring this true skill back."

After a long while, Li Fan took a deep breath and slowly suppressed the negative emotions in his heart.

Based on his experience in "Retrieve the Ningyuan’s Longevity Fruit," to bring an item out, one must fulfill the lingering wish of the item's owner.

What could Mr. Bai's lingering wish be?

For now, Mr. Bai was still too mysterious for Li Fan. He could only keep trying slowly in the future.

After a brief moment of sensing, Li Fan realized that the next time he could enter the Fallen Immortal Realm would be in half a year.

Unfortunately, this time limit was a bit longer than usual, so Li Fan sighed and kept it in mind.

At this time, Li Fan checked his communication talisman and discovered a message from Chen Ying.

Chen Ying mentioned that he had already headed to the destination and was fully prepared.

If he managed to survive this ordeal, he promised to repay Li Fan generously.

Li Fan chuckled and thought that if this were true, he could use it as a typical case to widely promote.

"But the major battle in Tianling Prefecture is not set to occur until 16 years later. The focus before that should be on the Lingwu Grass incident."

"If it weren't for the clear declaration from the Tianxuan Mirror, the Five Elders Association wouldn't make a big fuss over an unknown cave."

"And without Jiao Xiuyuan's instigation, the Lingwu Grass incident wouldn't have spread as far as it did in the previous life."

After careful consideration, Li Fan decided to visit Jiao Xiuyuan first.

Without concealing his identity, Li Fan, in the appearance of a disciple of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, arrived outside Qianli Hall.

Inside, it was as quiet as ever.

Jiao Xiuyuan was lazily lying on a long bench, eyes half-closed, seemingly dozing off.

Hearing footsteps, he suddenly stood up and changed his expression.

"Oh, a guest is here!"

Jiao Xiuyuan looked at Li Fan, first stunned, then greeted him warmly without showing any emotion.

Li Fan didn't mention what he was there to buy, but instead, he narrowed his eyes and stared at Jiao Xiuyuan.

The two stared at each other in silence for a while.

After a moment, Li Fan was the first to cup his hands in greeting: "Your puppet technique, transforming into thousands forms, is indeed extraordinary!"

"Even in ancient times, it would have been considered a rare divine ability!"

Surprised to have his secret technique revealed by someone he just met, Jiao Xiuyuan was taken aback.

But he covered it up well and immediately responded, "Peering into the mysteries of heaven and probing karma. The ancient Hevanely Mechanism Sect truly lives up to its name!"

"Impressive! Truly impressive!"

"I've long heard of you! I've long heard of you!"

The two exchanged a glance and laughed heartily.

After some mutual complimentsitumd and formal introductions, Jiao Xiuyuan tentatively asked, "You didn't just come here to tease me, did you?"

"Why would I be so idle?" Li Fan waved his hand. "I’m here for the sake of 'wealth.'"

Jiao Xiuyuan's interest was piqued: "Oh? What are you looking for? Formation talismans, magical artifacts, pills—we have it all, and in large quantities..." he said casually.

"Do I look like I'm lacking in those?" Li Fan asked with a smile.

"Then what do you want?" Jiao Xiuyuan's face became serious.

"I didn’t come to buy but to sell!" Li Fan shook his head and said seriously. "As for whether the deal can be made, it depends on whether you recognize its value."

"Sell? Not everything can be accepted here..." Jiao Xiuyuan began, but stopped when he saw what was in Li Fan's hand.

An eyeball, looking as if it were alive, glared at him fiercely.

It exuded killing intent, making him instinctively want to defend himself.

Fortunately, he noticed that the eyeball had no offensive power and managed to hold back.

"What is this?" Jiao Xiuyuan squinted his eyes and couldn't help but ask.

Li Fan, with a hint of nostalgia in his voice, said, "This is a relic of my late senior brother. He has passed, and this item is now useless to me. It only brings sadness when I see it. So, I want to pass it on to someone else who is fated. Unfortunately, the Tianxuan Mirror didn't recognize its value and offered a low price. It's an insult to my senior brother."

"So I deduced the heavenly secrets and searched for someone qualified to take it. That's how I ended up here with you," Li Fan explained slowly.

Li Fan wasn't lying.

In the Tianji Sect ruins in Baishi Cave Heaven, besides techniques and scriptures, Li Fan had two other gains.

One of them was the eyeball in his hand.

The Tianxuan Mirror identified it as the "Illusion-Breaking Stone Eye," a kind of unique existence that gathers the rules of heaven and earth.

It is said that if a cultivator absorbs and refines it, they will gain the ability to see through illusions and foresee the future.

In theory, such a treasure should be incredibly valuable.

But unfortunately, this "Illusion-Breaking Stone Eye" had already been refined once by a cultivator.

The pure laws of heaven and earth had been tainted by the cultivator's aura and karma.

Moreover, thousands of years had passed, the world had undergone great changes, and the laws of heaven had significantly altered from ancient times.

Due to these two factors, the Illusion-Breaking Stone Eye's divination ability was greatly diminished.

If it worked once out of ten times, one could count themselves lucky.

Therefore, the Tianxuan Mirror offered a recovery price of only 60,000 contribution points.

Although this item was of little use to Li Fan, who could already foresee the future, he wasn't lacking those 60,000 points, so he kept it with him.

Now, it was the perfect time to use it to establish a connection with Jiao Xiuyuan.

"So, Friend Jiao, do you recognize this item?" Li Fan deliberately asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan was stunned for a moment, then sneered, "How could I not know? It's just the Eye of Truth."

He pondered for a moment and said, "To be honest, the low price given by the Tianxuan Mirror has its reasons."

"Although this item is rare, if you want to sell it at a good price, you’ll need to find the right buyer."

Li Fan responded, "I understand that, of course. That's why I came to you."

Li Fan casually tossed the Illusion-Breaking Stone Eye to Jiao Xiuyuan and said, "I trust you can find it a suitable new owner."

"Please do me this favor. Half of the proceeds will go to you. How about it?"

Jiao Xiuyuan's eyes lit up: "I’ll take this deal!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 454


Seeing that Jiao Xiuyuan agreed so readily, Li Fan nodded, “Then, I’ll leave this matter to you, Daoist Jiao. I look forward to your good news!”

After saying that, he threw a communication talisman to Jiao Xiuyuan and left without mentioning anything about leaving a receipt.

"This person really trusts me," Jiao Xiuyuan muttered to himself as he tossed the Illusion-breaking Stone Eye in his hand.

In the next moment, the Stone Eye vanished into thin air, its destination unknown.

The puppet on ten thousand immortal Island returned to its previous lazy state.

Jiao Xiuyuan never imagined that it wasn't trust Li Fan had in him, but rather that the Illusion-Breaking Stone Eye was merely a pretext for Li Fan to establish a connection with him. Even if Jiao Xiuyuan couldn’t sell it or decided to keep it for himself, it wouldn't matter to Li Fan. What Li Fan truly cared about was the "big business" that was coming next.

Back in the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan recalled the other object he had discovered in the Heavenly Mechanism Sect ruins.

It was an entire layer of a pagoda that he had cut out and brought back.

His intuition at the time had been correct.

According to the Tianxuan Mirror’s assessment, the entire layer of the stone pagoda was actually a magical artifact called the [Heaven and Earth Divination Dice].When mortals roll dice, they get numbers like five or six.

But when cultivators roll the dice, they get the number of the celestial mystery.

The ancient cultivators of the Heveanly Mechanism Sect used these Heaven and Earth Divination Dice, relying on sufficient information and using qi sensing as a driving force, to deduce countless possibilities of the future.

The reason why Li Fan saw only an empty void was that the Heaven and Earth Divination Dice were frozen in the scene where the deduction was completed.

“A void.”

“I wonder what the Heavenly Mechanism Sect cultivators were deducing back then to arrive at such a result.”

Li Fan stretched out his hand, and a crystal-clear icosahedral dice appeared in his palm.

If you looked closely, it seemed that each side flickered with a different image.

Although Li Fan had tried several times before to use these Heaven and Earth Divination Dice to deduce the future, to see if it aligned with his previous experiences, he only obtained fragmented and meaningless images, probably due to improper usage. These images were of no practical use.

Even so, Li Fan didn’t sell it. He had a gut feeling that keeping it might be of great use in the future.

After playing with it for a while, Li Fan put away the Dice and shifted his focus to his clone, "Zhou Qingang."

These days, he had been staying on Taian Island, only occasionally using a communication talisman to contact necessary people.

He wasn't just idly daydreaming but was researching how to overcome the side effects of the [Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique].

This secret technique was likely inspired by the ancient mythical beast, the Guiyuan Toad. Although it truly had the ability to devour the world, the mind was easily lost, and the end result was either death from overconsumption or being discovered and beaten to death.

However, Li Fan possessed the power to maintain absolute rationality, the Blue Flame from the visualization of the Illusory Spirit.

He didn’t seek to stay calm during the entire devouring process, only to stop at critical moments.

With the dual boost from the Enlightenment Pill and the Spiritual Awakening State, Li Fan finally managed to achieve this after much effort.

However, to increase his cultivation using the Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique, he still needed to solve the problem of the earth's veins solidifying and becoming unabsorbable.

Li Fan had already planned for this.

Concealing his presence, he teleported to the western part of Lingmu Island in the Congyun Sea and continued flying westward.

After about five hundred miles, Li Fan quietly dove into the sea.

He searched the seabed for a while and indeed found the remnants of a sunken island.

In his previous life, not long from now, this island would re-emerge from the sea due to a mysterious change in the earth’s veins.

The reactivation of the island’s protective formation would also attract the attention of the formation masters in the Congyun Sea’s Formation Hall.

However, before all that happened, this place looked no different from the other ruins scattered across the seabed.

Li Fan entered the ruins and patiently waited.

Seven days later, the seabed began to tremble slightly.

“It’s here!”

Li Fan thought to himself, and with a swift kick, he sunk into the ground.

At the same time, he activated the Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique and began to sense his surroundings.

From an unknown, far-off place, a continuous surge of power slowly activated the dried-up earth vein node here.

If left unchecked, this reactivated node would push the sunken island back to the surface.

But with Li Fan here, that wouldn’t happen.

Under his feet, it was as if a giant vortex had formed.

The surging power of the earth's veins, before taking shape, was entirely absorbed into Li Fan’s body, transforming into pure spiritual energy.

Simultaneously, the technique practiced by his clone started to operate rapidly.

It wasn't the technique originally practiced by the spy Zhou Qingang.

Instead, it was the [Heavenly Fate Xuanji Technique]

, a Nascent Soul technique from the Hevenly Mechanism Sect.

This ancient technique was known for being extremely slow to cultivate. But now, with the unrestricted acceleration provided by the Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique, it was progressing at a frightening speed.

The power of the earth's veins flowed endlessly, and Li Fan's clone absorbed it without restraint.

What should have been a phenomenon that shook the entire surrounding sea was quietly neutralized.

In just an instant, the clone's cultivation reached the peak of the early Golden Core stage.

Due to the existence of Heavenly Calamity, no matter how fast the Heavenly Fate Xuanji Technique operated, his cultivation could not advance any further.

Li Fan frowned slightly but did not stop devouring.

Even though the power of the earth’s veins he was devouring was being wasted, he didn’t mind at all.

The spiritual energy transformed by the Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique continued to accumulate in the clone’s body, completely filling every part of it.

As the clone’s body was about to burst, Li Fan patted his chest, and his hand emitted a powerful suction force.

He began to absorb and transform the excess spiritual energy within his body.

In the ancient times before the "Heavenly Calamity", such a situation wouldn’t have occurred, as the speed of obtaining spiritual energy would never outpace the growth of cultivation.

But the existence of cultivation bottlenecks trapped Li Fan in this strange predicament.

The energy from devouring was all used to accelerate the cultivation technique.

Yet, no progress could be made.

The technique operated at a terrifying speed, like a turbulent tide crashing against an indestructible dam again and again.

Li Fan carefully observed and recorded everything happening within his body.

Compared to the immense power of the earth's veins, the strength of a small Golden Core cultivator was insignificant.

But this force, which should have at least advanced a Golden Core cultivator to the Nascent Soul stage, was being continually consumed in the process of overcoming the Heavenly Calamity.

However, it turned out that Li Fan’s efforts were not in vain.

After countless impacts, the bottleneck finally showed a sign slight loosening.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 455


Li Fan’s eyes flashed with a glimmer as he increased the intensity of his devouring.

The earth vein energy, which had traveled millions of miles to reach him, completely flowed into Li Fan's body.

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

Li Fan seemed to faintly hear the sound of collisions and roaring explosions coming from within his body.

In the midst of this internal struggle, it felt as if something was slowly shattering.

A crisp cracking sound seemed to echo in his ears.

Moments later, Li Fan's cultivation surged forward, with his aura constantly rising. In the blink of an eye, he advanced from just recently breaking through the mid-stage of the Golden Core to rapidly moving toward the late stage.

At this moment...

Li Fan suddenly sensed that the dim light at the bottom of the sea had completely disappeared.It wasn't just darkness in his vision, but a suffocating feeling of space being sealed.

Without pausing his devouring technique, Li Fan simultaneously looked up.

He saw a gigantic palm above his head, its origin unknown.

It obscured everything and pressed down on him.

Before this immense palm, Li Fan was as insignificant as an ant.

"Damn!"

Seeing this powerful being appear out of nowhere, Li Fan cursed inwardly.

However, his clone was currently operating the "Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique," making him fearless, as if he had the courage of a bear or leopard. Faced with this terrifying giant palm, he was not afraid at all.

On the contrary, he opened his mouth, wanting to devour the giant palm as well!

And the result...

Naturally, it was predictable.

In the next moment, Li Fan lost contact with his clone.

The only fortunate thing was that this mysterious being did not seem intent on pursuing the matter further.

They didn't follow the trail to find Li Fan's true body.

Otherwise, he would have been forced to reveal himself again.

Li Fan carefully recalled the timing of the giant hand’s appearance.

"It seems that it was triggered because I forcefully broke through the Heavenly Calamity?"

"Is it a countermeasure from the heavens, or..."

Frowning slightly, a blue light emitted from the Dao Deviation Stone crystal in Li Fan's mind.

Just before his clone was crushed, using the "Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique," he managed to absorb a trace of energy from that giant hand.

If the opponent had been a cultivator, Li Fan would not have been able to do this at all.

As he repeatedly savored the taste of that energy, Li Fan began to ponder.

"It feels more like a pure force of rules."

"It seems somewhat similar to Senior Brother Zhang's Grand Aspiration Dharma Body."

"Normally, he doesn't show up in public, but he will take action under certain circumstances..."

"I had originally planned to use the 'Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Method' to elevate the clone's cultivation to the peak of the Golden Core stage first, to accumulate experience for breaking through to the Nascent Soul. Who would have thought that such a calamity could occur?"

"Fortunately, it was just a clone."

Li Fan sighed, having grown accustomed to the constant dangers of the Xuanhuang Realm.

Quietly leaving Ten Thousand Immortal Island, he found a secluded spot and spent some time recreating the "Zhou Qingang" clone.

The clone nodded slightly, bid farewell to the true body, and headed toward the site of the incident.

He wanted to see what had become of the sea area after being struck by that heavenly palm.

Soon, Li Fan returned to the scene.

To his great surprise, the sea was calm, the sky clear.

There was no sign of any calamity.

It seemed as though everything that had happened earlier was just an illusion.

Li Fan pondered for a moment before diving into the sea.

When he saw the scene at the bottom, his pupils constricted.

The ruins of the sunken island were gone.

In their place was an ordinary seabed of mud and sand.

It wasn’t just destroyed; it was as if every trace of its existence had been completely erased!

After a long, deep look, Zhou Qingang quietly returned to Taian Island and laid low.

In the Tianxuan Mirror.

Through the eyes of his clone, Li Fan observed the aftermath of the giant palm strike and fell into contemplation.

"Because I forcefully broke through the Heavenly Calamity, did I trigger some kind of taboo, resulting in an attempt to erase me?"

"And it all happened so silently."

"If one could survive such a strike, what would happen?"

"Would there be no more bottlenecks? Of course, it might also attract even more terrifying existence."

These reckless thoughts lasted only a moment before Li Fan dismissed them.

"However, in my previous life, after some time, the Heavenly Calamity would mysteriously disappear on its own. I wonder what the reason behind that is."

After being suppressed by the sudden appearance of the giant palm, Li Fan abandoned the idea of having his clone cultivate as well.

He decided it was better to use the clone as a mere tool, to sacrifice itself in critical moments.

Since his attempt to gain early insights into forming the Nascent Soul through his clone had failed, Li Fan had no choice but to take a step back and purchase related experiences from the Tianxuan Mirror.

Each person's insights varied greatly, yet all had their merits, with no clear distinctions of superiority.

With his abundant resources, Li Fan bought everything and studied them carefully.

Time passed slowly as Li Fan continued his cultivation and contemplation.

Soon, it was time for his second investment meeting with He Zhenghao.

Since the previous meeting had gone well, He Zhenghao had made some decent gains this time, raising a total of 550,000 contribution points.

After confirming with Li Fan, He Zhenghao immediately transferred the contribution points over.

He also added his own 100,000 contribution points.

"One year later, one million contribution points," Li Fan stated concisely.

He Zhenghao was overjoyed, and a stream of flattery spilled from his lips.

Li Fan couldn't be bothered to listen and directly cut off communication.

He then began reviewing the list of contributors this time.

What caught his attention was that a cultivator named Zhou Peng still held the largest share.

"Interesting. He has such confidence in me? Not afraid that I’ll take the money and run?"

"And how does a Foundation Establishment cultivator like him, just like He Zhenghao, have so many contribution points?"

Li Fan had heard of this person from He Zhenghao in his past life.

He was a friend who often gathered with He Zhenghao to discuss investment strategies.

It seemed he had a close relationship with a certain cultivator from Tianji Hall, making him well-informed, often leading others to small profits.

Thus, he held considerable influence within their small circle.

In past lives, when He Zhenghao planned to speculate on Lingwu(Spirit Mist) Grass, this person had played a significant role.

"Hmph, whatever the scheme, I'm not afraid. Let's just watch and see."

Li Fan looked at his balance of over six million contribution points and sneered.

With so many contribution points, he could keep up the charade for a while longer.

Besides, the Lingwu Grass incident was approaching.

These contribution points would multiply several times over.

"The only concern is that such a large transaction might attract the attention of those with ulterior motives."

"It's time to check on how Junior Brother Tianyang is recovering."

With this in mind, Li Fan quietly entered the Dao Formation.

Tianyang sat quietly within the formation, absorbing energy to restore himself.

He made no defensive moves against Li Fan's arrival.

Li Fan checked on the progress.

"Almost there."

"A Nascent Soul-level strength should be safe within the Congyun Sea."

"But outside the Congyun Sea, it might not be enough."

"Crimson Flames burning the sea..."

Li Fan glanced at Tianyang, a trace of hesitation flashing in his eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 456


Based on Li Fan's experiences from his previous lives, in the Crimson Flame Sea Incineration incident, any cultivator who attempted to merge with the Crimson Flame ultimately met with death.

Ink death, who had inherited the Heaven's Mandate to destroy the world, was simply too terrifying.

A newly merged cultivator stood no chance against Him.

"Junior Brother Tianyang's actual combat power is likely even lower than Zhang Zhiliang's in the previous life, so I won't let him go to his death."

"A puppet body is different from a mortal one. To improve combat strength, breaking through cultivation levels isn't the only way."

"Although costly, once the Cloud Sea is destroyed and I flee with the money, it'll definitely be enough for me."

After some thought, Li Fan ultimately abandoned the plan to have Tianyang risk merging and instead focused on observing and protecting him.

Fifteen days later.

As the materials within the Return to Origin Formation were completely exhausted, Tianyang also completed his final transformation.

His puppet body was perfectly reinforced, and his cultivation level stabilized at the peak of the Soul Transformation stage."Junior Brother Tianyang relies almost entirely on brute strength in battle. He still needs to find ways to refine it."

With his cultivation complete and nothing to do, Tianyang stood silently and followed behind Li Fan.

Li Fan took out the prepared clothing from his storage ring and dressed Tianyang.

At the same time, he taught him the secret technique Sky-Shrouding Palm.

"Junior Brother, from now on, you'll study this secret technique. Once you master it, you can follow me in action," Li Fan instructed.

Tianyang nodded solemnly and began studying earnestly.

With only a trace of instinct left, the secret techniques of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect were still somewhat complex for Tianyang. Fortunately, with Li Fan's careful guidance and Tianyang's focused mind, he would eventually master it through gradual study.

[TL: Lingwu Island and Lingwu Grass will now be translated as Spirit Mist Island and Spirit Mist Grass]

As Tianyang diligently improved himself under Li Fan's guidance, Li Fan shifted his attention to Spirit Mist Island.

He made a brief visit to Spirit Mist Island and silently locked down the island's defenses with a formless killing intent.

Then, he returned to the Tianxuan Mirror and began quietly acquiring Spirit Mist Grass while patiently waiting.

Soon, the day arrived when the Dragon Whale Beast was supposed to attack Spirit Mist Island, as it had in the previous life.

However, for some unknown reason, the dragon whale had yet to appear by sunset.

A sense of unease gripped Li Fan.

As he feared, three more days passed, and Spirit Mist Island remained unscathed.

Li Fan finally realized that the variables brought by his arrival nearly a year earlier in this world were inevitable.

Instead of acting rashly, Li Fan first carefully investigated the whereabouts of the missing dragon whale beast.

A creature with strength comparable to a Foundation Establishment cultivator, one that had vaguely developed its own intelligence and could grow stronger by continuously devouring, shouldn't have just vanished without a trace.

After searching for half a day with no results, Li Fan resorted to posting an anonymous bounty task, which finally yielded the answer.

It turned out that the dragon whale beast had been killed not long ago by a Golden Core weapon refiner named "Yue Zaisen".

All the valuable materials from the beast's body had been taken by him.

Yue Zaisen even sent a message, offering to sell any parts Li Fan might need at a low price.

Feigning interest, Li Fan purchased several pieces of whale bone.

After the transaction, Li Fan engaged in some casual conversation with Yue Zaisen, trying to uncover the reason for this deviation from previous lifetimes.

Yue Zaisen, not suspecting anything, revealed that he had been temporarily inspired to search for materials in the Congyun sea at the request of his friend, Mu Rong, who wanted to forge a High quality defensive artifact.

As for why Mu Rong, who was perfectly fine, suddenly wanted a defensive artifact, Yue Zaisen hadn't asked.

"Mu Rong…" Li Fan ended the communication, his expression shifting.

This name was not unfamiliar to him.

He even had some interactions with Mu Rong.

This person was Chen Ying's assistant. In the previous life, before Chen Ying went to the Five Elements Cave Heaven, he had left Li Fan with Mu Rong's contact information.

he told Li Fan that if he had any problems, he could directly seek out Mu Rong.

"Could it be that after seeing Chen Ying purchase so many life-saving treasures, he too developed a sense of crisis? Is that why he did this?"

"Or perhaps Chen Ying said something to him…"

Li Fan felt a wave of helplessness.

In any case, with the dragon whale not attacking Spirit Mist Island, Li Fan realized that he would have to personally intervene to set history back on its intended course.

"The risk is not small, and I need to do it without leaving any traces." Li Fan didn't act hastily but instead began to carefully plan in his mind.

"Should I disguise myself as a beast to act? Or should I borrow the power of the Five Elders Association?"

"The chances of exposure are high in both scenarios."

"Perhaps I don't necessarily have to insist on the Spirit Mist Grass. As long as I meet the conditions of stable demand and plants that only grow in certain special regions, it should suffice."

"Let's see if there's anything similar."

Li Fan had a sudden thought and began searching through the Tianxuan Mirror.

There were indeed many targets that met the criteria, but after adding further restrictions, specifically looking for those with unusual recent price fluctuations, only a few remained.

Li Fan carefully examined each one, finally setting his sights on a spiritual plant known as Samantabhadra True Leaf.

This herb had a relatively long growth cycle and wasn't commonly used.

Its primary use was in the creation of a talisman known as Wise Discernment.

In the era before the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation was invented, the Five Elders Association's spies were pervasive.

Most of them, like Zhou Qing'ang, mastered secret art of shape-shifting techniques that could even deceive the White Jade Inquiry Platform.

When the Wise Discernment Talisman was first invented hundreds of years ago, it played a significant role in rooting out many Five Elders Association spies.

Because of this, it became an unwritten rule that entry into certain classified areas of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance required verification by the Wise Discernment Talisman.

Although the Five Elders Association later learned from their mistakes and improved the concealment techniques of their spies, rendering the Wise Discernment Talisman largely ineffective, its use had become a habit.

The Five Elders Association, naturally, couldn't openly announce that the Wise Discernment Talisman was no longer effective.

And no one in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had made a decision to stop using the Wise Discernment Talisman.

Moreover, an interest chain had formed behind the production and manufacturing of the Wise Discernment Talisman.

Due to these various factors, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance continued to require a significant amount of Samantabhadra True Leaf each year.

But for some unknown reason, the once stable price of Samantabhadra True Leaf had recently begun to decline abnormally.

Li Fan frowned slightly.

He recalled that in his previous life, as the price of Spirit Mist Grass skyrocketed, it also drove up the prices of other spiritual plants and herbs in the market.

Samantabhadra True Leaf, however, was an exception.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 457


The price of the Samantabhadra True Leaf has always been quite stable.

There was even a rare occurrence where its price fell despite market trends.

Even when the Spirit Mist Grass caused a market crash in most spiritual herbs after the announcement by the Tianxuan Mirror, its price remained steady, showing no significant fluctuations.

“Samantabhadra True Leaf…”

As Li Fan searched through his memories, the Dao Deviation Stone in his mind emitted a faint blue glow.

Moments later, Li Fan showed a trace of interest.

According to his recollection, after the Spirit Mist Grass incident, as abundant byproducts from the Five Elements Cave Heaven began to flood the market, the prices of most spiritual herbs and plants drastically dropped.

However, the Samantabhadra True Leaf was an exception.

In the following decades, the price of Samantabhadra True Leaf steadily increased.

It was just too obscure to attract much attention from cultivators.So, when Li Fan made a fortune from the speculation surrounding the Spirit Mist Grass and then devoted most of his energy to constructing the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation, he naturally overlooked it.

Now, seeing that the Spirit Mist Grass incident was unlikely to occur, Li Fan needed a substitute, and the unusual nature of the Samantabhadra True Leaf caught his attention.

“In my previous life, I remember that after the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation became widespread, the Wise Discernment Talisman was gradually phased out. However, its price remained high, indicating that it must have had some unknown uses.”

“All these anomalies suggest that someone is manipulating the market behind the scenes.”

Li Fan carefully considered the feasibility of his plans to either attack Lingwu Island to artificially inflate the price of Spirit Mist Grass or use the Samantabhadra True Leaf as a substitute.

“Whichever method I choose, the end result will surely cause significant upheaval. The Tianji Hall will undoubtedly investigate.”

“Judging from how things were handled in my past life, manipulating the market by buying low and selling high within the allowed rules was acceptable.”

“But if someone intentionally disrupts the market or the economy, it could be deemed a threat to the stability of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.”

“Even with my Sky-Shrouding Palm Secret Art, I might not escape scrutiny.”

“…”

After careful consideration, Li Fan made a decision.

“However, I still need to see if the Samantabhadra True Leaf is viable.”

He immediately took action.

Li Fan sold off all his previously acquired Spirit Mist Grass at any cost and began purchasing Samantabhadra True Leaf instead.

In the Tianxuan Mirror, the price of Samantabhadra True Leaf was currently stable at around 280 contribution points per leaf.

Li Fan made a massive purchase worth a million contribution points, sweeping up all available stock.

Soon, the market's inventory visibly dwindled.

Simultaneously, its price began to rise gradually.

It recovered from the recent dip and returned to a normal level, around 300 contribution points.

Li Fan, remaining calm, continued to increase his buying pressure.

Another million contribution points were invested.

301, 302…

The price of Samantabhadra True Leaf was about to break through 305.

At this moment, its price suddenly plummeted, dropping from over 300 back to 292 contribution points in an instant.

“This indicates that someone has released a large quantity of Samantabhadra True Leaf into the market.”

“The Tianxuan Mirror detected an oversupply, leading to a rapid price drop.”

“Interesting.”

A gleam flashed in Li Fan's eyes as he paused his actions to carefully consider the situation.

“Holding a large amount of Samantabhadra True Leaf and intentionally manipulating the price down—why?”

“And in the last life, during the Spirit Mist Grass frenzy, they were able to maintain such tight control over the price of Samantabhadra True Leaf even amidst a general rise in spiritual herb prices.”

“It’s almost certain that they’ve established some kind of monopoly.”

“Confident of victory, are they…”

It wasn’t long before Li Fan connected this to a strategy he had used in his previous life, leading him to a possible conclusion.

Suddenly, Li Fan stood up, exited the Tianxuan Mirror, and headed straight for the Qianli Hall.

From outside, he could hear Jiao Xiuyuan’s disgruntled voice: “Didn’t you say you wanted this Flying Star Disk? I went through so much trouble to dig it out, and now you don’t want it?”

“Can people still do business with any integrity?”

Li Fan interrupted with a smile, “If Nobody wants it? I’ll take it!”

Jiao Xiuyuan, who didn’t know who he was talking to, immediately beamed upon hearing this.

He quickly said, “Deal! Fifteen hundred contribution points, fixed price! No going back on your word!”

He handed over a rusty copper disk.

Li Fan took a glance but didn’t find anything special about it.

However, trusting his past experience, he paid the price and stored it carefully in his storage ring.

“Fellow Daoist Jiao, forget about these small transactions. I’ve got a big deal for you this time!”

Li Fan said seriously.

Jiao Xiuyuan, recognizing Li Fan, thought he was here to inquire about the sale of the [Illusion-Breaking Stone Eye]. A trace of embarrassment appeared on his dark face.

“Ah! So it’s Daoist Li Fan! My apologies, but that Illusion-Breaking Stone Eye, maybe…”

Li Fan waved his hand to interrupt and pulled Qiao Xiuyuan closer, speaking in a low voice: “Forget about that for now. Fellow Daoist Jiao, I’m serious about what I just said.”

“If you miss this opportunity, your Dao Heart may shatter, and your puppets may suffer significant damage!”

Hearing Li Fan’s ominous warning, Jiao Xiuyuan’s expression instantly changed.

He put away his playful demeanor and looked at Li Fan with a serious expression before closing the doors of Qianli Hall.

“Daoist Li Fan, what do you mean by this?” he asked.

“The Samantabhadra True Leaf. Daoist Jiao, do you know about it? Recently, its price has been behaving unusually. Take a look for yourself,” Li Fan replied.

Jiao Xiuyuan, upon hearing this, closed his eyes to think.

Moments later, his brows furrowed slightly.

At that moment, Li Fan explained the series of tests he had just conducted.

“What do you think?” Li Fan asked, with a hint of appraisal in his tone.

After a moment of contemplation, Jiao Xiuyuan said, “If I’m not mistaken, the other party might have borrowed a certain quantity of Samantabhadra True Leaf from somewhere.”

“And they probably have some extra stock on hand.”

“So they plan to temporarily lower the price by flooding the market, thus reducing their repayment amount and making a profit.”

Jiao Xiuyuan offered his analysis.

Li Fan clapped his hands, saying, “Great minds think alike. I thought the same.”

Jiao Xiuyuan frowned, somewhat dissatisfied: “Is this the big deal you mentioned? I don’t see how it’s a big opportunity.”

Li Fan revealed a mysterious smile.

“What if, and I’m just saying, what if…”

“When the time comes for them to repay the borrowed Samantabhadra True Leaf, the combined market supply isn’t enough for them to fulfill their obligation. What would happen then?”

Jiao Xiuyuan was momentarily puzzled by Li Fan’s words.

He was stunned for a moment.

After a while, a spark of realization flashed in his eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 458


Jiao Xiuyuan said excitedly, "You mean, when the time comes, even if someone offers them the Samantabhadra True Leaf at an absurd price, they'll have no choice but to buy it to fulfill their commitments?"

"And if we preemptively take up the majority of the market share of Samantabhadra True Leaf, forcing the other party's hand..."

"Couldn’t we easily make several times the profit?"

"Brilliant!" Jiao Xiuyuan exclaimed, slapping his thigh as he figured out the crux of the plan.

"Daoist Jiao, you truly are a business genius!" Li Fan nodded and praised him.

However, Jiao Xiuyuan didn't dwell on Li Fan's compliment. His expression changed as he furrowed his brows and pondered for a moment.

The excitement on his face gradually faded as he shook his head and said, "Your idea is indeed brilliant, but it seems a bit too idealistic."

"What if, when the other party borrowed the Samantabhadra True Leaf, the contract they signed included a clause allowing them to repay with equivalent contributions?"

"What if they choose to breach the contract, risking backlash, but refuse to buy back the Samantabhadra True Leaf?"

"There are too many uncontrollable factors, too much risk."Li Fan was a bit dismissive as he said, "Is there any business in the world without risk? Considering the potential profit, I think it's worth a try."

Jiao Xiuyuan's expression shifted slightly as he was about to respond, but then he heard Li Fan say, "Besides, I believe that even if the other party abandons the struggle with us and voluntarily withdraws, we would still profit from the large amount of Samantabhadra True Leaf Leaves we've acquired."

"What do you mean by that?" Jiao Xiuyuan raised an eyebrow, somewhat skeptical.

A faint smile appeared on Li Fan's lips as he extended his right index finger.

In an instant, a translucent icosahedral die appeared in mid-air, spinning rapidly and reflecting numerous fragmented images.

Jiao Xiuyuan froze for a moment before recognizing the treasure in Li Fan's hand and exclaimed, "The Heaven-Earth Divination Die?!"

Just as he was about to take a closer look at the images on the die, Li Fan quickly put it away.

"I've deduced this, and it should be nearly accurate." Li Fan said seriously.

Seeing Li Fan's confidence, Jiao Xiuyuan hesitated for a moment.

"Let me investigate further." With that, the puppet in front of Li Fan suddenly lost its guiding consciousness and became completely still.

Li Fan wasn't in a hurry. He stood quietly by the side, patiently waiting.

He waited for an entire day and night.

When vitality returned to Jiao Xiuyuan, he suddenly opened his eyes, his face beaming with joy. "There's hope!"

"Oh? What did you find out, Daoist Jiao?" Li Fan asked with interest.

Jiao Xiuyuan leaned in and lowered his voice, "According to reliable sources, the manipulation of Samantabhadra True Leaf prices is led by several Soul Transformation cultivators, headed by Tantai Can of Tianshu Prefecture."

"They all have connections to the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance."

"And the ‘Wise Discernment Talisman’ used in various regions is almost entirely monopolized by them."

"Tantai Can..." This surname was too unique, reminding Li Fan of the brilliant Formation path genius, Tantai Tao, who had met an untimely death in his previous life.

"Could it be the same clan?" Li Fan thought to himself, though his expression remained unchanged as he continued listening.

Jiao Xiuyuan continued eagerly, "The truth is slightly different from our speculation. Because they control the production line of the Wise Discernment Talisman, these people have accumulated a large amount of Samantabhadra True Leaf."

"The number of Wise Discernment Talismans collected annually by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is limited, and the profits are too slow. So, this group had the audacity to come up with a crooked plan."

"Some of them used part of the Samantabhadra True Leaf they controlled as collateral to borrow a large amount of contribution points from the 'Qingfeng Hall.'"

"Meanwhile, the others borrowed Samantabhadra True Leaf from Qingfeng Hall in return."

"In one go, the Samantabhadra True Leaf returned to their hands while they gained contribution points of equal value through arbitrage."

…

Hearing this, Li Fan frowned and interrupted Jiao Xiuyuan, "I remember, the interest rates at Qingfeng Hall aren't low, right? How much profit can they make from this? And once they have the contribution points, why go through the trouble of lending out the Samantabhadra True Leaf again?"

Jiao Xiuyuan chuckled and said, "This is precisely why I said there’s an opportunity for us."

"Because, technically, these Samantabhadra True Leaf belong to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance."

"The Wise Discernment Talisman involves the secrets of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, so naturally, they need to implement control measures."

"Tantai Can and his group only hold the position of producing the Wise Discernment Talisman because of their backgrounds."

"Periodically, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters sends people to conduct routine inspections."

"Although they have internal connections and can receive advance notice, they still have to maintain appearances, and at least on the surface, they can't afford to lose too much."

Jiao Xiuyuan snorted, his eyes flashing with disdain, "Even though the profits from this business are already ridiculously high, they are still not satisfied."

"They privately used it as collateral, exchanged it for a huge amount of contribution points, leveraged the situation, and stirred up trouble in the market."

"And these people have deep backgrounds and are well-informed, so they are always successful and reap significant profits. They don't even care about the interest from Qingfeng Hall."

"Not to mention, almost all of the Samantabhadra True Leaf in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance are in their hands. Manipulating the price is easy for them, and exploiting unsuspecting cultivators is a piece of cake."

Li Fan slowly nodded, understanding the methods of Tantai Can and his group.

In essence, they were embezzling the strategic resources of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance to exchange for contribution points.

Then, through insider information, they bought low and sold high to profit for themselves.

"Such a crime is not minor. Daoist Jiao, it’s impressive that you could uncover all this; your abilities must be near divine!" Li Fan regained his composure and clicked his tongue in admiration.

Jiao Xiuyuan waved his hand, "It's just that these people are too arrogant! Not only do they not keep it strictly confidential, but they also use it as bragging material in casual conversations. That's how I found out."

"Otherwise, how could I have known such a private matter!"

Li Fan chuckled and didn't dwell on this, instead discussing with Jiao Xiuyuan the feasibility of striking against Tantai Can's group.

"In this case, my previous concerns are no longer an issue."

"No matter what, they will have to recover the Samantabhadra True Leaf. Even if it means losing everything, they must do so."

"Otherwise, if the truth comes to light, not even the backers behind them will be able to protect them."

"At that point, it won't just be a matter of bankruptcy. Death and complete annihilation will be the least of their worries."

Jiao Xiuyuan's face turned cold as he spoke with unwavering determination.

"Excellent!" Li Fan applauded, his face showing approval.

"My only concern is that we are two against many, and we might not be able to match them."

"If we can't deliver a decisive blow and they catch wind of our plan, we might lose everything."

Jiao Xiuyuan suddenly said.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 459


"This is the time, Daoist friend, when your countless puppets will prove their worth."

Li Fan smiled mysteriously and whispered for a moment.

Upon hearing this, Jiao Xiuyuan's eyes lit up, and he nodded repeatedly.

At the same time, in the fortified cities of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and within the various sect ruins in the wilderness, countless identical faces began to tell stories to those around them.

The protagonist of the story is an ancient cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, who had been asleep for a thousand years and had just awakened.

This person possesses the secret techniques of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, holding a treasure called the Heaven-Earth Divination Dice. This artifact can communicate with yin and yang and understand the mysteries of creation.

It can even see through time and foresee the future.

If one were to receive guidance from this person, countless opportunities would be within reach.

Not to mention defying fate, becoming rich overnight would be a trivial matter.

He Zhenghao from Congyun Sea is a living example.If you don't believe it, just inquire, and you'll know!

In Jiao Xiuyuan's description, Li Fan was portrayed as possessing god-like skills, comparable to the ancient, all-powerful beings.

Such exaggerated words were naturally met with skepticism by most cultivators.

They shook their heads, dismissing it as just another attempt by some young immortal to create a name for themselves.

However, a small number of cultivators became intrigued by Li Fan.

They began to inquire about the details from Jiao Xiuyuan.

But at this point, Jiao Xiuyuan stopped talking.

Having their curiosity piqued, they couldn't easily let it go. Their curiosity became unbearable, leading many cultivators to inquire with their friends from Congyun Sea.

They were shocked to discover that perhaps this was not just baseless talk.

In Congyun Sea, there really was a group of cultivators who had made huge profits under Li Fan's guidance.

Unable to contact Li Fan, they turned to He Zhenghao and other cultivators who had participated in Li Fan's first recruitment.

At this point, He Zhenghao was a bit overwhelmed, as countless inquiries flooded in, leaving him at a loss for how to respond.

He could only reply instinctively.

The other cultivators who participated in the recruitment did the same.

Thus, the information was confirmed.

Some were greatly disappointed, as the first round of recruitment had only a mere 200,000 contribution points.

This seemed like an obvious scam, just a simple scheme to rob Peter to pay Paul, something they themselves could easily pull off.

But others, after researching the list of participating cultivators, were secretly delighted, thinking they had found a rare opportunity.

They discovered that one of the cultivators on the list was named Zhou Peng.

Although Zhou Peng's cultivation was not high, he had a close relationship with Elder Gongsun of the Tianji Hall in Congyun Sea.

Even cultivators outside of Congyun Sea had heard of Gongsun Qixuan's name.

If Li Fan were truly a scammer, would Zhou Peng have fallen for it so foolishly?

Considering that Zhou Peng had nearly bet his entire fortune on each recruitment, it seemed that this ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect cultivator was indeed extraordinary!

After another round of filtering, although the number of cultivators inquiring about Li Fan's contact information decreased, their enthusiasm grew stronger.

In the Qianli Hall, Li Fan sat calmly, listening to the feedback from Jiao Xiuyuan without showing any emotion.

After letting the rumors brew for more than ten days, as public discussion about Li Fan began to decline, Li Fan said in a deep voice, "Daoist Jiao, it seems we can proceed with the next step."

"Indeed, Daoist friend. Watch my methods," Jiao Xiuyuan replied with a chuckle, his aura once again becoming subdued.

At the same time, throughout the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, whether it was cultivators watching from the sidelines or those desperately seeking Li Fan's contact information, they all received new information from Jiao Xiuyuan.

Recently, too many cultivators have been seeking out Li Fan, causing him great distress.

Facing numerous accusations of being a "fraud," Li Fan decided to prove his abilities.

So, he entrusted Jiao Xiuyuan to relay a unified message.

The time was set for three days later.

As soon as this news broke, it caused a sensation.

Those who believed in Li Fan were quietly excited.

Those who had always thought Li Fan was a fraud were full of disdain, waiting for him to make a fool of himself.

Regardless of belief, the topic was on everyone's mind.

Including those who were merely curious bystanders.

For a time, the vast majority of mid- to low-level cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance were looking forward to Li Fan's performance in three days.

As for those at the Soul Transformation stage or above, they were not very concerned with these small matters.

Only a few who were extremely bored paid any attention.

Amidst the discussions of countless cultivators, the appointed time finally arrived.

The once-desolate area outside the Qianli Hall was now crowded with people.

They all waited eagerly, watching Jiao Xiuyuan, anticipating Li Fan's speech.

Numerous Jiao Xiuyuan puppets moved in unison, their expressions identical.

He scanned the crowd with a solemn look.

Clearing his throat, Jiao Xiuyuan spoke in a deep voice: "Daoist Li Fan has said that to prove he is not a fraud, and to defend the honor of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, he is willing to sacrifice his lifespan to activate a secret technique. He has successfully foreseen the future once again!"

Jiao Xiuyuan paused slightly, holding the crowd's attention.

After a moment, he loudly declared: "He saw that, not long from now, an item called Samantabhadra True Leaf will experience a massive price increase!"

"It will even cause a stir throughout the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the surroundings fell silent.

Before the crowd could react, Jiao Xiuyuan swiftly retreated into the Qianli Hall.

With a bang, the doors slammed shut.

No matter how much the crowd outside called out, there was no response.

"Samantabhadra True Leaf? What is that? A price surge? Is this for real..." Most of the onlookers were puzzled, unsure whether to believe it.

However, some quick thinkers had already rushed back to the Tianxuan Mirror to check its price.

They were astonished to find that at the moment Jiao Xiuyuan made his declaration, the price of the Samantabhadra True Leaf had suddenly surged from 265 points.

"Everyone, stay rational! The price surely rose because too many people bought it at once," one knowledgeable cultivator analyzed calmly, trying to persuade the others.

"But this guy named Li Fan is obviously a scammer who must have hoarded a large stockpile of it beforehand. He’s just waiting for everyone to drive the price up so he can sell!"

However, the price increase was happening right before their eyes.

If the price were to drop later, as long as they sold before it fell, they could still make a small profit, right?

More people, seeing the rising price of the Samantabhadra True Leaf, couldn't resist and bought a small amount.

Though individual purchases were not large, the number of cultivators was considerable.

As a result, the price increase of the Samantabhadra True Leaf accelerated.

In a short time, it had risen from 265 points to 300 points.

Li Fan and Jiao Xiuyuan were frantically buying up the stock

In a courtyard Somewhere in the Tianxu State:

"Daoist Tantai! Disaster! Look at the price of the Samantabhadra True Leaf! It's 310..."

"No, it's 320 now!"

And by the time Tantai Can realized it, the price had already reached 340 points.

"This is bad!"

"Forget the price! Quickly buy up all the Samantabhadra True Leaf available on the market!"

He shouted in frustration.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 460


To better manipulate prices and reap profits, Tantai Can and his associates released nearly half of the Samantabhadra True Leaf into the market, creating a false impression of supply. This was done to attract unsuspecting cultivators, who would then be harvested by them.

However, at this moment, the Samantabhadra True Leaf, which once brought them profit, had become their death warrant.

The moment the Samantabhadra True Leaf were snapped up by frantic cultivators, Tantai Can realized that if they didn't take immediate action, they would soon face a disastrous situation.

Thus, Tantai Can made a decisive order: to spare no expense in retrieving the Samantabhadra True Leaf.

Stimulated by this, the price of Samantabhadra True Leaf skyrocketed, reaching an incomprehensible level for the cultivators.

In an instant, the price surged from over 300 points to 400 points, and it seemed to have no limit in its rise.

This extremely abnormal situation left the observing cultivators speechless.

"Something is off!" This thought involuntarily surfaced in everyone's mind.

"Could it be that Samantabhadra True Leaf has some unknown use?"

Caught up in their imaginations, the cultivators who had already bought in were secretly celebrating, excitedly watching the price continue to soar.Those who previously believed that Li Fan's prediction was merely a scam, although still skeptical, were tempted to join the buying frenzy as they saw those who took action getting rich in an instant.

As Tantai Can and his group watched the madness unfold, many of them began to look grim.

If this continued, they might lose all the profits they had gained over the years!

"Tantai Daoist..."

Tantai Can waved his hand: "We have no choice but to take the loss this time! Keep buying!"

"As long as we survive this ordeal, we can always find a way to recover..."

A hint of ferocity flashed across his handsome face.

The others, hearing this, could only grit their teeth and continue competing with the increasingly frantic cultivators.

As time slowly passed, their contribution points were spent like flowing water, but the deficit they faced was enormous.

It was like trying to fill a bottomless pit.

Even though they were all wealthy, they gradually found themselves running out of resources.

But seeing that Tantai Can still hadn’t changed his mind, they wiped the cold sweat from their foreheads and nervously continued to repurchase the leaves.

The tension in the air was palpable.

At this moment, Tantai Can took out a flashing communication talisman. After checking it, his expression eased slightly.

After sending a message, he regained his calm and composed demeanor.

Seeing this, the others thought that there had been a turning point and also breathed a sigh of relief.

Meanwhile, in the Qianli hall...

In the previous mass purchase, Li Fan and Jiao Xiuyuan had already bought a large number of Samantabhadra True Leaf at a low price.

They were now smiling as they watched the price skyrocket.

However, out of caution, Li Fan decided to sell a portion of the Samantabhadra True Leaf to secure his gains.

Under Li Fan's persuasion, Jiao Xiuyuan also gradually sold some of his stock.

As they were discussing their next move, Jiao Xiuyuan suddenly froze.

A moment later, he smiled and said to Li Fan, "Tantai Can has sent a message asking for a favor. Would you like to hear it?"

"No harm in listening," Li Fan said casually.

"Ahem..."

Jiao Xiuyuan cleared his throat, mimicking Tantai Can's voice: "Brother Jiao, it's wise to leave room for future encounters. How about doing me a favor this time?"

Li Fan chuckled.

However, he didn’t respond rashly but instead asked Jiao Xiuyuan, "Brother Jiao, what do you think?"

Jiao Xiuyuan sneered, "It's just a junior from the Tantai family, does he really think he can talk about favors with me?"

"Maybe if his ancestor came, it would be more appropriate!"

Li Fan's heart stirred but didn’t press further. He clapped and praised, "Daoist Jiao, you are truly formidable!"

Then, he suddenly said, "However, there's no harm in agreeing to their request!"

This statement greatly surprised Jiao Xiuyuan.

Jiao Xiuyuan looked at Li Fan in disbelief, "You don't seem like someone who would suddenly grow a soft heart. Why are you showing mercy now?"

"Not at all!" Li Fan shook his head, "It’s just another opportunity to make a profit!"

Talking business piqued Jiao Xiuyuan’s interest. He quickly asked, "What do you mean?"

"In my earlier calculations, I saw not only the price surge of Samantabhadra True Leaf. I also foresaw that the impact of this turmoil would be so great that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would eventually be forced to intervene to stabilize the situation," Li Fan explained slowly.

"And it won’t be long before this happens."

"Oh? You mean that soon, the price of Samantabhadra True Leaf will fall back down?" Jiao Xiuyuan quickly understood.

"However, the exact timing is hard to predict; it could be at any moment. If we haven’t sold all our Samantabhadra True Leaf before the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance intervenes, the extra stock might end up worthless," Li Fan continued.

"Therefore, it would be wise to negotiate a favorable price with Tantai Can and sell all our stock to them."

"This way, we reduce our risk, make another substantial profit, and even gain a favor from Tantai Can."

Li Fan’s explanation was clear.

Jiao Xiuyuan's eyes lit up, and he laughed heartily, "Daoist Li Fan, you are truly a business genius!"

"Let’s do it your way!"

He immediately closed his eyes, clearly eager to reply to Tantai Can.

Li Fan, meanwhile, stared at the price of Samantabhadra True Leaf still climbing in the Tianxuan Mirror, calculating how to respond to the upcoming turmoil.

A short time later, Jiao Xiuyuan emerged from his trance.

"It’s done. Tantai Can has agreed to buy all our Samantabhadra True Leaf at 1,300 contribution points per leaf."

"Moreover, he promised to fulfill three of our requests within his capabilities."

"I believe that’s the limit of what he can bear, so I took the liberty of signing the contract," Jiao Xiuyuan explained.

"No problem, it’s a minor issue," Li Fan replied nonchalantly, handing over the Samantabhadra True Leaf to Jiao Xiuyuan to complete the deal.

Li Fan glanced at the price of Samantabhadra True Leaf in the Tianxuan Mirror.

930 points per leaf, and it was still rising, with no sign of stopping.

"On the surface, it seems Tantai Can and his group have profited. But..."

Li Fan smirked inwardly, waiting for the final result from the Tianxuan Mirror.

Shortly after Jiao Xiuyuan reported the completion of the transaction, a familiar, cold, and mechanical voice echoed in the minds of all cultivators in front of the Tianxuan Mirror.

It was exactly as Li Fan had heard in his past life.

"Due to the abnormal and significant price fluctuations of Samantabhadra True Leaf in recent days, to ensure the stable and harmonious development of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the following announcement is made."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 461


What happened next was entirely predictable.

Amid the chaos caused by cultivators desperately fleeing for their lives, the price of Samantabhadra True Leaf leaves plummeted rapidly.

After just surpassing the thousand-point mark, the price dropped like a waterfall.

This spectacular sight left Jiao Xiuyuan in awe.

"Your prediction skills are truly remarkable, fellow Daoist!"

"If it weren't for your warning, I might have ended up just like them."

"I can already imagine the countless cultivators whose Dao hearts have been shattered!"

Jiao Xiuyuan said with a tone of schadenfreude.

Meanwhile, in Tianshu Prefecture.

Tantai Can, who had just completed a transaction and was secretly congratulating himself on his good luck, suddenly turned pale when he heard the announcement from the Tianxuan Mirror.He watched helplessly as the price of the Samantabhadra True Leaf he had just bought for the astronomical sum of 1,300 points crashed.

Many couldn't bear the shock, spitting blood and fainting on the spot.

"Fellow Daoist Tantai!"

The remaining conscious cultivators looked at Tantai Can with resentment, hoping the leader of the Tantai family could come up with a solution.

Tantai Can's face turned ashen.

From the very beginning, it felt as though an invisible hand had been manipulating the situation from behind the scenes, leaving him no time to react.

He even began to suspect that this whole event might be a conspiracy targeting the Tantai family.

Perhaps Jiao Xiuyuan and that Heavenly Mechanism Sect cultivator Li Fan were nothing more than distractions orchestrated by the enemy.

As various possible targets flashed through his mind, Tantai Can started to actively think of ways to salvage the situation.

The loss this time was too great.

Even though his position in the family had become increasingly stable over the years, he might still face punishment.

His brothers might even use this as an excuse to attack him.

"No, I must recover some of the losses."

Gritting his teeth, an idea formed in Tantai Can's mind.

"Spread the word about our recent discovery!"

He said in a deep voice.

"What?"

"No! Tantai, stay calm!"

"We haven't reported this to the Immortal Alliance yet..."

The others were shocked and quickly tried to dissuade him.

But Tantai Can's mind was made up, and since he was responsible for most of this secret discovery, they had no choice but to comply.

Using their own methods, they spread the news into the market.

Meanwhile, on Ten Thousand Immortal Island, where Li Fan and Jiao Xiuyuan were tallying their recent gains, they noticed that the decline in Samantabhadra True Leaf had begun to slow.

Although the price was still gradually decreasing, the collapse had started to stabilize.

"Hmm? What's going on? The price of Samantabhadra True Leaf is more resilient than I expected," Li Fan said, glancing at Jiao Xiuyuan.

Jiao Xiuyuan paused for a moment, then replied with a strange expression, "Word is spreading that crafting artifacts from large quantities of Samantabhadra True Leaf can reduce the lifespan absorbed by the "Devouring White Mist..."

"Moreover, it can also guide one through the maze of white mist."

Jiao Xiuyuan narrowed his eyes, clearly surprised by this revelation.

Li Fan was taken aback, "Is it true?"

"Judging by the market's reaction, it doesn't seem to be a baseless rumor," Jiao Xiuyuan said solemnly.

"It seems Tantai Can leaked this secret to minimize his losses. Who would've thought Samantabhadra True Leaf had such a use? If they can resist the Devouring White Mist, this could change the landscape of the Xuanhuang Realm," he muttered, seemingly planning to quietly buy back the leaves.

"So that's why its price steadily increased in the previous life," Li Fan realized.

Having spent years in the Abyss, Li Fan was all too familiar with the terror of the Devouring White Mist.

If he had known about the power of the Samantabhadra True Leaf back then, the Tianxuan Spirit-Locking Formation within the mist wouldn't have been so painstaking to build.

"With these leaves, it's even possible to explore deeper into the maze..."

"And in the previous life, until I turned into an object and completed the Tianxuan Spirit-Locking Formation, Tantai Can never disclosed anything about this..."

The news was shocking.

Both Li Fan and Jiao Xiuyuan fell into deep thought, and the hall was silent.

"The Tantai family is interesting—discovering such important information and not reporting it in time," Jiao Xiuyuan eventually broke the silence.

"What kind of background does the Tantai family have?" Li Fan asked, continuing the conversation.

"The head of the Tantai family, Tantai Liruo, is a Dao Integration Immortal Sage and one of the three leaders of the Bureau Hall headquarters of the Immortal Alliance."

"Because of their low-key conduct, the Tantai family has remained relatively unknown to outsiders."

"Only when you reach a certain level do you realize how terrifying the Tantai family truly is."

Jiao Xiuyuan explained to Li Fan.

"However, the Bureau Hall isn't solely under the control of the Tantai family. Given the scale of this mistake, Tantai Liruo will have to provide some explanation."

Jiao Xiuyuan's tone suddenly turned curious, "I don't think Tantai Can is a fool, so why did he make such poor decisions this time?"

"Logically, this kind of critical information could have helped the Tantai family secure an even stronger position."

"But he threw it away for a little profit."

Li Fan pondered for a moment before analyzing, "Perhaps, this person isn't really that foolish."

"After all, the Tantai family is the Tantai family, and Tantai Can is Tantai Can."

Though it sounded convoluted, Jiao Xiuyuan seemed to grasp the meaning behind Li Fan's words.

Afterward, the two chatted casually for a while before agreeing to collaborate again if the opportunity arose.

Li Fan then used a secret passage within the hall to quietly return to the Tianxuan Mirror, avoiding the angry crowd of cultivators outside.

Calming his thoughts, Li Fan began to assess his gains.

He had acquired the Samantabhadra True Leaf at around 300 or 400 points each and sold most of them to Dantai Can for 1,300 points.

Even after accounting for a small portion sold in between, his overall profit had quadrupled.

Subtracting the unexpected losses from purchasing Spirit Mist Grass, Li Fan's wealth had grown from just over 5 million contributions to a staggering 18.6 million.

However, Li Fan was no longer a naive newcomer to the cultivation world.

Facing such enormous wealth, he remained calm and composed.

He skillfully opened the Tianxuan Mirror's shopping list, continuing to purchase items needed for trading with the empire and selecting objects that might be useful for future cultivation.

Unfortunately, his current access level was still limited, leaving him lamenting over the treasures he couldn't yet obtain.

The days of lavish spending didn't last long.

As expected, a voice soon echoed from the Tianxuan Mirror, summoning him to the Martial Arts Hall for an investigation.

They wanted to determine whether he had maliciously manipulated the market, potentially destabilizing the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 462


The last time Li Fan was investigated by the Tianji Hall due to the "Green Ox Cart Incident" was still fresh in his mind. Now, he found himself once again in the central core area of the Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

Passing by the Formation Hall, he continued inward until he reached a building with a stone monument inscribed with the word "Martial" at its entrance. He paused in front of it.

The moment he saw the word, Li Fan felt a suffocating, oppressive atmosphere descend upon him. It was as if several illusions appeared before his eyes, and the next moment, it seemed that blades and swords would be drawn upon him.

"The calligraphy is good, but it still lacks a certain essence compared to the 'Chaos' stone I saw before," Li Fan thought to himself, suppressing his instinctual urge to fight back.

With a stern expression, he walked into the Martial Hall without showing any emotion.

Unlike the Formation Hall, which was known for its overlapping spaces accessed via teleportation arrays, the main feature of the Martial Hall consisted of numerous giant stones floating in the air.

The jagged stones, scattered like stars across the sky, varied greatly in shape—some resembled humans or beasts, others like mountains or rivers.

On top of these giant stones, one could vaguely see pavilions, plants, and even the occasional figure flying by. However, the flying stone on which Li Fan stood was particularly special.

It was barren and smooth, almost like a mirror. Faint lines of light seemed to flow beneath the surface of the stone. As soon as Li Fan stepped onto the stone, a formation was activated, and he felt himself being uncontrollably moved to the center of the floating stone.

An inexplicable energy surged up from beneath his feet, binding him like invisible chains.At the same time, as Li Fan looked up, the surrounding flying stones, like stars, began to undergo mysterious changes.

Initially, the area where Li Fan stood was an inconspicuous corner of the starry sea. But once he was restrained, the scenery above shifted, as if the stars were revolving around him.

In an instant, Li Fan seemed to be at the center of the starry sea, becoming the absolute focus of this space.

He also sensed countless gazes hidden behind the giant stones, all converging on him.

This was true "attention from all sides"! Each gaze was as heavy as a mountain. If it were any other cultivator, unaccustomed to such a scene or lacking strong mental fortitude, they would have collapsed to their knees on the spot.

Yet, Li Fan remained calm and collected, his expression unchanged.

After a brief standoff, a solemn voice echoed through the stone sea.

"Li Fan, cultivator, due to the abnormal price fluctuations of the Samantabhadra True Leaf, you are summoned here to undergo investigation."

"This investigation will be conducted by the Martial Hall of Congyun Sea, with the cooperation of the Tianji Hall and the Administrative Hall."

"Due to the significant impact and extremely malicious nature of this incident, the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance has dispatched a special envoy to oversee the entire process."

"In the spirit of fairness, justice, and transparency, this investigation will not be kept confidential and will be subject to the supervision of all members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance."

...

After a long preamble, the booming voice finally got to the main point.

"Li Fan, during the investigation, you are allowed to defend yourself."

"But you will be held accountable for the truthfulness of every word you say. If any concealment or deceit is discovered, you will be punished according to the severity of the offense, in line with the Immortal Alliance's laws."

The words echoed in his mind, and Li Fan nodded to indicate his understanding.

"Now, I declare the investigation officially begins."

"Martial Hall, please have Jin Chongcheng recount the details of this incident."

A flash of light appeared, and a cultivator wearing the uniform of the Martial Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance appeared in mid-air above Li Fan.

Standing above Li Fan, he looked up at the countless floating stones in the sky and began to speak.

"The abnormal price fluctuations of the Samantabhadra True Leaf began sixteen days ago, triggered by a statement made by this cultivator, Li Fan."

"He spread the message through Jiao Xiuyuan that the 'price of the Samantabhadra True Leaf would skyrocket.' Afterward..."

Jin Chongcheng concisely summarized the events leading up to the incident. As he spoke, scenes began to appear on the sky screen: a graph depicting the price fluctuations of the Pu Xian True Leaf, images of cultivators frantically buying it, and the aftermath of the Tianxuan Mirror's stabilization, showing countless cultivators suffering heavy losses.

"Furthermore, we noticed that before the price of the Samantabhadra True Leaf rose, cultivator Li Fan had already purchased a large stock. He sold it at the peak, making a substantial profit."

"Based on this, we suspect that cultivator Li Fan disseminated false information, exploited the herd mentality of the public for profit, and maliciously disrupted the stability of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance," Jin Chongcheng added.

After he finished speaking, the Martial Hall fell into silence.

Li Fan felt the weight of the gazes on him increase.

If it were any ordinary cultivator, they might have already paled and confessed under the pressure.

However, Li Fan raised his head and interrupted Jin Chongcheng, "I have an objection!"

"Spreading false information? Where does that accusation come from? Yes, I did make a bit of money in this incident..."

Ignoring the killing intent in the gazes directed at him, Li Fan continued, "But as cultivators, pursuing profit is only natural. I have the ability to predict the future, and I used it to make a profit. What's wrong with that?"

"And the subsequent price trend of the Samantabhadra True Leaf matched my predictions. Doesn't that just prove the accuracy of my foresight?" Li Fan argued righteously.

Whispers spread through the Martial Hall.

"Silence!"

"As for whether using predictive techniques for profit is legitimate or not, we ask Elder Gongsun Qixuan of the Tianji Hall to speak."

A flash of light replaced Jin Chongcheng with a young scholar who appeared to be in his early twenties.

Despite his handsome appearance, he looked somewhat listless.

"It's him..." Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly as he recognized the person and nodded in acknowledgment.

This Gongsun Qixuan was the very same cultivator Li Fan had encountered during his previous investigation by the Tianji Hall. The mysterious aura emanating from him had left a deep impression on Li Fan.

After exchanging polite greetings with Li Fan, Gongsun Qixuan lightly coughed and began to speak slowly, "The stance of our Tianji Hall has never changed."

"The results of predictive techniques can certainly be used as a reference for future actions. If not, why would our Tianji Hall even exist?"

"We do it, so naturally, there's no reason to forbid other cultivators within the alliance from doing the same."

Gongsun Qixuan's words were quite fair and made sense.

Li Fan nodded repeatedly as he listened.

However, at that moment, Gongsun Qixuan's tone changed, and he fixed his sharp gaze on Li Fan.

"But, I question whether this cultivator Li Fan truly possesses the ability to predict the future!"

"If he genuinely predicted that 'the price of the Samantabhadra True Leaf would skyrocket,' then our Tianji Hall believes he is innocent."

"But if..."

A cold glint flashed in Gongsun Qixuan's eyes.

"If this was fabricated out of thin air by him."

"We suggest that he be sentenced to death."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 463


Gongsun Qixuan's tone was filled with undisguised killing intent.

“Well then, please prove yourself, Daoist friend!” he said coldly, staring at Li Fan.

Now, all the pressure shifted to Li Fan.

More and more eyes from all directions focused on him.

“Since Daoist friend claims to be able to deduce future events, why not demonstrate here and now?” Gongsun Qixuan demanded, his voice leaving no room for Li Fan to refuse. “If you can accurately predict the rise and fall of specific item prices, deducing something else should be a simple task.”

Li Fan hesitated for a moment, but had no choice but to agree.

“In that case, I shall make a humble attempt!” He clasped his hands in salute and took out the [Heaven-Earth Divination Dice] that he had prepared. Closing his eyes, he stood motionless.

The entire venue instantly fell silent, and everyone stared intently at Li Fan's next move.

Within the jade slips he had obtained from the relics of the Heavenly mechanism Sect, there were indeed a few future-deduction techniques. However, these were low-level spells, with a success rate so low that even hitting one out of a hundred would be considered lucky.

After studying them carefully, Li Fan roughly grasped their mechanics. They were enough to put on a show but certainly not capable of actually predicting anything. He knew that with countless eyes watching him, he couldn't be too bold. He was prepared to flee immediately if his act was exposed.

Simultaneously, he activated the secret technique [Sky Shrouding Palm], and a mysterious aura instantly enveloped his body.

The Heaven and Earth Divination Dice floated in front of Li Fan and began to spin rapidly. The twenty facets of the dice flashed with fragmented, fleeting images.

Li Fan knew that even if these scenes passed by in a blink, they would not escape the eyes of the skilled cultivators present. Therefore, the images shown by the Heaven and Earth Divination Dice weren’t just random—they were real events from his past life, ones he would experience in the future.

Truth mixed with lies, falsehood hidden within truth. Only then could he deceive the onlookers.

However, no matter how realistic it appeared, Li Fan knew that this fake act couldn’t withstand close scrutiny.

As the Heaven and Earth Divination Dice spun faster and faster, a scene of utter darkness began to emerge. Li Fan made his body tremble uncontrollably, his face growing paler by the second, with fear spreading across his features.

Using the [Creation Furnace Art], he suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood and exclaimed, “The Tianxuan Lock of Spirit, the union of Xuan and Huang?!”

At that moment, the Heaven and Earth Divination Dice lost all its brilliance and stopped spinning, with all twenty facets now pitch black.

Li Fan collapsed weakly to the ground, looking utterly drained.

The crowd in the Martial Hall erupted in shock.

No one could remain calm after hearing the words "The Tianxuan Lock of Spirit, the union of Xuan and Huang." The implications were simply too terrifying.

At that moment, a figure dressed in black, whose face was obscured, appeared out of thin air. He ignored the gravely injured Li Fan and instead looked at Gongsun Qixuan.

“Daoist Gongsun…” The figure clearly sought Gongsun Qixuan’s opinion.

He suspected that this cultivator, Li Fan, might just be putting on a show. But, not being proficient in deduction arts himself, and with Li Fan allegedly being an ancient cultivator who had fallen into slumber in ancient times, there was a possibility that ancient methods differed from modern ones.

Moreover, the conclusion Li Fan had deduced was indeed alarming.

To be cautious, the figure decided to defer to an expert’s judgment.

Gongsun Qixuan’s lips moved as he silently repeated the words Li Fan had just deduced. His expression grew increasingly grim.

A painting appeared in front of him, slowly unfurling. The canvas was originally blank, but as Gongsun Qixuan waved his hand like a brush, colors began to fill the scene. Something seemed to be forming on the painting.

However, the act of creating this painting seemed to be a huge drain on Gongsun Qixuan’s strength. Already looking a bit sickly, his condition worsened as his back began to hunch under an invisible weight, slowing his movements.

Finally, as the image on the painting became clearer, Gongsun Qixuan’s hand trembled violently. He seemed to encounter an immense force, unable to complete the final stroke no matter how hard he tried.

A look of frustration crossed Gongsun Qixuan’s face. He bit his tongue and spat out a mouthful of blood. As the blood splattered into the air, he clenched his fists and forcefully completed the painting, using his blood as ink and his fists as brushes.

When everyone in the Martial Hall, including Gongsun Qixuan himself, turned to see the content of the painting, a brilliant green light burst from the canvas, flooding the hall and spreading in all directions.

The first to be hit was Gongsun Qixuan himself. Already exhausted from forcibly completing the deduction, he had no strength left to defend himself. Caught off guard, he was struck head-on.

"Ah!"

A scream of agony escaped from Gongsun Qixuan as his body dissolved into the green light. Only a trace of black mist remained, drifting away to an unknown destination.

“Damn it, a backlash from the Heavenly Mysteries?!”

“Elder Gongsun?!”

The sudden turn of events left the cultivators in the Martial Hall in utter shock.

But soon, they had their own problems to worry about.

The green light spread like a tide, and everything it touched—whether strange boulders or living creatures—disappeared without a trace, as if melting into water.

The black-robed cultivator’s face darkened as he tried to stop the green light’s spread, but to no avail. The source of this green energy was mysterious and impossible to resist. Left with no other choice, he was forced to retreat.

In mere moments, the public trial had turned into a race to see who could escape fastest.

Amidst the desperate screams of the cultivators, the scene grew more chaotic and terrifying.

The moment Li Fan saw the familiar green light from Gongsun Qixuan’s deduction painting, he knew something had gone terribly wrong.

Although he wasn’t sure what had triggered it, or why Gongsun Qixuan’s deduction had summoned the power of the [Mysterious Net], Li Fan didn’t hesitate to slip away unnoticed, blending in with the panicking crowd as they fled from the Martial Hall.

The strange phenomena at the Martial Hall on Ten Thousand Immortal Island quickly caught the attention of other cultivators on the island. The once magnificent building trembled before collapsing in a series of violent shakes.

Just as the green light threatened to continue spreading outward, a rainbow beam of light shot down from the sky, descending upon Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

Countless transparent runes surged from the rainbow light, forming a massive net that captured the dispersing green light.

The crisis was swiftly resolved.

Amidst the fleeing crowd, Li Fan bowed his head slightly, for the newcomer was none other than Lu Xichan, the chief formation master of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s Strategy Formation Hall!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 464


Lu Xichan gazed at the now obliterated Martial Arts Hall on Ten Thousand Immortal Island, her brows slightly furrowed.

Faint green threads appeared, twining around her fingertips.

She stared at this familiar yet strange green glow, a trace of surprise flashing in her eyes.

Even though the Congyun Sea was a remote place, very few cultivators knew of Lu Xichan's true identity.

However, under her overwhelming aura, she remained silent, and the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Island was eerily quiet.

The cultivators did not dare to look at her directly, all bowing their heads in deference, much like Li Fan.

At the same time, they were guessing in their hearts the identity of this female cultivator.

Finally, two figures flew out from the island's central Administrative Hall to greet her.

A man and a woman, none other than Ziyun and Hongxi, the only two Soul Transformation True Monarchs in the Congyun Sea.

"Greetings, Chief Lu!" They bowed in unison, a trace of nervousness evident on their faces.

For both leaders of the Congyun Sea to show such deference, it was clear this was an extraordinary figure!

The other cultivators, who had bowed their heads in submission, were both shocked and filled with curiosity.

They secretly wondered why such an important figure like Chief Lu had come to this remote corner of the world.

Was it for this mysterious green light?

“No need for formalities. There is urgent business at hand.”

Lu Xichan glanced coldly at the cultivators on Ten Thousand Immortal Island and said, "From now on, the island is under lockdown. Without my orders, no one is permitted to leave."

As she spoke, she pointed toward the sky.

Transparent patterns spread from the center, quickly enveloping the entire island.

"I have already applied to cut off the connection between this place's Tianxuan Mirror and the outside world. Conventional communication methods have also been blocked by me."

"Until the matter is thoroughly investigated, you are responsible for maintaining order on the island."

Hongxi, hearing this, immediately grasped the gravity of the situation and nodded in agreement.

The cultivators on the island exchanged bewildered glances.

It seemed something serious had happened!

The entire island was sealed off, allowing no one to enter or leave.

This was likely the first time such a large-scale lockdown had occurred since Ten Thousand Immortal Island was established!

Hidden among the crowd, Li Fan felt uneasy.

The course of events in this world had far exceeded his expectations.

Initially, he only intended to play a charlatan to fool the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's investigation.

But who would have thought that Gongsun Qixuan's reputation was well deserved? He actually deduced something based on the principle of "Tianxuan Locking Spirit, Union of Xuan and Huang."

He even triggered green energy similar to the Tianxuan Network.

What he had not expected even more was that the anomaly from tens of thousands of miles away had immediately caught Lu Xichan's attention.

She crossed states in an instant and sealed off Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

"Let's take it one step at a time. If I can get through this safely, things might return to my control," Li Fan thought, narrowing his eyes and adjusting his plan.

After Lu Xichan took over Ten Thousand Immortal Island, black-robed cultivators began arriving on the island via teleportation arrays.

They carried an overwhelming aura of killing intent that lingered and patrolled various areas of the island.

The cultivators were divided into groups and interrogated one by one in sequence.

The first to be interrogated, naturally, were the survivors of the mutation at the Martial Arts Hall.

As the instigator of the incident, Li Fan was also the first target of the interrogation.

Fortunately, he did not have to face Lu Xichan directly.

However, he could faintly feel a gaze falling on him now and then, making him cautious.

Feigning weakness, with a pale complexion, he pretended not to have fully recovered from his injuries.

Li Fan truthfully recounted the events that had taken place in the Martial Arts Hall.

"After deducing the phrase, I was immediately hit by a backlash from the heavens."

"As for what Elder Gongsun saw or how he triggered that terrifying green light, I have no idea."

Li Fan coughed and put on an innocent expression, shifting all the blame onto Gongsun Qixuan.

The three cultivators in charge of the interrogation asked a few more details before taking Li Fan into a small, dark room deep within the Administrative Hall, where he was detained.

Li Fan cooperated fully throughout.

Inside the isolated dark room, cut off from the outside world, he could not know what was happening on Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

So, Li Fan closed his eyes and began meditating.

Meanwhile, on Tai'an Island.

The clone "Zhou Qing'ang" quietly left the island's protective formation, heading to the agreed meeting spot with the stone-faced man.

"Boss, something big has happened!"

Before the other party could say anything, Li Fan spoke first.

"Uh... what's the rush? Speak slowly!" the stone-faced man scolded.

"It seems there’s been a major incident on Ten Thousand Immortal Island. Since just now, all contact with the island's cultivators has been lost!" Li Fan's anxious tone was mixed with a hint of excitement.

"Before I came, I made some inquiries. Just before the island was sealed off, someone saw a rainbow light descending from the central headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, arriving at Ten Thousand Immortal Island."

"This lockdown must be related to that rainbow light!" Li Fan said hurriedly.

The stone-faced man was taken aback by the sudden news.

He remained silent for a long time, seemingly verifying the accuracy of the information.

After a while, he spoke in a somewhat shocked tone, "It’s true!"

"What is the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance up to?!"

"Wait... that rainbow light..."

"Lu Xichan!"

His voice immediately rose several notches.

"Boss, who's Lu Xichan?" Li Fan feigned curiosity and asked.

"She's the Chief of the Strategy Formation Division of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, a truly significant figure. But why would she come to Congyun Sea?" The stone-faced man's voice was filled with both confusion and excitement.

Like a hungry wolf encountering prey, he sensed that there must be some earth-shattering secret involved in this event.

If they could uncover it...

"Boss, could this be a great opportunity for us to make a name for ourselves?" Li Fan asked, pretending to suddenly realize something.

"Indeed! We must find out the reason for her visit to Congyun Sea!" the stone-faced man said in a serious tone.

"But Ten Thousand Immortal Island is now sealed off, and even communication has been blocked. It seems almost impossible to figure out what's going on inside..." Li Fan frowned, appearing troubled.

Suddenly, as if remembering something, he exclaimed, "Boss, I have an idea."

"Oh? Let's hear it."

"Do you remember He Zhenghao, the one who sold us the entrance exam questions for the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance? Maybe he can help!"

"He Zhenghao..." The stone-faced man pondered for a moment before nodding slightly.

"Go ahead and try. I'll also think of other solutions."

"If you find anything, contact me."

"If he can’t help, then you’ll have to lay low again," the stone-faced man instructed.

"Understood." As the light on the stone face dimmed, Li Fan quickly left.

After having tea with He Zhenghao on Liuli Island, Li Fan swiftly returned.

"Boss, there's a way!"

"What?" The stone-faced man was surprised at how quickly "Zhou Qing'ang" had found a solution and even more surprised that He Zhenghao had information about the sealed Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

"What did he say?" the stone-faced man asked in a serious tone.

"One million contribution points, flat rate!" Li Fan hesitated for a moment, then said in a low voice.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 465


"Ten million contribution points?! Is he crazy?" The human face exclaimed in shock.

However, it quickly regained composure.

"Hmph, his appetite is really growing larger by the day. But is he certain that what happened on the Island of Ten Thousand Immortals is worth that much?"

Li Fan cautiously added after observing the other’s expression, "He has other conditions too."

"Payment first, delivery after."

"And he also said that whether we proceed with the trade is entirely up to us, he’s not forcing us. But he guarantees that this piece of information is worth far more. He's offering this price because he's risking his life and considers us old customers."

Hearing such outrageous conditions, the human face no longer appeared as agitated as before.

After thinking deeply for a moment, he said, "This is a serious matter. I'll go seek instructions first. Stay here and don't move."

With that, the image on the stone vanished instantly.

Li Fan patiently waited. A stick of incense later, the human face reappeared."Agree to his terms!" he said decisively.

"Boss?!" Li Fan was shocked at the other’s bold decision.

"Earlier, He Zhenghao said that the risks of this trade are too great, and it would be inconvenient for him to show up directly, so a middleman is required. If we want to trade, we are to send the spirit stones to this island. Just tell them you are from the 'Federation of All Worlds,' and don’t worry about anything else. Just hand the spirit stones over." Li Fan gave a set of coordinates, which pointed to the island where Li Chenfeng and the others from the Empire were located.

"Once he's sure the spirit stones have been received, he’ll send us the information," Li Fan quickly added.

"The 'Federation Of all Worlds'—what is that?"

"Could it be..." The human face seemed to have realized something and suddenly fell silent.

"At the latest, the spirit stones will arrive the day after tomorrow. Go keep an eye on He Zhenghao, and don't let him escape," the human face instructed.

"Yes, boss," Li Fan replied obediently.

"This is quite a gamble. If we win, we’ll have achieved great merit. But if we lose..." The human face muttered to himself, clearly anxious.

Such a large amount and such an unreliable transaction method were things the human face had never encountered before, and it showed in his expression.

"Boss, don't worry. Based on my interactions with He Zhenghao over this time, I believe he is trustworthy," Li Fan reassured.

"Let’s hope so. Go now."

After ending the communication, Li Fan hurried back to Tai'an Island, while also using the sensor of the "Formless Killing Intent" to monitor Li Chenfeng's situation.

Two days later.

A cultivator in black robes appeared above the Empire's island, looking around cautiously as instructed.

A woman in a blue dress suddenly appeared in front of him.

The two faced off, their expressions both somewhat tense.

According to the transaction procedure, the black-robed cultivator reported his identity: "I am a cultivator from the Federation Of all Worlds."

With that, he threw over a storage ring.

The woman in blue caught it and inspected it, her pupils narrowing sharply.

"You..."

She was about to say something, but the black-robed cultivator simply waved his hand and left without a word.

The blue-dressed woman stood there in disbelief, frozen in place.

"Master!"

Li Chenfeng, sensing something was wrong, quickly flew over to investigate.

The blue-dressed woman handed him the storage ring, and after Li Chenfeng inspected it, he too was left in a daze.

"Master, what on earth...?" Li Chenfeng was full of confusion.

"It seems we weren’t as prepared as we thought." The woman in blue smiled bitterly.

...

"The Five Elders Association really is efficient, never dragging their feet!" Sensing how smoothly the transaction was proceeding, Li Fan couldn't help but praise inwardly.

He then headed to Liuli Island, had a cup of tea with He Zhenghao, and quickly set off to the rendezvous point.

Activating the communication with the human face, Li Fan appeared somewhat bewildered and anxious.

"What about the information He Zhenghao was supposed to deliver?" The human face wasted no time with pleasantries and asked directly.

"He quietly told me already," Li Fan said softly. "Just one phrase."

"Hmm?"

Li Fan placed his palms on the stone and focused his mind, transmitting the message.

"Tianxuan Spirit Locking..."

"Xuanhuang Returns..."

"Union?"

On the other end, silence descended completely.

Moments later, faint chaotic noises could be heard, the commotion growing louder.

"The transaction is complete. Continue to lay low. If anything unusual happens, I'll contact you again." Despite trying to remain calm, Li Fan could still detect a hint of fear in the human face’s voice.

The stone disintegrated into dust, and the communication was cut off.

"Zhou Qingang" still wore a confused expression as he returned to Tai'an Island.

It wasn’t until he reached the secluded depths of the island's protective formation that he returned to his normal self.

"With the interference from the Five Elders Association, even if the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance tries to set up the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation, they may find it beyond their capabilities."

"How things will unfold still remains to be seen."

Li Fan narrowed his eyes as his attention shifted back to his true self on Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

After some investigation, Li Fan was released from confinement.

His testimony matched that of the surviving cultivators at the time, with nothing out of the ordinary.

The Immortal Alliance's primary focus remained on the whereabouts of Gongsun Qixuan.

It was his deduction that triggered the strange and terrifying green light.

Although Li Fan had deduced some results beforehand, the actual situation showed that Gongsun Qixuan's deduction ability was superior.

Figuring out what Gongsun Qixuan had seen at the time became the most critical task.

Ten Thousand Immortal Island remained on lockdown.

However, those cultivators who had been interrogated were allowed to move freely on the island after signing confidentiality agreements.

Although the events of that day couldn’t be discussed in detail, Li Fan's extraordinary deducing ability, as demonstrated in the skyrocketing price of Samantabhadra True Leaf and the strange events at the Martial Hall, was widely acknowledged.

As a result, many cultivators began to flock to Li Fan.

Unable to access the Tianxuan Mirror and seeking peace, Li Fan decided to hide at the Qianli Hall.

Qianli Hall had been closed since the day it was blocked, its doors tightly shut.

Li Fan used the secret passage from before to re-enter.

Once inside, he found that although Jiao Xiuyuan was present, he appeared dazed and expressionless.

No matter how much Li Fan called out, Jiao Xiuyuan didn’t respond at all.

It was as if the puppet had lost control due to the destruction of the Dao Stone in his previous life, but this time, it seemed even worse.

Li Fan observed carefully for a moment, then nodded thoughtfully.

"It must be Lu Xichan’s seal that severed the connection between the puppet and its original body."

"As expected from the chief of the Strategy Formation Hall, her methods are extraordinary."

"However, she would never imagine that the world still holds a divine technique like the 'Profound True Spirit Transformation.'"

Li Fan couldn't help but feel a little sense of pride.

With nothing else to do, he strolled around the deserted Qianli Hall.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 466


Jiao Xiuyuan transformed himself into thousands of puppets, single-handedly supporting the vast commercial organization known as Qianli Hall, which spanned across various locations of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

In various ruins and desolate wildernesses with few people, one might catch a glimpse of his presence.

He even had the power to stir up great disturbances in the Xuanhuang Realm.

There was a certain flavor of "entering the Dao through business" about him.

However, his luck seemed to be somewhat unfortunate.

Though he claimed he never made a losing deal, from Li Fan's experience with him, it appeared Jiao Xiuyuan often lost money in business.

For instance, when Li Fan first met him, he had stockpiled a large number of Concealment Talismans, but due to the incident with Five Elements Grand Cave Heaven, the price of the talismans plummeted.

Later, he painstakingly unearthed a few Minor Medicine King Cauldrons, and if he had waited for the return of the "True Medicine King Cauldron", he would have surely made a fortune.

But it was as if he was destined not to be that lucky. He sold all of those minor cauldrons early on at a low price.

"Perhaps he truly never made a loss, but it seems he always missed the big opportunities to get rich.""Even in the previous life, when he partnered with me in the business of Spirit Mist Grass, a moment of greed caused him to hesitate too long, and the vast wealth he had in hand vanished in an instant."

"Only in this life has he truly profited. I wonder if something is going to change for him."

As Li Fan pondered, he carefully examined the items on Jiao Xiuyuan's shelves, hoping to find something valuable, like the Minor Medicine King Cauldron, to make a small gain.

The items on the shelves were diverse: talismans, formation diagrams, pills, and more, all available.

Li Fan paid special attention to the older-looking items.

Most of them were badly damaged, filled with the marks of history.

Scrolls, various ornaments, and artifacts that had long lost their spiritual energy filled the shelves.

Li Fan's gaze swept across them one by one.

Suddenly, he stopped at an ancient painting.

His expression became slightly serious as he carefully removed the scroll and slowly unrolled it.

It wasn’t that the painting itself was special, but rather its content that caught Li Fan's attention.

The painting depicted a grand and magnificent sect entrance.

The sky and earth seemed boundless, with dozens of cultivators standing in the clouds, pointing into the distance.

Among the sea of clouds, the towering buildings at the mountain's peak were faintly visible.

"Luan Birds" and "Jiaolong Dragons", along with other exotic beasts, wandered among the mountains.

In the square at the foot of the mountain, hundreds of young disciples, still innocent in appearance, stood.

They looked up at the cultivators in the sky, their faces full of excitement and admiration.

It truly depicted a thriving scene of a flourishing sect!

But...

Li Fan had seen this sect before, and it was the complete opposite of the prosperity in the painting.

The ground was littered with corpses, rivers of blood flowed.

The sect's entrance was in ruins, reduced to rubble.

It was the very scene he saw at the bottom of the Void Abyss after the dense fog had cleared during his time in the Great Xuan.

The words "Immortal Dao is dead" carved on the cliff had deeply shaken Li Fan at the time.

Now, Li Fan knew that this was undoubtedly the aftermath of the great calamity that occurred when the disciples of the sect slaughtered each other after the arrival of the Disaster of incompatibility Of cultivating same technique.

"Which sect was this? Why did I see this place back then?"

It was known that the scene each person saw at the bottom of the Void Abyss was different.

The fact that Li Fan saw this ruined sect might have been a coincidence.

But Li Fan believed there might be some kind of guidance in it.

After carefully storing away the painting, Li Fan continued to browse the shelves but found nothing else of value.

He then approached Jiao Xiuyuan.

"Daoist Jiao? Daoist Jiao!"

Li Fan called out symbolically a few times. When Jiao still did not respond, Li Fan reached out and began to feel around him.

It wasn’t due to any strange habit, but rather to take this rare opportunity to study Jiao Xiuyuan's Thousand Puppet Dao.

Although Profound True Spirit Transformation was already an astonishing divine art, it still had some small flaws.

Derived from the Stealing Sky and changing the Sun Technique, it could only maintain one clone at a time, which was a bit disappointing.

If he could combine it with the Thousand Puppet Dao and take it a step further...

"Thousands of avatars, indistinguishable from the real."

As Li Fan's imagination ran wild, his hands moved without hesitation.

"Completely identical to the real body, even using divine sense to penetrate and perceive would find no difference."

"The control core seems to be in the head, glowing with a blue light similar to the Dao Derivation Stone."

"I’ve seen the remains of puppets before—dry and yellow like decaying wood. Could it be that Jiao Xiuyuan’s puppet avatars are made from some special type of wood?"

...

As Li Fan continued to examine the puppet in front of him, combining it with what he had learned, he felt he was beginning to grasp something.

Just as he was secretly pleased with himself, he suddenly noticed that Jiao Xiuyuan's eyelids were twitching slightly.

His heart skipped a beat, and Li Fan instantly moved away.

Moments later, he noticed that Jiao Xiuyuan's previously lifeless eyes were becoming lively again.

"Daoist Jiao, you’re awake?" Li Fan asked, feigning concern.

"Hmm? Daoist Li? Why are you here?" Jiao Xiuyuan suspiciously eyed Li Fan.

Li Fan originally wanted to explain the events that had taken place after he was questioned, but he had signed a non-disclosure agreement, leaving him unable to speak.

He had no choice but to tell Jiao Xiuyuan that he was simply avoiding the crowd and came here to hide.

"I lost contact with this puppet shortly after Lu Xichan arrived. I knew then that something big had happened, and sure enough..."

"That non-disclosure agreement, huh..."

Jiao Xiuyuan glanced at Li Fan and guessed the reason for his silence.

"No wonder things seem unsettled over in Tianquan and Tianyuzhou Prefecture..." Jiao Xiuyuan squinted, about to delve into his thoughts, but his gaze swept over his shop, and his expression immediately changed.

In a flash, he was at the shelves, checking things over, and exclaimed, "Why does it look like a painting is missing?"

"That was something I painstakingly dug out from a pile of junk!"

Li Fan was about to tell him that the painting was with him.

But before he could, the puppet in front of him suddenly exploded with a "bang," shattering into pieces.

Fortunately, it wasn’t flesh and blood flying everywhere, but just scattered wood shavings.

"Daoist Jiao!" Li Fan was momentarily stunned by the sudden event.

"I'm fine!" In an instant, another puppet emerged from under the counter.

His face full of gloom, Jiao Xiuyuan grabbed a broom and began cleaning up the scene.

"What just happened?" Li Fan couldn’t help but ask out of curiosity.

"I made a losing deal, so the puppet couldn’t be sustained." Jiao Xiuyuan didn’t offer much explanation, merely shaking his head and sighing.

"How strange. How could that painting have disappeared? Who would have the nerve to steal from me?" After cleaning up, Jiao Xiuyuan stroked his chin, angrily muttering.

"Uh, Daoist Jiao, I forgot to mention earlier. When you lost consciousness, I noticed that the painting was quite nice, so I put it away." At this moment, Li Fan finally spoke.

---

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 467


The Qianli Hall fell into an eerie silence. Jiao Xiuyuan stared at Li Fan with a look of disbelief, his face full of shock.

"Don't look at me like that. I originally planned to pay, but no matter how I called out to you, you didn’t respond."

Li Fan shrugged. "And by the time you woke up, before I could say anything, you had already exploded on your own. Can you really blame me?"

Jiao Xiuyuan's face twitched as he looked at Li Fan's innocent expression. After thinking for a moment, he realized that Li Fan didn’t seem like someone who would take without asking. Resigned, he pretended to be generous. "Forget it. It was just a puppet, after all. Let it blow up! I have plenty of puppets!"

"Daoist Jiao, how generous!" Li Fan clapped and praised him.

"I remember the scene in that painting depicted the Heavenly Sword Sect from ancient times. Daoist Li, could it be that you're recalling the past from seeing it?" Jiao Xiuyuan suddenly sized up Li Fan and asked with a strange look.

Li Fan looked at Jiao Xiuyuan, his thoughts racing.

After a moment, Li Fan shook his head, his tone doubtful. "Heavenly Sword Sect? You must be mistaken. Although I’ve lost part of my memory after thousands of years of slumber, I still vaguely remember the two stone tablets inscribed with 'Halt' and 'End the War' outside the Heavenly Sword Sect’s gate. The sect in this painting doesn’t quite resemble that."

Jiao Xiuyuan slapped his forehead. "Haha, look at my memory. Maybe losing a puppet messed with my recollection."

"It must be the Taishang Sect!" Jiao Xiuyuan said again."Taishang Sect..." Li Fan squinted slightly, as if recalling something.

After a while, he shook his head slowly. "No, I’ve visited the Taishang Sect before. Their thirty-three floating peaks don’t match the scenery in the painting either."

Li Fan looked at Jiao Xiuyuan with suspicion. "Daoist Jiao, are you..."

Jiao Xiuyuan chuckled awkwardly and quickly said, "I remembered wrong again! Let me think... it must be the Du'e Sect! This time, I’m absolutely sure!"[1]

"The Du'e Sect?" Li Fan’s heart stirred.

Jiao Xiuyuan's previous two tests had failed, so this mention of the Du'e Sect might finally hold some truth.

In his previous life, outside the Great Five Elements Cave Heaven, when the Five Elements merged, Li Fan had once glimpsed a mirage of a master and disciple from the Du'e Sect.

At that time, among all the cultivators on the Dust-Crossing Boat, only he had been able to see it.

Originally, Li Fan thought it was due to his unusually strong soul.

But if what he saw beneath the Abyss of Ruin was also related to the Du'e Sect...

Li Fan remembered when he once peered into the Abyss of Ruin, he had almost been bewitched by its power, nearly losing his mind and foolishly attempting to explore the abyss before, the [Truth], had fully charged.

At that critical moment, light suddenly burst from the bottom of the Abyss of Ruin, and the four characters "The Immortal Dao is Dead" appeared before his eyes, snapping him back to his senses and saving his life.

"It seems this Du'e Sect has some deep connection to me. Strange..."

Despite pondering over his past experiences, Li Fan couldn’t find the reason for this connection.

"The Du'e Sect... I’ve heard the name, but I don't think I’ve ever visited. Daoist Jiao, how much do you know about this sect?" Li Fan asked Jiao Xiuyuan.

"For some reason, the scenery from the Du'e Sect feels familiar. Could my memory be scrambled as well?" Li Fan mused, showing a puzzled expression.

Ignoring the teasing tone in Li Fan’s voice, Jiao Xiuyuan, surprised, said, "Is that so? If that’s the case, it’s truly extraordinary!"

"Oh? How so?" Li Fan asked eagerly.

"Daoist, you might be the 'One Destined for Calamity' that the Du'e Sect cultivator who left this painting was waiting for!" Jiao Xiuyuan said solemnly, his gaze deepening as he looked at Li Fan.

"Destined for Calamity?" Li Fan repeated the phrase several times, "What does that mean?"

"The sect’s name is telling. "Du'e" Sect cultivators use calamities as their cultivation resource. Their technique, 'Eternal Calamity,' draws power from various disasters. Each time they survive a catastrophe, their strength improves drastically."

"The greater the disaster, the more power they gain after surviving it."

"But conversely, for their next advancement, they must seek out even more dangerous calamities."

"However, disasters in this world are innumerable, and even heaven and earth may perish in a calamity. How can Du'e Sect cultivators guarantee they will always survive?"

"When they sense they may not survive their next catastrophe, they use a secret method to hide themselves from the world temporarily."

"They leave behind various means, waiting for someone capable of resolving the calamity to appear."

"That person is known as the 'One Destined for Calamity'!"

Jiao Xiuyuan slowly explained.

Upon hearing this, Li Fan frowned deeply. "Such a cultivation method exists? So, I’ve been marked by some Du'e Sect cultivator? Jiao Daoist, is there any way to break this?"

Jiao Xiuyuan waved his hand dismissively. "Don’t be so tense! Thousands of years have passed, who knows if the Du'e Sect cultivator who left this painting is even still alive?"

"Besides, even if he is, there’s no need for concern. To survive his calamity, he will have to rely on you completely. Until he has passed through it, he won’t harm you."

"And if you help him survive the disaster, he will owe you a great debt. The Du'e Sect has always adhered to this rule. Otherwise, who would ever help them play such a game?"

"Moreover, think about it. The disaster he couldn’t overcome, yet you can. By then, your strength will surpass his, and he’ll be too relieved to survive to even think of opposing you."

Jiao Xiuyuan dismissed Li Fan's worries, but began studying him with renewed interest.

"Li Fan Daoist, to be sensed as the 'One Destined for Calamity' by a Du'e Sect cultivator, your future must be boundless!"

Jiao Xiuyuan’s words brought some comfort to Li Fan, but a sense of unease still lingered in his heart.

Judging from the aid provided in the Abyss of Ruin, that Du'e Sect cultivator was likely still alive.

Though it was unlikely they were monitoring his every move, long-term observation might reveal something eventually.

"It seems I’ll need to find a way to resolve this hidden threat," Li Fan thought to himself.

"Daoist, your knowledge is truly vast, even understanding these ancient sect secrets so thoroughly. I am deeply impressed!"

"By the way, how many contribution points for this painting? I’ll buy it. I can’t let you make a losing deal!"

Though his mind was elsewhere, Li Fan's demeanor remained perfectly calm as he spoke to Jiao Xiuyuan.

1. The “Du’e Sect” can be translated to “Sect of Calamity” or “Sect of Tribulation” in English. This name implies a group focused on overcoming significant challenges or adversities.

Should I keep the name Du'e or translate from now with the English term?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 468


Jiao Xiuyuan’s face lit up with joy: "Fellow Daoist, your way of handling things is to my liking! As they say, even close brothers keep clear accounts. Though you previously helped me make billions with your strategy, rules cannot be broken."

After a moment of contemplation, Jiao Xiuyuan said, "I'll give you a significant discount, just transfer 200 contribution points to me."

Li Fan chuckled lightly: "Fellow Daoist Jiao, you're being too polite!"

Of course, Jiao Xiuyuan wasn’t truly concerned about the contribution points but about completing the necessary transaction process.

Without any fuss, Li Fan transferred the 200 contribution points immediately.

After the transaction was completed, Li Fan vaguely sensed something indescribable and inexplicable about the puppet in front of him. It was a change he had never noticed before.

A thought flashed through Li Fan's mind, and he couldn't help but voice his guess: "Fellow Daoist Jiao, could it be that you're about to break through?"

Jiao Xiuyuan seemed slightly surprised, as if he hadn’t expected Li Fan, who was in the Golden Core stage, to notice something.

"Good eyes, Fellow Daoist! The ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect’s reputation is truly well-deserved."

After a sigh, Jiao Xiuyuan nodded and said, "Indeed, but the technique I cultivate is special. My breakthrough is different from the usual realms. The specifics... I'm afraid I can't say much more. I hope you understand."Jiao Xiuyuan spoke with rare apology.

Li Fan nodded, showing his understanding.

"However, I, Jiao Xiuyuan, am not one to forget kindness. Thanks to you, I’ve profited greatly."

"If you ever need anything, just let me know! I’ll make sure to help you out!" Jiao Xiuyuan said, pounding his chest with heroic spirit.

"Speaking of which, I do have a favor to ask. Do you know of the Ancient Medicine King Sect?" Li Fan took the opportunity to ask for help in unearthing the Small Medicine King Cauldron.

"I have a premonition that these small cauldrons will be involved in many karmic consequences in the future, and the matter is of great importance. However, returning to the old site of the Medicine King Sect could be a fatal risk for me, so I cannot go myself. I’ll have to trouble you, Fellow Daoist."

Jiao Xiuyuan readily agreed.

"By the way, since Head Elder Lu came to Ten Thousand Immortal Island, she hasn’t been seen again. You have many sources of information, so could you help me investigate her whereabouts? As someone involved in the events, I’m still very curious about how this matter will impact the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance."

Due to the confidentiality agreements, Li Fan could only speak vaguely.

Jiao Xiuyuan agreed without hesitation.

After thanking him, they chatted for a while longer.

When the cultivators who had been surrounding Li Fan outside gradually dispersed, he quietly left the Qianli Hall.

Lu Xichan had already lifted the blockade of Ten Thousand Immortal Island, and now cultivators were free to move about.

No one knew what exactly she had discovered, but it was said that even the two Immortal Monarchs, Ziyun and Hongxi, had been summoned back to the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

At the same time, sharp cultivators noticed that a series of highly unusual orders were issued.

The Tianji Hall and the Formation Hall—every cultivator at or above the Nascent Soul stage—was being summoned to the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

"Such a large-scale mobilization—are they preparing to research and construct the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation ahead of schedule?"

"Hopefully, the Five Elders Association will step up their efforts. I don’t want to see that eerie green sky again in this lifetime."

This was Li Fan's thought as he awaited Jiao Xiuyuan’s return with information. He quietly left Ten Thousand Immortal Island, disguised as an emissary from the Federation Of all World, heading straight to the island where the Empire and its group were located.

He hadn’t forgotten that the Five Elders Association still owed him 10 million contribution points.

Though these points were in the form of standardized spirit stones, which could be exchanged for contribution points via the Tianxuan Mirror, the amount was enormous and its origins unclear.

If Li Fan exchanged them alone, it might attract unwanted attention from certain cultivators, especially after having already exchanged 5 million points.

Since he needed to acquire technology for controlling exotic beasts from the Empire anyway, he figured he might as well hand this hot potato over to them.

Rushing ahead, he soon arrived over the island.

Sensing Li Fan’s arrival, Qing instantly flashed over to greet him.

Compared to her previous cold attitude, she was now much more courteous.

It seems that no matter the era, the power of wealth is always astounding.

"So, Fellow Daoist, were you satisfied with the gift from the Federation Of all World?" Li Fan asked with a smile.

"Heh, satisfied? More like shocked," Qing said with a hint of laughter, leading Li Fan to a private chamber.

"A contribution of 10 million points, that’s quite a sum, Fellow Daoist. But why send someone suddenly? Wasn’t the deal meant to happen at our next meeting? If the emissary hadn’t identified themselves, I might have attacked."

There was a slight smile in Qing’s voice, along with a hint of confusion.

Li Fan shook his head: "There’s been a complication. In the coming days, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance will likely increase its domestic surveillance, so we need to complete our transaction quickly."

"I’ve been delaying my visit because I’ve been searching for a safe place for you to settle..."

Here, Li Fan intentionally left a gap, pausing briefly.

"I believe we’ve shown enough sincerity. Now, it’s up to your Empire to decide."

Li Fan took a sip of the tea that Qing had prepared for him and spoke slowly.

"Hmm? This tea is quite good." The sky-blue tea went down, and Li Fan was somewhat surprised.

Unlike the spiritual teas he usually drank, this one didn’t benefit his cultivation, spiritual power, or divine sense. Instead, he felt a warm current flow through his body, improving and strengthening his physique.

As someone who cultivated the "Creation Furnace Technique," Li Fan was naturally very familiar with such sensations.

It was strikingly similar to the hidden power of the human body.

"This is Supreme Dragon Whisker Tea. If Fellow Daoist likes it, I’ll send you some," Qing said with a smile.

After handing a storage ring to Li Fan, Qing straightened her expression.

"That was personal business, now let's discuss the trade between the Empire and the Federation Of all World."

"We believe the Federation truly intends to aid the Empire, so we will reciprocate by intensifying our cooperation."

"First, here is the first part of the transaction."

As she spoke, Qing handed over a uniquely designed storage ring.

The ring was engraved with a lifelike Qingluan bird, its eyes even moving.

Li Fan looked at the Qingluan bird on the ring and found it somewhat familiar.

But with so many similar bird species in the world, he couldn’t be sure.

He simply accepted it and began to inspect its contents.

Unexpectedly, his divine sense was blocked, and he failed to examine it.

Only when the Qingluan bird lazily glanced at Li Fan and flapped its wings did he manage to see inside.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 469


In a storage space ten zhang long, four zhang wide, and three zhang high, rows of redwood shelves were neatly arranged.

On the shelves, items resembling books were categorized and piled up.

Li Fan, with a thought, took one of them.

After observing it in his hand for a moment, Li Fan realized that these so-called “books” were alive.

Although they remained still, Li Fan keenly sensed the unique aura of a living being from them.

Li Fan instantly understood that while they were inside the storage ring, they were in a dormant state similar to death. But once they left the storage ring and came into contact with the outside world, they regained their vitality.

Opening the "book," rays of light shot out from the pages and gathered in the air.

In the light, there were dense characters and illustrations.

It was written in the common script of the Xuanhuang Realm. Li Fan carefully examined it and discovered that it contained information about the exotic beast "Dark Ancient Mantis". From its body structure, living habits, the value of each part of its body, to the methods of breeding and reproduction—everything was detailed. It was an all-encompassing encyclopedia.

Li Fan turned another page, and the light shifted and reformed.This time, it was information about the exotic beast Ink Spirit Fish.

Li Fan switched to another book and found that it also recorded information about different exotic beasts.

“In our world, there is a type of exotic beast called 'Bookworms'. They feed on words and images. Through special means, they can be made into books, which allow them to reproduce the texts and images they have consumed, achieving large-scale data storage,” Qing explained to Li Fan.

“This storage ring contains the empire’s millennia of research on exotic beasts. It includes all the information about the exotic beasts in our world—except for a few rare species, whose data will be supplemented during the final transaction.”

Li Fan nodded slowly and carefully examined a few more books before solemnly putting the storage ring away.

“Having data alone isn’t enough; it must be matched with physical entities. This is the second part of the empire’s transaction.” Qing took out a red square wooden box and handed it to Li Fan.

Slightly sensing it with his spiritual sense, Li Fan understood the function of the wooden box.

It appeared no bigger than the size of a palm, but inside it was divided into countless separate spaces.

In each space, there were ten exotic beasts of the same kind.

They seemed to be frozen, all motionless.

Li Fan could tell that these exotic beasts still retained their life signs.

Aside from the adult beasts, Li Fan also found many sleeping juveniles in the spaces.

There were embryos, eggs, or tiny young creatures.

“This is the Sealed Life Treasure Box, containing the exotic beasts corresponding to the data in the first storage ring.”

A trace of pride flashed across Qing's face. “With these two storage rings, as long as you find the right environment, large-scale cultivation of exotic beasts can be achieved again.”

“With enough resources invested, it wouldn’t be difficult to recreate the empire’s current grand scene.”

Li Fan stored the Sealed Life Treasure Box away, saying with satisfaction, “With the contents of these two storage rings, I can report back to the organization. However…”

Li Fan’s tone shifted. “Although these items are indeed valuable, they don’t contribute much to actual combat strength. Our Federation Of all Worlds still hopes you can provide some technical support that would be useful in the ongoing battle against the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“For example, the beast-like armor that this young brother demonstrated earlier.”

Li Fan pointed at Li Chenfeng, his eyes intense as he looked at Qing.

Qing smiled and said, “I figured that’s what you were after with such a generous exchange.”

“This just so happens to be the third part of our transaction, and the final portion for now.”

Qing extended her right hand, and a blood-red, pulsating round bead instantly floated above her palm.

“This is the Beast Soul Bead. Even an ordinary mortal, as long as they can withstand the beast soul sealed within, can absorb it and summon the Beast God Armor, unleashing combat power equivalent to that of the exotic beast.”

Qing handed over another storage ring.

This one, however, bore no special patterns—it was just an ordinary ring.

“This ring contains a thousand Beast Soul Beads. Five hundred of them contain exotic beasts with strength equivalent to the Foundation Establishment stage cultivators. Another four hundred and ninety Beads house beasts with Golden Core-level strength.”

“As for the remaining nine, they seal the souls of Scarlet Mystic Whales, beasts comparable to Nascent Soul cultivators.”

“And the last one…”

Qing hesitated for a moment before continuing, “It was made from the essence of the Nine-Headed Divine Bird.”

“In theory, it can unleash power equivalent to a Soul Transformation stage cultivator. But the Nine-Headed Bird is inherently ferocious. Even after thousands of years of death, its violent aura remains. Although the empire succeeded in using it to craft a few Beast Soul Beads, no one has survived the refining process so far. Those who tried either went mad or died.”

“If the Federation wants to attempt it, I suggest choosing someone with extraordinary willpower.”

“Oh, and one more thing. The power of the exotic beasts clashes with a cultivator’s spiritual energy. The stronger the cultivator, the more resistance they face when refining the Beast Soul Beads. To maximize its potential, it’s best used on ordinary mortals.”

Qing added.

“Excellent!” A hint of joy appeared on Li Fan's face.

“Our Federation Of all Worlds appreciates your sincerity! I’m sure once I report back, deeper cooperation will soon follow.”

“Haha, the organization is eager to learn the method of crafting Beast Soul Beads and the art of controlling beasts,” Li Fan said.

Qing’s expression remained unchanged as she replied solemnly, “Once the final transaction is complete, and the empire has fully withdrawn from the Xuanhuang Realm, all of that will be handed over to your Federation.”

“I can’t wait for that day!” Li Fan put away the storage ring containing the thousand Beast Soul Beads.

He left the secret chamber and flew into the sky.

“When I’ve found a suitable base for you, I’ll return for another transaction.”

“I hope that aside from technology, the empire can also provide some manpower support.”

“At that time, we will handle the personnel’s reception and transfer.”

Li Fan transmitted his voice as he looked down at the people of the empire.

“No problem,” Qing readily agreed.

Li Fan nodded and immediately soared into the sky.

Instead of returning to the Ten Thousand Immortal Island, he headed straight to Shenhua Island.

“Junior brother, please stand guard for me.”

The cultivating Tianyang, who was struggling to practice the Sky-Shrouding Palm Secret technique, immediately stopped when he heard Li Fan’s words.

He stood up and began scanning the surroundings with vigilance.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 470


"The Sealed Life Treasure Box... It seems that the empire indeed inherited the legacy of the Beast Taming Sect back in the day."

Now that Tianyang had reached Soul Transformation stage strength, Li Fan felt reassured enough to review the rewards from this trade with the empire.

Detailed information on various exotic beasts, along with the frozen beast entities in the Sealed Life Treasure Box, might not be of much use to other cultivators. However, for Li Fan, who practiced the Creation Furnace Technique, this was an undeniable treasure trove.

Li Fan could harness and transform the unique abilities of these exotic beasts, one by one, using his technique.

"The beauty of living creatures—nothing surpasses this!"

"The records in the Heavenly Doctor's immortal Codex probably don't capture the full essence of the living beings of this world either!"

With a light flick of his finger, Li Fan summoned all the bookworms from his storage ring.

His spiritual consciousness flipped through the books, and in an instant, countless rays of light and shadows projected into the air of his cave dwelling.

The Dao Derivation Stone in his mind emitted a deep blue glow it had never shown before. Li Fan narrowed his eyes, focusing on engraving the words and images into his memory.

A flood of information rushed in, organizing itself and being stored in the Dao Derivation Stone.Amid the continuous sound of flipping pages, the light and shadows constantly shifted.

After recording everything in a few pages, Li Fan felt a slight headache in his temples.

Taking a short rest and consuming a Dao Enlightenment Pill, he resumed his “reading.”

Over the course of several thousand years, the empire had birthed many unique species. Most of them were creatures that Li Fan had never encountered in the Heavenly Doctor's Codex—nor did they exist in the present Xuanhuang Realm.

Their various strange abilities amazed even the well-traveled Li Fan.

For example, the Wisdom Worm that resided in the human brain and could enhance cognitive abilities; the Mimic Beast, which could perfectly disguise itself after devouring other beings; and the Thousand Spirit Bird, which fed on human emotions.

Each of these creatures opened Li Fan’s eyes to new wonders.

"The All-Encompassing Furnace—this is the true myriad phenomena of living beings!"

Amid Li Fan's amazement, the pages of the books continued to flip.

In a short time, he absorbed the knowledge accumulated over thousands of years by the empire into his mind.

Ten days later.

Li Fan let out a long breath, massaged his aching forehead, and returned the bookworms to his storage ring.

Sensing the concerned gaze of Tianyang, Li Fan waved his hand, signaling that he was fine.

After resting for half a day and recovering some of his energy, Li Fan took out the red wooden box.

According to the information he'd previously seen in the Tianxuan Mirror, this Sealed Life Treasure Box was an exclusive artifact of the Beast Taming Sect from ancient times.

It was said to be crafted from Ten Thousand Transformation Spirit Wood, capable of sealing and preserving living demonic beasts.

With the passage of time over thousands of years, the Ten Thousand Transformation Spirit Tree had nearly gone extinct, making the Sealed Life Treasure Box an exceedingly rare item.

"It seems my intuition was correct."

"The familiar feeling I sensed from that woman in green must have come from the Azure Luan Bird that Xu Ke once encountered in the Fallen Immortal Realm."

"I wonder if that Red-Crowned Crane is still alive."

"Could it be that the founder of the empire, the first to comprehend the Beast Taming Technique, was Xu Ke?"

"According to Li Chenfeng's memories, he has long since passed away. But things may not be as simple as they seem."

Li Fan pondered silently.

"Based on the information currently known, it appears that Xu Ke was the only member of the Beast Taming Sect to enter that small world, thus establishing the empire’s legacy."

"But where did the other members of the Beast Taming Sect go? What about Lu Ya?"

"And why did Emperor Sang Mo come to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and become the curator of the Museum Of Divine Treasure?"

"How does all this relate to Mr. Bai's mission from back then?"

There were too many questions that remained unanswered for now.

"Perhaps the next trip to the Fallen Immortal Realm will resolve some of these doubts."

"Soon," Li Fan calculated the time in his heart.

After putting away the Sealing Life Treasure Box, Li Fan took out a Beast Soul Bead at the Foundation Establishment level.

One could say that the empire's generosity this time far exceeded Li Fan’s expectations.

Five hundred Foundation Establishment level, four hundred ninety Golden Core level, and nine Nascent Soul level Beast God Armor warriors—if used wisely, they could certainly cause quite a stir.

Although these were only theoretical combatants, in the current Xuanhuang Realm, the actual combat strength of cultivators was shockingly low.

Aside from a few rare cultivators who specialized in combat techniques, most people would already be considered exceptional if they could use a few offensive and defensive techniques.

The Beast God Armor, with its ability to influence spiritual consciousness, resist most spell attacks, and move with incredible speed, was definitely a deadly weapon to ordinary cultivators.

"The question now is how to use them for maximum benefit. I need to think this through carefully."

Li Fan temporarily set aside this thought, holding a Beast Soul Bead in his hand and pressing it against his forehead.

Suddenly, his vision turned blood-red. In a daze, Li Fan seemed to see a fierce one-eyed hunting leopard lunging toward him.

"Hmph!" Li Fan's mind sharpened like a needle, stabbing toward the leopard.

The leopard let out a mournful cry, and the illusion quickly vanished.

The Beast Soul Bead dissolved into a red liquid, which seemed to have a life of its own, flowing from his forehead toward his limbs and bones.

Li Fan sensed a strange energy trying to infiltrate his body, attempting to modify it.

Unlike the pure enhancement from his Creation Furnace Technique, the Beast God Armor felt more like grafting the power of an exotic beast onto a human.

Although it temporarily strengthened his abilities, his physical body became tainted by the beast’s power and lost its purity.

"Crooked paths, not of the true way."

Li Fan shook his head as the hidden power within his body surged like a flood, instantly expelling the invading beast energy.

The hunting leopard’s wail echoed in his ears again, and the red liquid from the Beast Soul Bead evaporated in an instant.

"It seems this armor is only suitable for mortals who cannot cultivate."

"Or perhaps..."

Li Fan's eyes gleamed with a peculiar light.

He thought of Ye Feipeng from his previous life, who had awakened the Kunpeng bloodline.

"If one already possesses a beast bloodline, they would naturally not fear this kind of contamination."

"In this life, He Zhenghao has been profiting handsomely by following me. He probably no longer cares about that smuggling business."

"As for Su Xiaomei and the others, they are still in the Outer Realm. Without me, they likely wouldn't have had a chance to come here."

Li Fan smiled faintly.

"This life’s grand show wouldn’t be complete without these little ones."

With that, Li Fan rose, bid farewell to Tianyang, concealed his aura, and quietly made his way to the Outer Realm.

First, he arrived at the central volcano of the Outer Realm and observed it for a while.

"Strange..." Li Fan shook his head.

Ever since he first came to the Outer Realm, he had felt something unusual about this volcano. However, each time he carefully investigated, he found nothing out of the ordinary.

As his cultivation grew deeper, his sense of foreboding became stronger.

But he still couldn't pinpoint the cause.

"Perhaps after I reach the Nascent Soul stage, I'll discover something."

Li Fan made a mental note of the matter and then headed straight for Dali Capital City.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 471


Early Morning, Ye Mansion.

The chubby Ye Feipeng was sound asleep, seemingly dreaming of something particularly pleasant, as his lips curled slightly. He was completely unaware of the black shadow that suddenly appeared beside him.

The shadow waved a hand gently, causing Ye Feipeng’s head to tilt as he instantly fell unconscious. The figure's right hand formed a claw and hovered above Ye Feipeng's head.

After a brief moment, the hand slowly withdrew.

A drop of thick, blackish-red blood appeared in the figure’s palm.

Ye Feipeng, who had looked healthy moments before, suddenly seemed as though he had contracted a severe illness, his face drained of energy.

The drop of blood in the shadow's palm seemed alive, possessing its own consciousness as it continuously squirmed, attempting to escape the figure's grasp.

As the shadow tightened its fingers, the space in which the blood could struggle grew smaller and smaller until, eventually, the blood was entirely absorbed into the figure's body.

The shadow stood still in the night for a long while.

“Pff!”Two menacing bone wings suddenly tore through the figure's back, stretching out behind him.

Threads of flesh clung to the wings, emitting a faint sizzling sound as the flesh grew along the bone spurs, swiftly covering the bare bones.

The bone wings became fuller.

However, under the moonlight, one could still clearly see the constantly writhing flesh on the edges of the wings, giving off a sinister and eerie aura.

“The Kunpeng bloodline…”

A low voice escaped from the shadow’s mouth. Moments later, the figure ripped the wings off from his back.

Surprisingly, there was no blood spurting from the wounds. The struggling flesh at the injury site was swiftly expelled by a surge of pure, vast vitality.

In an instant, the shadow was fully restored to its original state.

“Ancient demon beasts truly possess some mysteries.” The figure murmured as he looked at the still-twitching wings he had torn off.

This shadow was none other than Li Fan.

Upon arriving in the capital of the Da Li Kingdom, the first thing he did was extract a portion of the Kunpeng blood from Ye Feipeng’s body.

While he stored the majority of the blood in a storage ring, he absorbed a small part into his own body.

The power of this bloodline was far more domineering than the beastly forces Li Fan had encountered in the Beast Soul Bead.

If those beast forces were infectious and grafted, then the power of the Kunpeng bloodline was all about devouring and complete assimilation.

“No wonder in my previous life, Ye Feipeng’s behavior and even his thoughts gradually became more like those of a true demonic beast.”

“This is the inevitable consequence of using the power of the Kunpeng bloodline.”

“But…”

Li Fan smiled slightly. “By mimicking it with my Furnace of Creation technique, I don’t have such worries.”

“Kun Devour, Peng Soar, Peng Transformation…”

As Li Fan muttered quietly to himself, his figure in the night twisted and changed. Sometimes he transformed into a whale, other times into a peng, and occasionally into a human with peng wings.

After a long time, Li Fan returned to his original form.

“The Kunpeng blood I used for comprehension is too little. Right now, I can only mimic its form and cannot fully replicate the Kunpeng’s divine powers.”

“But no worries, I have a ready-made blood bank right here.”

Li Fan looked at Ye Feipeng, a peaceful smile spreading across his face.

He grabbed the chubby youth and shot into the sky, disappearing into the night.

The next day, chaos erupted in the capital.

Children from prominent families, such as the Su, Ye, and Han families, mysteriously went missing.

Even after these influential families searched the entire city, they couldn’t find any trace of the children.

Panic spread, and rumors began circulating.

The affected families gathered in secret to discuss the situation. They concluded that only two entities could be responsible: either the rumored immortals or the Da Li Emperor himself.

It was clear that immortals wouldn’t stoop to such stealthy actions. That left only one possibility—the emperor had acted.

The aristocrats and ministers couldn’t help but recall various rumors they’d heard before, and resentment began to grow in their hearts.

Thus, undercurrents began to stir within the capital.

Meanwhile, the instigator of all this, Li Fan, had already left the Realm.

After returning to the Xuanhuang Realm, he didn’t stop for a moment.

Instead of heading to any particular region of the Xuanhuang Realm, he passed through the Immortal Extinction Passage and returned to his homeland, the Great Xuan.

The Taiyan Boat sailed swiftly through the air, carrying sixteen frightened children huddled together in the cabin, trembling in fear.

Li Fan stood at the prow, gazing below.

Like the Outer Realm, the Great Xuan was a complete miniature world, but it was over ten times larger.

Since the Outer Realm could produce cultivation geniuses like Su Xiaomei and Xiao Heng, there was no reason the Great Xuan couldn't as well.

His first destination was Hangguang City, the wealthiest city in Great Xuan.

As his immense divine sense swept over the mortals below, Li Fan searched for suitable candidates.

Soon after, Li Fan frowned deeply.

“How is it that so few have better potential than I did?”

Shaking his head, the Taiyan Boat sped up and headed for the next city.

But the result was the same.

After spending nearly half a month, Li Fan had almost searched through all the citizens of Great Xuan, yet those suitable for cultivation were exceedingly rare.

“It seems that my difficulty in stepping onto the path of immortality wasn’t entirely coincidental.”

“People and Heaven…”

Soaring into the sky, Li Fan closed his eyes and sensed the very essence of the Xuan Realm.

“Humans are the spirits of all living beings, blessed by the heavens.”

“Those favored by the heavens can sense the Dao, cultivating in harmony with the Way, and step onto the path of immortality.”

“This is what should naturally occur.”

“Given the vast population of Great Xuan, there should theoretically be many so-called geniuses favored by the heavens.”

“But strangely enough…”

Li Fan recalled the void ripper whales that lingered outside Great Xuan, trying to sever the entire Xuan Realm from the Xuanhuang World.

“When the heavens offer no favor, who dares to tread the path of immortality?”

“But why is the (Li)-Outer Realm so unique?”

With doubts swirling in his mind, Li Fan sighed softly and temporarily gave up on his original plans.

He only made a detour to the area near Jieli Mountain, taking the two boys he had noticed with extraordinary potential.

He then left Great Xuan and returned to the world of cultivation.

“I knew it! Immortals do exist!” Sun Erlang exclaimed excitedly, pacing back and forth.

Beside him, the burly Wang Xuanba looked worried and uneasy.

“Erlang, what do you think the immortal wants with us? When do you think we’ll be able to go back? I miss home…” Wang Xuanba whispered to Sun Erlang.

“Have some ambition! How can you return home without mastering the ability to fly through the clouds and split mountains?” Sun Erlang scolded.

Wang Xuanba opened his mouth to say something, but suddenly noticed a figure appear beside them.

“Immortal Master!” Wang Xuanba was startled and hurriedly knelt down to kowtow.

“Immortal Master, please teach me how to cultivate!” Sun Erlang also knelt and bowed.

Li Fan’s gaze swept over the two but he didn’t reply.

Instead, he led them to the cabin where Su Changyu and the other sixteen children were.

The children, many of whom hadn’t seen their families, were lost in fear and confusion, crying uncontrollably.

“Keep them quiet. This will be your first test,” Li Fan said to Sun Erlang.

“Remember, you can’t hit them.”

Li Fan disappeared immediately after.

Sun Erlang, who prided himself on his martial prowess, stared at the group of snot-nosed brats before him, stumped.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 472


Sun Family's Second Young Master scratched his head in frustration, but after much effort, he finally managed to calm the restless children from the separated realm.

Li Fan then led them to the path of transformation into Dao. The cave dwelling he had previously opened wasn’t large, but it was more than enough to accommodate these children.

Li Fan made a trip back to the Ten Thousand Immortals Island and purchased the Spring of Spiritual Life and Scarlet Fruit Tree from the Tianxuan Mirror, solving their food problem.

Only then did he gather the children. They looked at Li Fan with innocent and bewildered eyes.

"Do you know what immortality is?" Li Fan asked.

Most of the children instinctively shook their heads, including Ye Feipeng, who was completely puzzled. Only Sun Erlang, who was slightly older, had a flash of desire and longing in his eyes.

He eagerly responded, "I know! Immortals can fly through the sky and burrow through the earth, move mountains and fill seas, summon wind and rain, and do anything!"

Sun Erlang's words seemed to embolden the previously timid children.

Another child quietly said, "I know too. My father taught me a song: 'To be like an immortal, riding a crane to the heavens, turning stone into gold, miraculous and beyond words!'"

Li Fan chuckled when he heard this. He recognized this child as the future father of Han Wu You. This time, Li Fan had also captured him along with Han Wu You’s mother, wanting to see whether Han Wu You would still be born under such drastic changes. The significance of the possible differences was crucial to Li Fan.

With a wave of his hand, the children, who were chattering away, immediately quieted down.

Li Fan solemnly taught, "The so-called immortals are merely people who are a bit more powerful."

"But for a mere mortal to become as powerful as an immortal, how easy could that be?"

"Some people are skilled in literature, others in martial arts. The most important thing is to find a method that suits you to become stronger."

Li Fan deliberately paused, waiting for the children to reflect. After they seemed to be deep in thought, he continued, "I have three methods that can make you as strong as immortals."

"First, the Rebelling Against Heaven Method. Mortals follow the natural order, while immortals go against it. By defying the laws of heaven and earth, you can attain the path to eternal life. This is the highest method."

The children, though not understanding much, grasped the basic idea, and their eyes widened in amazement.

"Second, the Hidden Furnace Method. The human body contains a hidden furnace, and by refining it, you can tap into your potential. At advanced stages, sheer physical strength alone can move mountains and fill seas! This is the mid-level method!"

Upon hearing this, only Sun Erlang and Wang Xuanba had a spark of interest in their eyes.

"If neither of the first two methods works, I still have a third!"

"Although it cannot compare to the other two, it is still one of the many paths to greatness."

"It is the Beast-Taming Method!"

"The world was once filled with various exotic beasts that possessed incredible powers. By harnessing their strength, you too can accomplish the feats of immortals with a mortal body!"

Li Fan spoke loudly.

The children grew excited with anticipation.

"Everyone is different. Only a few will be able to master the highest method. I will teach you according to your strengths."

"You may choose how to cultivate voluntarily."

"Think carefully. Three days later, I will return to this place!"

With a sweep of his hand, Li Fan activated a Memory Stone, which played a continuous loop explaining the three methods in the air. The children were captivated by the various dazzling scenes displayed and immersed themselves in them.

Three days passed quickly.

When Li Fan reappeared, they immediately fell silent from their discussions.

"Those who wish to cultivate the highest method, step forward!" Li Fan commanded.

Su Changyu, Sun Erlang, and three other children boldly stepped forward.

After scanning them, Li Fan solemnly said, "None of you have exceptional talent. If your cultivation becomes difficult in the future, don’t regret your choice!"

Su Changyu and the others showed no signs of hesitation.

Li Fan flicked his fingers, and several streams of light flew into their minds.

"Thus, I have passed on different methods to you. Remember, immortal cultivation is rare, and you must not practice multiple methods simultaneously. In the future, if you encounter difficulties, you must figure them out on your own and never reveal your cultivation method to others."

Upon hearing this, the children’s expressions changed slightly.

But Li Fan ignored them, summoning a gentle breeze to lead them to another room.

He then turned to the remaining children and said, "Those who wish to cultivate the Hidden Furnace Method, step forward!"

Wang Xuanba was the first to move.

Most of the other children, after some hesitation, also stepped forward.

Without saying much, Li Fan transmitted the Creation Furnace Technique into their minds.

After sending them away, Li Fan looked at the remaining three children, his eyelid twitching.

Among them were the nonchalant Xiao Heng and the cunning-eyed Ye Fei Peng.

"Why did you choose the lowest-level Beast-Taming Method?" Li Fan asked coldly, pointing at Xiao Heng. "You answer first!"

Startled, Xiao Heng scratched his head, embarrassed. "Master Immortal, I feel like I’m too dumb to learn the first two methods. So I’ll just honestly learn the Beast-Taming Method."

Li Fan sneered. "Are you sure? No regrets?"

Seeing that Li Fan wasn’t reprimanding him, Xiao Heng breathed a sigh of relief and nodded quickly, "No regrets!"

Li Fan didn’t say anything more and handed him a Nascent Soul Beast Soul Bead.

"This is a Beast God Bead, containing the soul of a powerful beast. It’s too strong for you now, so keep it by your side, day and night. When you feel ready, try to refine it." Li Fan instructed.

"Thank you, Master Immortal!" Xiao Heng happily accepted the Beast Soul Bead.

"Master Immortal, I think the same way as Xiao Heng!" The other child, Zhao Wen, who seemed simple and honest, also spoke up quickly.

Li Fan examined Zhao Wen’s body carefully, and after some thought, gave him another Nascent Soul Beast Soul Bead.

"Don’t push yourself," Li Fan advised.

Zhao Wen gratefully knelt and bowed.

"And you?" Li Fan looked at the last one, Ye Fei Peng.

Ye Fei Peng scratched his cheek, hesitating.

Finally, he gathered his courage and asked tentatively, "Master Immortal, why can we only choose one method?"

"I want all three. Is that possible?"

Li Fan paused, gazing at the eager Ye Fei Peng. Suddenly, he burst into laughter.

"Since you’ve asked, I shall grant your wish."

The Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword, the Creation Furnace Technique, and a Beast Soul Bead made from the essence of the nine-headed divine bird flew toward Ye Fei Peng.

"Thank you, Master Immortal! Thank you!" Ye Fei Peng was overjoyed, bowing repeatedly.

Xiao Heng and Zhao Wen, stunned by the unexpected outcome, were left speechless.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 473


Xiao Heng opened his mouth, wanting to say something. However, his lips only moved slightly, and when he looked at the stern face of Li Fan, he ultimately remained silent.

On the other hand, Zhao Wen, who had a simple and honest nature, didn't think much. After his initial shock, his eyes were filled with pure admiration.

Thus, the cultivation path for this group of children was temporarily set, except for Su Xiaomei, who was still in swaddling clothes. Although Su Xiaomei had extraordinary talent, she was simply too young. Being at the stage of babbling, it was unrealistic to expect her to start cultivating yet. However, with the protection of numerous spiritual items purchased by Li Fan, along with the care of Xiao Heng and Su Changyu, there was no need to worry about her health. In fact, she was growing even faster than in her previous lives.

Seven days later, as the children's cultivation journeys were beginning to take shape, Li Fan gathered them together once again.

"Do you know where you are right now?" Li Fan asked.

After becoming more familiar over the past few days, the children were no longer as reserved as they had been. "It's the Immortal Realm!" they answered eagerly.

"Correct," Li Fan nodded. "But do you know that your ancestors originally came from this Immortal Realm?"

"Immortal Master, our ancestors were also immortals?" the children asked, wide-eyed and chattering in excitement.

Li Fan then told them the story of how, in ancient times, their ancestors had been forced to leave their homeland due to being afflicted by a curse that separated mortals from immortals.

"They were merely stronger humans who relied on their power to act recklessly, treating their former comrades cruelly.""Why should they monopolize this vast and beautiful world full of spiritual energy, while you are left to live in a small, desolate world with no spiritual energy and even the risk of total annihilation?"

"It's because you are not strong enough!"

Li Fan's gaze swept over them as he subtly used the power of his Seven Apertures Exquisite Heart to manipulate their thoughts.

"When you become strong enough, this world will respect and accept your opinions."

"All the humans of the small worlds should unite!"

"Everything that was lost must be taken back by your own hands!"

With these words, full of passionate rhetoric, the children became filled with a shared sense of hatred, eager to strike back at the Immortal Realm as soon as possible.

"Of course, we must also recognize the gap between us and the Immortal Realm. Not only is our overall strength too weak, but the number of cultivators we have is far too small."

"So..."

"We must endure and lay low!"

"We must seek out fresh blood to strengthen our organization!"

Unconsciously, the dialogue between Li Fan and the children had shifted from "you" to "us."

"It's been some time since you left home, and I know some of you miss your parents," Li Fan said.

"But don't worry, I'm not an unreasonable person," he added, pointing to Tian Yang, who was standing quietly to the side. "As long as you succeed in your cultivation and can defeat him, I will allow you to return home."

"And I will even grant you the authority to recruit people from your homeland to join our Federation Of All World's!"

Upon hearing this, the children became excited. Who wouldn’t want to return home with newfound power, boasting their immortal techniques? Moreover, the strange man, Tian Yang, seemed a bit dim-witted and didn’t appear to be that difficult to deal with.

With newfound hope and a spark of ambition, the children began cultivating even more diligently.

In secret, Li Fan watched these future pillars of the Federation Of All World's and nodded in approval.

Of course, he didn’t truly expect to launch a counterattack against the Immortal Realm or overthrow the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. However, his recent profitable dealings with the Empire had given him some new ideas.

Using the banner of the Federation Of All Worlds, he could continue to make contact with small worlds that possessed unique power systems and profit greatly from these exchanges. The value of power at the same level was not equivalent between small worlds and the Xuanhuang Realm. Take, for example, the thousand beast soul beads—500 Foundation Establishment, 490 Golden Core, and even nine Nascent Souls. Assembling a team of this strength in the Xuanhuang Realm would cost more than ten million in contribution points.

But due to the Empire’s urgent need for contribution points to detach from the Xuanhuang Realm, Li Fan was able to easily secure significant gains.

The same applied to other small worlds. However, since these pocket dimensions and small worlds were all hidden away, to connect with them required a large number of personnel.

Therefore, raising these children was quite necessary. Besides, with the Mountain Sitting Technique in their possession, the stronger they became, the greater the benefits for Li Fan.

He quietly instructed Tian Yang not to hit them too hard, and as long as they reached the combat strength of Golden Core cultivators, he should let them win.

After leaving behind a Formless killing intent to monitor them, Li Fan quietly returned to Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

While he had been away, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance appeared peaceful on the surface, but hidden currents were already surging underneath. After deploying a large number of cultivators, they issued a Call for Recruitment.

Any cultivators with achievements in the field of formations were summoned. They didn't need to pass the usual entrance exams and could immediately receive the benefits of a formation master in the Strategy Formation Hall. Those who performed exceptionally well could even be rewarded with Dao Integration techniques.

In no time, talented formation masters from all over the world gathered at the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters. Such a grand assembly naturally didn't go unnoticed by the Five Elders Association.

On the border, the Five Elders Association continued to provoke and probe the Alliance. From time to time, news of exposed and executed spies from the Five Elders Association would surface.

Both sides remained cautious about war. However, beneath the strange calm, a massive storm seemed to be brewing.

Li Fan sensed something unusual. If they only wanted to construct the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation, there was no need for so many formation masters. The deduction of the formation diagram wasn’t something Nascent Soul-level formation masters could even participate in.

"Chief Lu, what are you up to?" Li Fan muttered to himself, his eyes flashing as he quickly reviewed recent events in the Tianxuan Mirror, trying to find some clues.

After a long time, his eyes suddenly stopped on a seemingly ordinary piece of news.

Foundation Establishment cultivator Guo Yezhong died unexpectedly while attempting to break through to the Golden Core stage.

"Guo Yezhong? How did he die so early?"

Li Fan remembered this person clearly from his previous life. Guo Yezhong had relied on contribution points to win first place in the Spirit Locking Formation Competition, so Li Fan had a strong impression of him.

Now, his sudden and unexplained death seemed suspicious. Li Fan decided to investigate the events leading up to Guo Yezhong's death to see if he could uncover anything unusual.

After several days of effort and spending contribution points like water, Li Fan finally found a potential lead from one of Guo Yezhong's friends.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 474


Guo Yezhong was a person deeply obsessed with the Dao of formations.

His mind was often imaginative, with sudden flashes of inspiration. He also loved drinking, and after becoming thoroughly intoxicated, he would share his wild and unrealistic ideas with his friends.

His friends would just laugh it off as drunken talk.

Not long ago, Guo Yezhong once again drank himself into a stupor.

He told his friends about a vision he had in a dream: the sky of Tianxuan hanging above like a spider's web, covering the world and binding all beings.

Because it was so bizarre, his friends again didn’t take it seriously and dismissed it as a joke.

After Guo Yezhong sobered up, they even mocked him for it.

Who knew that as soon as Guo Yezhong heard this, his expression changed dramatically. He warned his friends not to speak of it, then left in a huff.

For the next several days, he locked his doors and refused all visitors.

Then, suddenly, he claimed to have gained some insight and left to seek an opportunity to break through to the Golden Core stage.He never returned.

A few days later, a strange heavenly phenomenon occurred, leading others to discover his body.

…

“Bad wine brings misfortune!” Li Fan sighed softly, then fell into deep thought.

Was this the work of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance to prevent leaks by silencing him?

For the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, which was in urgent need of talent in the Dao of formations, there was no need for such drastic measures.

A simple recruitment order would have been enough to make him devote his life to the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation. There was no need to go to such extremes.

"Then the remaining possibility is that the Five Elders Association took action."

"After I revealed the secret of the 'Tianxuan Spirit Locking, Xuanhuang Unification' to the Five Elders Association, they must have been trying everything to gather information related to it."

"But due to the strict secrecy measures of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, they had little success."

"Until they discovered that an unremarkable Foundation Establishment cultivator, Guo Yezhong, had openly described a vision related to the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation while drunk."

"That's when disaster struck Guo Yezhong..."

Li Fan stroked his chin, piecing together what might have happened.

"Guo Yezhong, despite his immense talent in formations, probably didn’t know much about the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation. At most, he had some vague concept."

"And the Five Elders Association's knowledge of formations is not inferior to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. With Guo Yezhong as a lead, what happens next is anyone's guess."

"The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is going even bigger this time compared to the last life, just for the sake of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation."

"It's almost certain that with both sides vying for control, either the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation will never come into being, or it will evolve into something far more terrifying than in the last life."

"I can only hope the Five Elders Association holds their ground. If necessary, I can lend them a hand."

Li Fan pondered over the structure of the Spirit Locking Formation for a while before setting aside his thoughts.

As for this matter, which could alter the future course of history in the Xuanyuan Realm, the vast majority of the cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance were completely unaware.

For them, life was as peaceful as ever, with no difference from usual.

They did missions, accumulated contribution points, exchanged them for cultivation techniques and resources, and then secluded themselves for cultivation.

Occasionally, they would take a break to relax and play.

This was their daily life.

The topics of casual conversation among the cultivators were nothing more than the latest genius to break through, or who had incredible luck and found a technique in some sect ruins.

But this year, one name had become a frequent subject of discussion.

Li Fan, a cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect.

He had accurately predicted the sharp rise in the price of Samantabhadra True leaves.

Though most of the participants in this event suffered heavy losses and hated Li Fan for it, they did not doubt his ability to predict.

In fact, at some point, a group of fanatical cultivators started praising Li Fan’s predictive abilities.

They swore by his name, claiming that Li Fan's skill in divination was on par with the well-known masters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

It seemed as though, apart from the Samantabhadra True leaf event, Li Fan had other accomplishments.

But when pressed for details, these people would clam up and adopt a “believe it or not” attitude.

Li Fan's rise to prominence wasn’t just due to his predictive ability.

The real reason behind his fame was that Li Fan could help people get rich.

The whole sect knew that He Zhenghao of the Congyun Sea had handed over his contribution points to Li Fan for investment, and a year later, he received both principal and interest.

Although it looked like a pyramid scheme on the surface, Li Fan's reputation as an expert in divination gave it credibility.

Accumulating contribution points was incredibly difficult! A 50% return in one year was irresistible!

Driven by temptation, more and more cultivators approached He Zhenghao, eager to join the next round of investments.

There were so many inquiries that even He Zhenghao, who considered himself worldly, was overwhelmed.

He ended up hiding on Liuli Island behind the protective formation, too scared to come out.

Only after contacting Li Fan and receiving his approval did he relax.

Following Li Fan's advice, he issued a statement.

Due to the overwhelming number of requests, which far exceeded Li Fan’s ability to manage, He Zhenghao was forced to make a difficult decision.

This time, they would only accept contribution points from 500 cultivators, sorted from the highest amount offered to the lowest.

This announcement caused many cultivators to curse silently.

Most hesitated briefly, then ultimately gave up.

However, a small number of people placed their trust in Li Fan and invested their contribution points.

With the introduction of this competitive system, the third round of contributions swelled to over 15 million.

An average of 30,000 per person.

And that was with everyone holding back and adopting a cautious approach.

He Zhenghao was overwhelmed with joy as he collected the funds.

Since Li Fan promised him 1% of the profit as a reward, he worked even harder.

He even encouraged the investors to dig deeper into their pockets.

While Li Fan was busy amassing wealth, the Empire's Foundation Establishment Masters were not idle either.

Although the 10 million contribution points gifted by Li Fan allowed these lawbreakers to complete their tasks early, they continued to accumulate contribution points and resources to quietly transport them back to the Empire.

One day, a special guest arrived on the island.

"I've saved for so long; it should be enough."

"With the help of this renowned Foundation Establishment Master, I’ll surely break through to the Foundation Establishment stage this time."

"Then, I will take control of my fate, defying even the heavens. The cultivation world may be vast, but I, Han Yi, will be able to roam freely!"

A disheveled young man, slightly crazed, stood outside the courtyard of the Foundation Establishment Master, muttering to himself.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 475


"You brat, what are you muttering about over there? You've been standing there for so long, are you coming in or not?" Li Chenfeng leaned against the wall, squinting at Han Yi with a hint of impatience in his voice.

"I'm coming, I'm coming." Startled by his own muttering, Han Yi reluctantly handed over a storage ring.

"Two thousand low-grade spirit stones, all inside," Han Yi said with a pained expression.

"Alright, follow me." Li Chenfeng, who had witnessed contributions worth tens of millions, was already unimpressed by mere contributions in the thousands.

Still, even small gains are gains, Li Chenfeng thought as he pocketed the storage ring and led Han Yi to the presence of the Foundation Establishment Master.

Upon seeing the venerable master, who radiated a celestial and scholarly aura as he lectured, Han Yi's face lit up with excitement.

He dared not disturb the master, carefully finding a seat and attentively listening to the lecture. Though some of the content was difficult to understand, Han Yi remained focused, not daring to miss a single word.

After a long discourse, Han Yi, like the other students, closed his eyes and began to attempt his Foundation Establishment.

Unbeknownst to the people on the island, the moment Han Yi stepped foot on the island, a gaze from across the majority of the Congyun Sea landed on him.

"Daoist Han, I've been waiting for you for quite some time."Using a Heavenly perspective locked on Li Chenfeng, Li Fan watched Han Yi, who sat cross-legged with closed eyes, with great interest.

"Has he accumulated this much?"

"After breaking through the Foundation Establishment stage, will he control his fate, not leaving it to the heavens?"

Li Fan pondered over the meaning of Han Yi's words and recalled the strange moments in his past life, where Han Yi's fortune sometimes soared beyond comprehension, and at other times, was mediocre.

A bold hypothesis began to form in Li Fan's mind.

"Could it be that Han Yi can control his own fortune? Moreover, after reaching Foundation Establishment, his control over luck will undergo a qualitative transformation?"

In that instant, Li Fan recalled his connection with the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird from his past life.

"Could it be this similar? Interesting!"

Fixing his gaze tightly on Han Yi, Li Fan saw that in Han Yi's Dantian, a black feather was slowly taking shape.

"This is…"

No matter how Li Fan looked at it, that feather was almost identical to the one that had once grown on his own body—the feather of the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird.

"Even his Foundation Establishment treasure is the same. It seems there's no doubt about it—this really is connected to the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird."

Li Fan felt a slight tremor in his heart.

If his previous guess was correct, the founder of the Empire was Xu Ke, and the Saint Master was none other than the Azure Luan bird from those times.

What puzzled Li Fan, however, was that in Li Chenfeng's memories, there had been no trace of the Mystic Black Bird in the Empire.

In theory, the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird had a much closer connection to Xu Ke than the Azure Luan bird that had appeared out of nowhere. So why had the Black Bird, which should have been Xu Ke's companion spirit beast, disappeared?

If Li Fan could uncover the source of Han Yi's strange abilities, he might also learn the fate of the Mystic Black Bird from those years ago.

…

As time slowly passed, just as the Heavenly Fate Mystic Bird "Feather" in Han Yi's dantian was about to fully form—

"Hahaha! I did it!"

A cultivator sitting beside Han Yi suddenly stood up and shouted excitedly.

Han Yi, deep in concentration, was distracted. The black feather in his mindscape began to scatter again.

He furrowed his brows.

Just as he calmed his mind and was about to attempt forming his foundation once more—

Another cultivator succeeded in forming his foundation. His aura surged, and he let out a long howl.

"Today, I realize who I truly am! Thank you, Master!" The man laughed heartily, bowed to the Foundation Establishment Master, and flew away with pride.

Han Yi's brows knitted even tighter as his foundation crumbled a bit further.

"After ten years of hardship, I have finally succeeded. From this day forward, the heavens and the earth may be vast, but I, Nangong Qian, shall tread upon them freely." A scholar-like cultivator recited a poem before departing gracefully.

Inside Han Yi’s dantian, the image of the black feather from the Mystic Black Bird shattered completely.

"Enough is enough!"

In a burst of anger, Han Yi spat out a mouthful of fresh blood, leaping to his feet and glaring around.

But to his dismay, he realized he was now the only one left in the courtyard.

The Foundation Establishment Master looked at him with pity and offered comfort: "Young man, don't be discouraged. Although you failed this time, I can see you're very close to success."

"I'm certain you'll achieve Foundation Establishment next time."

Hearing this, Han Yi was overwhelmed with emotion and spat out another mouthful of blood.

The master kindly handed him a pill. "The path of cultivation cannot be forced. I suggest you go home and recuperate."

"Next time, I'll only charge you a thousand contribution points."

Han Yi opened his mouth but said nothing.

Though his heart was full of reluctance, he couldn't argue with the powerful Foundation Establishment Master.

Swallowing the pill, Han Yi staggered out of the courtyard and flew away from the Foundation Establishment Island.

"He's truly out of luck, that Han Yi."

"It seems it's not yet time for his reversal of fortune."

Li Fan's eyes flashed as he quietly left Ten Thousand Immortal Island, heading straight for Han Yi, who had been locked onto by his Formless Killing Intent.

Li Fan had made up his mind to use the Soul Searching Spell on Han Yi, to discover what secrets were hidden within him.

After leaving the Foundation Establishment Island, Han Yi seemed severely shaken.

Without direction or goal, he flew aimlessly.

When he finally came to his senses, he found himself in an unfamiliar sea region.

"Damn it, just one tiny bit more…"

"This cursed heaven!"

With no one around, Han Yi pointed angrily at the sky, venting his frustration.

At that moment, the calm surface of the sea suddenly surged with enormous waves.

It was as though something was rising from the depths of the ocean.

Han Yi stared at the water with a strange expression.

After looking around for a moment, he dove into the water.

He continued to descend, deeper and deeper into the ocean.

Eventually, he discovered the source of the disturbance—a massive hole had appeared in the ruins at the seabed.

Countless gallons of seawater were being sucked into the hole, forming a gigantic whirlpool.

Han Yi gazed at the whirlpool, his expression shifting.

Finally, gritting his teeth, he was about to plunge headfirst into it.

But at that very moment—

"Insect Binding!"

A faint voice echoed in his ears.

Han Yi was horrified to find that he had completely lost control of his body, unable to move even a muscle!

A shadowy figure appeared slowly behind him, exuding a dangerous aura that made Han Yi's heart sink.

Just as the figure was about to place a hand on Han Yi's head—

Suddenly, several golden lights shot down from the surface of the water, not aimed at Han Yi, but at the shadow before him!

The golden lights were incredibly powerful, forcing the shadow to dodge.

"Master Li, we've been searching for you everywhere!"

Four black-clad cultivators, their forms concealed, appeared out of nowhere and surrounded the two.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 476


"Mm?"

Li Fan was slightly surprised as four cultivators suddenly appeared before him.

Ever since he started using the title of "Ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect Cultivator" to stir up the world, Li Fan had been extra cautious and vigilant.

Whenever he went out, he would always use the secret technique "Shrouding Sky Palm" to hide his whereabouts.

The secret technique, which had once been able to block even the Tianxuan web's detection in his previous life, was truly extraordinary. Even in the vast Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, many cultivators desired to see Li Fan, yet none had succeeded.

But today, it seemed that a few uninvited guests had finally arrived.

"Who are you?" Li Fan asked, not expecting them to answer honestly, but merely trying to buy some time.

Sensing the aura emanating from the four black-clad cultivators, Li Fan felt slightly at ease. They were far weaker than Tianyang, likely at the Nascent Soul stage.

"What do you want with me?" Li Fan asked, feigning ignorance.

"You'll know soon enough!" one of them replied coldly. "Form the formation!"They stood in four corners, and each shot a golden light from the magical tools in their hands. The golden lines twisted and turned in the air, swiftly forming a dazzling array around Li Fan.

It was like a massive golden bell, trapping Li Fan inside.

Li Fan's eyes shifted slightly, and he tried to escape, only to find that the surrounding space seemed frozen, making it impossible to break free.

"Seal!" the four shouted in unison.

The golden bell shrank rapidly, getting smaller and smaller. Its golden outline was on the verge of binding Li Fan completely.

"Splitting Light Dragon-Trapping Formation..."

Although trapped within the formation, Li Fan remained calm and composed. After several lifetimes of bitterly studying formations, he immediately recognized the formation that the four black-clad cultivators had deployed.

This was one of the top restraining arrays in the world today, typically cast by at least three cultivators working together. The more cultivators involved, the more powerful the formation. Capturing someone of a higher realm was no difficult feat with it.

Under normal circumstances, the combined strength of four Nascent Soul cultivators could easily capture even a Soul Transformation cultivator.

But...

Li Fan sneered inwardly. Though he couldn't move, dozens of "Great Five Elements Annihilation Swords" shot out from various parts of his body, unleashing destructive black light.

Sensing the terrifying aura emanating from the black light, the four black-clad cultivators' expressions shifted slightly. Instinctively, they tried to dodge.

But they soon realized in horror that the target of the black swords wasn't them—it was the critical nodes of the Splitting Light Dragon-Trapping Formation!

"Not good!"

One of the cultivators cried out in alarm. He finally realized that the black light emitted from Li Fan had struck each of the formation’s key points with pinpoint accuracy.

"Boom!"

Golden and black lights clashed violently, and the once-solid golden bell dimmed slightly in an instant. The unbreakable array had loosened.

"You dare show off your insignificant skills in front of an expert?"

As the light flickered, Li Fan's figure suddenly disappeared from the Dragon-Trapping Formation.

"He not only excels at deduction techniques, but also at formations?"

"How is this possible?"

In that instant, the same thought flashed through the minds of the four black-clad cultivators.

"Our intel was wrong! Retreat!"

The lead cultivator shouted, but as they prepared to flee, they noticed something strange—the sky had suddenly darkened. It was as though a massive black cloud had blotted out the heavens.

Then, dozens of golden lights shot out from the cloud at lightning speed, drawing an even larger golden bowl in the air, trapping the four cultivators inside.

"Splitting Light Dragon-Trapping Formation?!"

The black-clad cultivators' bodies trembled, their eyes filled with disbelief.

Not only had their own technique been used against them, but the formation now trapping them seemed far more refined than the one they had originally cast, despite being slightly weaker in power.

The formation was enhanced with an unknown improvement, making it even harder for them to break out.

At this point, the four black-clad cultivators knew they had to give it their all.

Inside the massive golden bowl, four unique Cave-Heaven visions appeared: an isolated snow peak, a misty forest, a towering mountain, and a vast plain.

Above them, beneath the black cloud and golden bowl, Li Fan stood, gazing down at the four Nascent Soul cultivators with a heart full of killing intent.

These cultivators were not all experts in formations; they had relied on magical tools to assist them. Thus, the formation they had set up in haste naturally had flaws.

Against ordinary cultivators, these flaws might not matter, but to Li Fan, the Splitting Light Dragon-Trapping Formation they had cast was riddled with weaknesses.

After breaking out of the Formation, Li Fan immediately retaliated.

First, he activated the "Shrouding the Sky-Palm" secret technique to conceal the sky, isolating the area from any outside detection. Then, using the "Deception" artifact he had purchased from the Tianxuan Mirror, he disrupted their talisman communication.

Next, he set up the "Explosive Method: Shocking Divine Formation", temporarily boosting his techniques to the Nascent Soul stage. He then used the Splitting Light Formation to trap them.

"When I was at the Foundation Establishment stage, I could already slay Nascent Soul cultivators."

"Now, with my cultivation at the late Golden Core stage, you four are nothing but easy prey!"

"Sky-Flipping!"

A massive hand descended from the sky. Trapped within the golden bowl, the four cultivators were like fish in a barrel, with nowhere to run.

The snow peak emitted a biting chill, the misty forest filled with ghostly wails, the towering mountain rushed towards them, and smoke rose from the plain…

The Cave-Heaven visions evolved as the four cultivators unleashed all their powers.

Four beams of light intertwined and merged, colliding with the Sky-Flipping Palm.

But it was futile!

Like paper, it was instantly torn apart.

The giant palm pressed down, and amid their screams, the four cultivators' bodies shattered inch by inch.

The Cave-Heaven visions reappeared, and their blood and flesh wriggled, reforming their bodies.

The residual force of the Sky-Flipping Palm ignored their bodies and instead smashed into the four Cave-Heavens.

"Boom!"

The Cave-Heavens shook violently, and it seemed like the end of the world had come. Massive cracks appeared in the Cave-Heaven domains as mountains collapsed, trees in the misty forest fell, and the plain split open...

It seemed as though the four Cave-Heavens were about to be completely destroyed in the next moment.

However, the black-clad cultivators were highly coordinated. In this life-and-death moment, none of them hesitated.

They pushed their powers to the limit and, working together, they barely managed to withstand the Sky-Flipping Palm.

The giant palm's shadow dissipated, and the trembling Cave-Heavens slowly began to stabilize.

The four cultivators, still pale and shaken, quickly absorbed the surrounding spiritual energy to heal their injured Cave-Heavens. They also consumed medicinal pills as they searched for Li Fan's whereabouts.

"The power of that technique was immense. Li Fan must have expended a great deal of energy as well. We should seize this opportunity to break the Dragon-Trapping Formation!"

"This person is not as simple as he appears. He may have already recovered from his injuries."

"Exactly. We must send this information back. He could be the bait set by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance!"

As they hastily healed themselves, they communicated with their spiritual senses.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 477


"Strange, where did he go?" As their injuries slowly healed, the four individuals searched around but couldn't find any trace of Li Fan.

"Could he have exhausted his energy, realized he was no match for us, and retreated first?"

A hint of confusion flashed across the faces of the black-clad cultivators from the Five Elders Association.

"Judging from the power of that palm strike just now, it's very likely. One strike almost shattered our Four Cave-Heavens. Even if he is incredibly strong, using such a technique should have caused considerable backlash."

"That might not be the case. Ancient cultivators are skilled in battle, and it's clear Li Fan was hiding something earlier."

"Either way, let's be cautious. First, we need to break this formation!"

The four exchanged glances and began to attack the Splitting Light Dragon-Trapping Formation that Li Fan had set up.

It seemed as though the formation was no longer controlled by a cultivator, and its previously impenetrable defenses had become incredibly weak.

The massive golden bowl wobbled precariously in an instant.

Overjoyed, the four accelerated their attacks.Just as the formation was completely shattered, a golden rain began to fall from the sky.

The four were enveloped, and dazzling rays of light reflected off the falling gold.

As the golden light shone brightly, they couldn't help but squint.

"Be careful!"

At that moment, the leading cultivator suddenly shouted a warning.

Before the words even left his mouth, accompanied by a booming sound, some of the golden rain around them suddenly exploded.

A terrifying energy surged from the center of the explosion, sweeping in all directions.

There were as many as sixteen or seventeen sources disguised as golden light.

They completely surrounded the members of the Five Elders Association.

"Sky-Shattering Gilded Thunder?!"

Amidst their angry and shocked voices, the spots of gilded thunder instantly transformed into rings of light, completely engulfing them.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

The earth-shattering explosions echoed across the sea.

It was unclear how long had passed before everything settled.

In the shattered remains of their Cave-Heavens, the bodies of the few cultivators began to slowly, painfully regenerate.

"Truly despicable..."

"I knew he hadn't gone far!"

Their faces were full of lingering fear as they quickly scanned the surroundings, but still, there was no sign of Li Fan.

"Don't get tangled up with him anymore. We need to retreat!" The leading cultivator gritted his teeth.

Collecting their Cave-Heavens powers, they no longer cared about anything else and swiftly fled toward the outskirts of Yongliang State on the edge of the Congyun Sea.

They flew for a long time, and the coastline of Yongliang State was already in sight. Li Fan did not reappear.

It seemed as though he had given up chasing them.

The four finally let out a long sigh of relief.

However, recalling their brush with death, something still felt off.

"Sixth Brother, don’t you think Li Fan was deliberately toying with us?"

"......"

The black-clad cultivator, codenamed Sixth Brother, remained silent for a moment before speaking in a deep voice: "I hate to admit it, but based on what happened, something indeed feels strange."

"After that one palm strike, he could have easily used the gilded thunder to end our lives. But he waited until we recovered before attacking again."

"It’s as if he was deliberately giving us a chance to breathe."

Another black-clad cultivator chimed in: "We were severely injured just now. If he had attacked even casually, he could have killed us. But instead, he let us go..."

"What is he up to?"

The four looked at each other, completely baffled.

"This Li Fan is an ancient cultivator who has been in slumber for thousands of years, having only recently awakened. It’s clear that someone like him wouldn’t have much loyalty to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance," Sixth Brother mused aloud.

"You mean..." The other three’s eyes lit up.

"He figured out that we are from the Five Elders Association and wants to build good relations, so he spared our lives?"

"Very possible."

"So that's it!"

"Does that mean we can convince him to defect and join the Five Elders Association?" Sixth Brother suddenly had a clever idea.

"According to the information we gathered, he was the one who first derived the prophecy of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking and the Unification of the Xuan-huang Realm. If we can win him over, not only will we avoid punishment for failing this mission, but we could also claim a great reward."

Hearing this, the others were tempted.

But in the end, reason prevailed over their desires.

The leading cultivator said, "Let’s return and report this first."

"This person exudes strangeness, and we can't take any chances," another black-clad cultivator nodded in agreement.

Sixth Brother sighed, feeling a sense of loss: "It’s a shame. This person’s whereabouts are unpredictable. Tracking him will be quite difficult."

Another person added: "Yes, if it hadn’t been for this mission and our coincidental encounter with him, we might never have gotten the chance."

"After all, he is a cultivator from the **Heavenly Mechanism Sect, proficient in the art of deduction. It's normal for him to counter and block deduction spells."

As they spoke, they drew closer to Yongliang State.

Gradually, they sensed something was wrong with their surroundings.

Although the coastline seemed just within reach, no matter how much they flew, they remained over the Congyun Sea, unable to close the distance.

Even more terrifying, the scene of Yongliang State appeared blurry upon closer inspection!

It was as if it wasn’t real, but merely an illusion.

The four stopped flying, their faces growing solemn as they stared ahead.

Moments later, the leading black-clad cultivator gasped in shock: "No! It's an illusion!"

"What?" The others were stunned, and after a moment of realization, they began to re-examine their surroundings in horror.

The clouds, wind, and waves...

Everything around them suddenly froze.

Then, like a cracked glass mirror, the entire scene shattered.

The sound of the Sky-Shattering Gilded Thunder echoed faintly in their ears, and their Cave-Heavens and bodies remained utterly wrecked, still drenched in blood.

Time had not moved since the moment Li Fan had ambushed them with the gilded thunder.

"He took advantage of the moment when our Cave-Heavens were under attack and our minds were confused to pull us into an illusion!"

Sixth Brother finally realized and cried out in shock.

"Deduction techniques, formations, illusions..."

"As expected of an ancient cultivator."

The leading cultivator coughed and remarked through gritted teeth.

He tried to draw on his Cave-Heavens, absorbing the surrounding spiritual energy, but was horrified to find that an array had already been set up, turning the entire area into a spiritual vacuum.

There was no way for Nascent Soul cultivators to quickly restore their bodies using their Cave-Heavens power.

"Impressive technique!" He stared into the sky.

There, Li Fan's figure slowly appeared.

There, Li Fan’s figure slowly emerged.

“Was it just a coincidence…” Li Fan frowned slightly, muttering softly.

With his skills, he could have easily slaughtered the four cultivators from the Five Elders Association long ago.

The reason he had gone through so much effort was to use the Cloud and Water Illusion Technique to probe their minds and discover how they had noticed him this time.

However, what he hadn’t expected was such an absurd answer.

Without further hesitation, the Five Elements Annihilation Sword swept out continuously.

The four cultivators from the Five Elders Association, already seriously injured, resisted briefly before meeting a tragic end under Li Fan's sword.

An ominous phenomenon of fallen cultivators appeared above them, but Li Fan paid it no mind.

Because he had just realized that during his fight with the Five Elders Association cultivators, a powerful suction had erupted from the giant whirlpool at the bottom of the sea, pulling Han Yi, who had been restrained by the Insect Binding, into a deep hole within the ruins.

“Fate…”

Li Fan stood before the whirlpool, a contemplative look in his eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 478


"I’ve always been careful, but this time I was accidentally discovered by a spy from the Five Elders Association."

"And Han Yi, who was originally doomed to have his soul searched, managed to escape because of it."

"Those with favorable fortune find everything goes smoothly; those with unfavorable fortune find everything goes wrong."

"This is the power of Fate…"

Li Fan finally began to understand the pain Song Yang experienced in the Fallen Immortal Realm when he sought the Heavenly Fate Mystic Bird from Xu Ke.

Gazing at the rapidly rotating vortex amidst the ruins, Li Fan hesitated for a moment but ultimately decided not to pursue it.

A deep sense of foreboding told him that forcibly chasing it would lead to no good outcome.

The depths of the vortex were absolutely not ordinary small mortal worlds, devoid of extraordinary power, like the worlds of Outer Realm or Great Xuan.

"Forget it, the monk may run, but the temple won't disappear."

The target was locked by the formless killing intent, but he had temporarily lost track of Han Yi.Once Han Yi returned to the Xuanhuang Realm, Li Fan would immediately be alerted.

He returned to the surface of the sea, where the four cultivators from the Five Elders Association had been utterly annihilated by the Five Elements Annihilation Sword, leaving not a trace behind.

Li Fan took out the Image Recording Stone, capturing the scene in the sky before leisurely heading back to Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

The simultaneous fall of four Nascent Soul cultivators was a spectacular sight, and the strange phenomenon lingered for a long time.

Even though this part of the sea was remote, it still attracted many cultivators who came to observe.

After seeing the vision, they were shocked.

Four Nascent Soul True Lords had fallen at once!

What shocked them even more was that the culprit was the same person.

And that person was none other than the famous deduction master of Congyun Sea, an ancient cultivator of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, Li Fan!

Their hearts were filled with even more confusion.

Wasn't Li Fan said to have had his cultivation drop to the Golden Core stage after being in slumber for thousands of years?

How could he single-handedly kill four Nascent Soul cultivators?

Wasn't he only skilled in deduction? How could his combat strength be so terrifying?

These four Nascent Soul cultivators were unfamiliar; no one had ever heard of them. Who were they?

And what kind of enmity did they have with Master Li, leading him to kill them?

With countless doubts, they hurriedly spread this explosive news to their friends and acquaintances.

Soon, word of Li Fan's slaying of four Nascent Soul cultivators spread throughout Congyun Sea.

At the Martial Hall on Ten Thousand Immortal Island:

"Are you here to claim a reward?" The receptionist cultivator looked at Li Fan, puzzled. "What reward?"

"I remember that there is a reward for successfully killing spies from the Five Elders Association, right?" Li Fan patiently asked.

As he spoke, he took out the Image Recording Stone and played the footage he had just recorded.

"I killed four Nascent Soul cultivators from the Five Elders Association," Li Fan said seriously.

"Cough, cough…" The cultivator at the Martial Hall immediately coughed violently.

He snatched the Image Recording Stone, watching it repeatedly in disbelief.

After a while, he looked at Li Fan, shocked, and said, "You… please wait a moment!"

With that, he staggered and hurried into the depths of the Martial Hall.

"What did you say?" Voices of astonishment could faintly be heard.

Not long after, Li Fan was respectfully invited into the reception hall of the Martial Hall.

Li Fan sat down casually.

Before long, a group of cultivators poured into the hall.

"Master Li, we have just confirmed that the images in the recording are authentic," said a Nascent Soul cultivator dressed in yellow robes, still with traces of blood on him, standing before Li Fan with some trepidation.

"May I ask, have you recovered your former cultivation level?" he asked, looking at Li Fan expectantly.

Li Fan took a sip of spiritual tea, savoring it before putting down the cup. He shook his head slowly and said, "Recovered my full cultivation? No, of course not! I'm still at the late stage of Golden Core, isn't it obvious?"

The hall fell into sudden silence.

"This…" The yellow-robed cultivator was dumbfounded.

After a moment, he asked somewhat irritably, "Then how did you kill those four Nascent Soul cultivators from the Five Elders Association?"

Li Fan slammed his hand on the table, startling everyone. He swept his gaze over them disdainfully and said, "What era are we living in? Do you think killing someone requires personal combat?"

"During ancient times, sects guarded their resources selfishly, raising prices for their own gain. High-level artifacts, talismans, and such were extremely expensive, and difficult to obtain."

"But now, with the Immortal Alliance controlling half of the Xuanhuang Realm, and the Tianxuan Mirror coordinating everything, there’s no more hoarding of treasures by greedy merchants."

"Nowadays, high-damage, disposable artifacts, formation, and talismans are as cheap as dirt!"

Li Fan shook his head, saying, "Having just woken up from slumber, naturally, I needed to secure my survival. It's only sensible to buy some of these items for emergencies, right?"

After Li Fan's explanation, the yellow-robed cultivator finally understood. He was dumbfounded and said, "So, you relied on external objects to kill these four Nascent Soul cultivators?"

Li Fan raised an eyebrow. "What, you don’t believe me?"

With a casual gesture, he pulled out several Sky-Shattering Gilded Thunders from his storage ring and placed them on the table.

The Martial Hall became chaotic in an instant.

Li Fan, however, didn’t stop.

Furious Flames Annihilation formation, Eight Desolations Silent Thunder, Soul-Fixing Needle, Demon Sealing Banner...

One by one, valuable and powerful killing tools were taken out and piled before the crowd.

The Martial Hall fell completely silent.

The cultivators present turned pale as they stared at the pile of single-use weapons, stacked like a small mountain.

"And with these, is it enough?" Li Fan asked casually.

"If not, it’s fine, I’ve got even more powerful ones," he added indifferently.

The yellow-robed cultivator wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and quickly said, "That’s enough! That’s enough! Master Li, please put these things away! If they accidentally went off here, it would be a disaster!"

Hearing this, Li Fan nodded in satisfaction and waved to store his weapons back.

Seeing this, the cultivators in the Martial Hall finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Although these weapons were mass-produced by the Tianxuan Mirror and their power reduced, their high quality and sheer quantity made up for it.

If these were unleashed, not even a Nascent Soul cultivator, maybe even a Soul Transformation True Monarch, would survive!

"It’s said that this man, with his deduction abilities, can easily accumulate wealth. Now I see it’s true."

"Being rich is truly a blessing. This pile of items is worth more than our team’s half-year budget."

"I heard you can invest through He Zhenghao? Maybe we should consider it."

…

For a while, the crowd in the Martial Hall was lost in thought.

"Now that everything's clear, let's discuss my reward."

"I spent quite a bit of money dealing with those black-clothed cultivators from the Five Elders Association. I shouldn’t be left at a loss, right?"

Li Fan took another sip of tea and glanced at the group slowly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 479


In the Martial Hall, the cultivators exchanged glances, suddenly finding themselves in a bit of a predicament.

Indeed, according to the rules, any cultivator affiliated with the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance could apply for certain rewards from the Martial Hall if they managed to kill a member of the Five Elders Association.

Killing four opposing Nascent Soul cultivators was a significant achievement no matter which region it occurred in.

However, this young master before them had gone too far. The four cultivators from the Five Elders Association were obliterated to the point that not even their remains were left.

Not to mention the valuable bodies, limbs, or remnants of their souls.

While the battle results were impressive, the actual significance wasn’t as great.

If they didn’t give a reward, the news would spread, tarnishing their reputation.

If they did reward him, the Martial Hall in Congyun Sea was already tight on budget this year.

If they allowed Li Fan to take such a large sum, how would the rest of the brothers survive for the remainder of the year?

Moreover, Master Li Fan didn’t seem to be someone in need of contribution points.Even if the Martial Hall gave a generous reward, it likely wouldn’t satisfy his appetite.

More importantly, this person was now quite renowned, and trying to suppress or force him to "voluntarily" give up the reward wasn’t an option.

Thus, how to structure the reward in a way that satisfied both parties was indeed a challenging issue to discuss.

Li Fan sat there, calm and composed, giving the impression that he wouldn’t leave until he received a satisfactory result.

The cultivators of the Martial Hall frowned slightly, secretly transmitting messages to discuss.

After several rounds of negotiation and probing, they finally reached a conclusion that pleased everyone.

With this outstanding achievement, Li Fan was appointed as a Special Deacon of the Martial Hall, officially entering the system of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

All his rewards were given in the form of contributions points.

After the cultivators of the Martial Hall calculated, they determined that this was enough to raise Li Fan’s authority level to Level 16 in one go.

To put it into perspective, a typical cultivator within the system would need at least thirty-four years of hard work to reach this level.

Yet Li Fan achieved it in an instant.

The number of contribution points no longer mattered to Li Fan; receiving contribution points was an outcome he couldn’t have hoped for more.

Thus, Li Fan readily agreed.

What followed was completing the necessary procedures in collaboration with the Martial Hall.

The Martial Hall submitted the request, and the Political Hall swiftly approved it.

After going through the formalities at the Jade Platform of Heart Inquiry, Li Fan officially became a member of the Martial Hall in Congyun Sea.

Then came the distribution of merit points.

After Li Fan left the central core area of Ten Thousand Immortal Island, apart from the aura of being an Ancient Cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, skilled in deduction, he also gained another layer of identity: A member of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance system, with Level 16 authority.

"Now that I’m under the protection of an official title, even if someone wants to act against me, they can't do it openly."

As Li Fan walked along, he felt much safer.

Having gone through several lifetimes within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, Li Fan had come to deeply understand the importance of order and rules in the current Immortal Alliance.

Even a Dao Integration Immortal Sage, if they violated the rules, would face consequences.

The case of Guan Xingxiu, who lost a layer of cultivation and was exiled to Lanlin Prefecture, was a vivid example from the previous lifetime.

Having an official position in the system was undoubtedly an additional protective talisman.

However, to temporarily extricate himself from the commotion caused by killing four Nascent Soul cultivators, Li Fan immediately secluded himself in the Tianxuan Mirror.

A Golden Core cultivator slaying Nascent Soul cultivators, especially in a four-on-one situation, was an extraordinary feat.

Such an event would cause an explosion of discussions.

There was no need to intentionally stir the pot; the cultivators themselves eagerly discussed and spread the story of this miraculous event.

Some doubted it, others were curious.

And some, itching for a fight, wanted to challenge Li Fan themselves.

But when they learned that Li Fan had purchased a "Sharp Weapon" from the Tianxuan Mirror to kill the four Nascent Soul cultivators, their reactions were strikingly unanimous.

"Money really is a wonderful thing!"

Yes, for some reason, the secret of the assassination, which should have been highly classified and known only to the cultivators in the Martial Hall, spread just as quickly as the news of Li Fan’s achievement.

The truth behind the incident had spread across all the regions of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, along with Li Fan’s reputation.

Regardless of their opinion on Li Fan, cultivators admired his ability to lead everyone toward wealth.

As a result, the number of cultivators seeking advice from He Zhenghao surged.

Even Daoist He became somewhat famous among the cultivators.

But amidst all the external chaos, Li Fan paid no attention.

He cut off all communication with the outside world and immersed himself in cultivation within the Tianxuan Mirror.

Time flew by, and before long, the end of the ninth year arrived.

The August period of the previous year, when Li Fan last entered the Fallen Immortal Realm, had passed, and he was suddenly awakened from seclusion by a premonition.

"Mr. Bai, the Creation Furnace Technique…"

A glimmer of anticipation flashed in Li Fan’s eyes. After a bit of preparation, he chanted, "Blessings to the Heavenly Venerable Of Xuanhuang"."

In an instant, the scene before him blurred.

When he regained clarity, he found himself once again in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

The first thing Li Fan did after entering the Fallen Immortal Realm was not to observe his surroundings but to recall the teachings of Mr. Bai’s Creation Furnace Technique in his mind.

The brilliant words immediately resurfaced, allowing him once again to witness the Supreme Path and Profound Art.

Li Fan was captivated, completely immersed.

"Marvelous!"

He sighed once more in admiration.

"Little Black, you’re finally awake?"

At that moment, an ill-timed voice dragged him out of that wonderful state.

It was Xu Ke’s somewhat foolish voice.

Feeling a wave of annoyance, Li Fan swiped at Xu Ke's head with a claw.

Scanning the surrounding environment, he noticed that it was different from the landscape of the Beast Taming Sect where he had previously been.

"What happened after I fell into slumber?" Li Fan asked Xu Ke through telepathy.

"Eh? Little Black, you can finally talk?" Xu Ke, looking surprised and a bit slow-witted, asked cheerfully.

After scratching his head a few more times, Xu Ke finally recounted the entire story to Li Fan.

It turned out that after Li Fan swallowed Song Yang's Ink Immortal Tiger and fell into a deep slumber, Xu Ke followed the jade token’s guidance from Senior Brother Lu Ya and successfully met with Lu Ya and the Wise Beast Emperor Sanmo.

When the Emperor Sanmo saw the sleeping Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird, he said some cryptic words and then inserted a strand of white hair into Li Fan's body.

After that, Li Fan fell into an even deeper sleep atop Xu Ke’s head.

He only woke up now.

"So, you're saying I've been asleep for three years?"

"And you've come to this valley world to search for a creature called the Rift Whale?"

Li Fan asked in a deep voice.

"That's right! Little Black, you wouldn’t believe how hard it is to find this big guy. Even though it's massive, it hides in the clouds and can even conceal its form."

"Normal detection spells and magic tools are completely useless. It’s really hard to find," Xu Ke complained.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 480


“To encounter them, it's entirely up to luck. You have to fly into each patch of cloud and investigate personally.”

Xu Ke sighed, touching a colorful pouch hanging at his waist, muttering, “Even finding them isn’t enough, we still need to figure out how to catch them.”

“These creatures, despite their large size, are actually more agile than eels.”

“If there’s even the slightest movement nearby, they’ll vanish into thin air. Several times, I was so close to catching them, yet they still managed to escape.”

“Sigh, I don’t know when I’ll be able to complete the task that Senior Brother Lu Ya assigned to me. It’s the first time he’s entrusted me with something this important. I can’t afford to mess it up.”

...

As Xu Ke rambled on, Li Fan listened quietly, deep in thought.

According to Xu Ke’s description, the Rift world Whales at this time were quite different from the ones Li Fan had encountered thousands of years later.

Not only were they several times larger, but their temperament had also changed, becoming less timid and even highly aggressive.

“They seem more like a subspecies with different traits.”“With Xu Ke’s luck, capturing a group of Rift Whales shouldn’t be too difficult.”

“Once he catches enough of them, using the techniques of the Beast Taming Sect for selective breeding…”

Recalling a conversation he had overheard between Lu Ya and Emperor Sanmo in his past life, Li Fan’s mind began to ponder.

“Is capturing Rift Whales actually something Mr. Bai requested?”

“Could it be that the group of Rift Whales roaming outside the small world was also his doing?”

Li Fan tugged on Xu Ke’s hair in frustration, feeling increasingly confused.

When he first saw the group of Void Rift Whales pushing the mortal small world away from the cultivation world, Li Fan had once lamented, “Just how much did those ancient cultivators hate mortals?”

From his then single-minded pursuit of immortality, separating mortals from the cultivation world and cutting off their path to immortality seemed like a punishment.

But now, after experiencing many things in the cultivation world and understanding how cultivators treated mortals, Li Fan had begun to have different thoughts.

Cultivators saw mortals as ants, taking what they wanted from them at will.

They even treated them like livestock, using formations to extract their life essence.

And that was now, when mortals carried the Immortal-Mortal Plague, which restrained some of the cultivators’ behaviors.

In the ancient cultivation world, mortals’ suffering was even worse.

They were used as ingredients for refining [Longevity Fruits], and when cultivators fought each other, they wouldn’t care at all about the lives of mortals...

Escaping the control of immortals might not be such a bad thing for mortals after all.

“Could it be that, as the orphans of Ningyuan City said, Mr. Bai is truly a great benefactor with the world in his heart?”

This thought couldn’t help but emerge in Li Fan’s mind.

“Whatever the truth is, I can’t draw conclusions yet.”

“I need to gather more information.”

With that, Li Fan scratched Xu Ke hard again, urging him to hurry up and find the Rift Whales.

Meanwhile, Li Fan nestled in Xu Ke’s hair, practicing the “Creation Furnace Technique” while also using the [Heaven's Mandate is Mine] secret art.

He helped Xu Ke consolidate his luck.

Despite repeated failures, Xu Ke, usually carefree, started to grow anxious.

“Rift Whales, Rift Whales, where are you?!”

He kept mumbling, his eyes filled with desperation.

Li Fan suddenly lifted his head.

He noticed that the purple aura of luck above Xu Ke’s head had dispersed slightly with his murmuring, though where it went, he couldn’t tell.

The disappearance of luck had an immediate effect.

Whereas before they might have seen traces of the Rift Whales once every ten days or so, now sightings became more frequent.

Through repeated attempts, Xu Ke slowly figured out a way to approach the Rift Whales without being detected.

However, capturing a mythical beast with the [Ten Thousand Beasts Bag] was no easy task.

Especially for someone like Xu Ke, who was a novice.

After a prolonged struggle, the whale still managed to escape.

Drenched in sweat and nearly exhausted, Xu Ke slumped to the ground, filled with frustration.

But soon, he regained his spirit and set off again to find the next Rift Whale.

With his relentless efforts, the pillar of purple-gold luck continued to dwindle.

The depletion was much faster than what Li Fan could replenish using the secret technique.

Eventually, it appeared slightly dimmer than before.

But it wasn’t all in vain.

Four months later, after enduring countless hardships, Xu Ke finally managed to capture a Rift Whale.

The [Ten Thousand Beasts Bag] floated quietly in the air, no longer shaking violently.

Xu Ke grabbed it tightly, shouting in excitement.

“I’ve finally completed the task! Now I can go back and report to Senior Brother Lu Ya!”

“Xiao Qing! Let’s go home!” Xu Ke called out his Azure Luan Bird, joyfully hopping onto its back.

Li Fan’s gaze sharpened as he focused on the bird, carefully examining it.

The Azure Luan Bird, however, completely ignored Li Fan, affectionately rubbing its neck against Xu Ke instead.

It then spread its wings and flew off toward the heavens.

“To think that, thousands of years later, it would be transformed into the empire’s [Holy Master],” Li Fan mused, sensing the familiar aura around Xiao Qing and confirming his earlier suspicions.

After more than three years apart, the Azure Luan Bird seemed even more majestic than when Li Fan had last seen it in the Immortal Falls Realm.

Not only was it's flight speed several times faster, but during the journey, a faint blue light radiated from it, enveloping both Xu Ke and Li Fan, blocking out the sound of the wind, making the ride more comfortable.

Xu Ke, who hadn’t rested in a long time, fell into a deep sleep on the bird’s back.

Xiao Qing continued to fly diligently.

After watching for a while, Li Fan slowly retracted his gaze.

As the Azure Luan Bird flew higher and higher, Li Fan stood atop Xu Ke’s head and looked down.

Only then did he realize that this small world wasn’t so much a canyon shaped like a thread of sky.

Rather, it looked more like a scar, forcibly carved by a sharp weapon.

Yet, this scar also brought life. Apart from the long fissure, the rest of the world was nothing but scorched earth.

Scarlet flames scorched the ground, and molten lava flowed savagely.

All of these destructive forces were held at bay, unable to cross the fissure.

The power that carved out the canyon lingered, preventing the flames from encroaching.

Thus, amidst this hellish small world, a lush and vibrant paradise had been created.

“Your perspective shapes your answers.”

Li Fan recalled the issue of mortals separating from the Xuanhuang Realm and had a moment of insight.

Passing through an invisible passage in the sky, they returned to the Xuanhuang Realm.

The pale white light slowly faded, and when Li Fan could finally see clearly, he was surprised.

Because they had just flown out of a painting.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 481


A somewhat worn ancient painting hung on the wall.

The scene depicted in the painting was exactly the canyon world where Xu Ke and Li Fan had previously been, capturing the Rift Whale.

In this room, there were over thirty other scrolls hanging on the walls.

What surprised Li Fan was that some of the paintings seemed to be enveloped in a layer of mysterious energy, preventing outsiders from peering into them.

Even with his powers as the "Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird," he could not discern the contents of these paintings.

A Azure luan bird flew out from one of the scrolls, gently placing Xu Ke on the ground. Afterward, it transformed into a streak of green light and disappeared into his embrace.

“Xu Ke is back!” A young cultivator who had been dozing off in the room immediately brightened up and rushed outside, shouting.

In no time, the already cramped room was flooded with a crowd of cultivators.

“It’s good that he’s back. He must have successfully found that Rift Whale, right?”

“The hard days are finally over!”“Yeah, once Xu Ke returns, that guy Lu Ya should head back too, right?”

“That jerk, always bullying people because he has a strange beast! Too outrageous!”

“Senior Brother Liu, last time you sparred with Lu Ya, he didn’t even summon his beast, the ‘Tian Wu,’ and you still ended up begging for mercy!”

“That was a mistake! If I had another chance…”

“Shh! Lu Ya is here!”

“Ah…”

The noisy group instantly fell silent.

They even made way for him, allowing Lu Ya to walk in smoothly.

Lu Ya, with yellow hair and a cold expression, walked straight towards the sleeping Xu Ke, ignoring the varied reactions from the other cultivators around him.

He glanced at Li Fan briefly before his eyes softened when they landed on Xu Ke’s face.

With a gentle wave of his hand, he lifted Xu Ke along with Li Fan.

Striding out of the room, a beast with the body of a tiger and the face of a man appeared in an instant.

“Tian Wu…” The aura emanating from the beast made Li Fan slightly uncomfortable, causing him to instinctively shrink deeper into Xu Ke’s hair.

The tiger-bodied, human-faced beast let out a roar, and Lu Ya leaped onto its back.

The beast Tian Wu glanced around in a show of might before soaring into the sky.

“Three years of hospitality from the Divine Brush Sect, Lu Ya is deeply grateful!”

“One day, I shall repay you all handsomely. For now, I bid you farewell. There’s no need to see me off!”

Lu Ya cupped his hands towards the ground below and spoke in a loud voice.

Without waiting for a response from the Divine Brush Sect, he flew off on Tian Wu, disappearing quickly into the sky.

“Such arrogance! He’s only relying on the power of the Beast Taming Sect!”

“Hmph, Lu Ya’s cultivation is already at the late Nascent Soul stage. With that Tian Wu beast, even our Senior Brother might not be his match.”

“Yeah, but it’s not like we can compete. We can’t just ask the elders to step in, right?”

“Forget it. With our Sect Leader in his current state, our Senior Brother is better off handling things.”

…

Before leaving, Li Fan faintly overheard some of their discussions.

Lu Ya, however, paid no attention and continued flying away with Xu Ke.

The landscape below constantly shifted as they traveled, passing through plains and mountains.

After more than twenty days of travel, the surroundings finally began to look familiar.

They had returned to the territory of the Beast Taming Sect.

“Without the White fog barrier, it was much easier for those in ancient times to travel freely.”

As Li Fan thought this, he sensed that his time in the Fallen Immortal Realm was nearing its end.

Finally, after sleeping throughout the journey, Xu Ke was woken up by Lu Ya.

“Huh? Senior Brother Lu Ya?”

Xu Ke groggily rubbed his eyes and, seeing Lu Ya standing tall with his robes billowing in the wind, asked in confusion.

“Where are we?” Still thinking he was dreaming, Xu Ke glanced around.

Li Fan gave him a sharp claw strike, jolting Xu Ke awake.

“Wow! Beast Taming Sect! I’m back!” Recognizing the familiar surroundings, Xu Ke jumped in excitement.

Lu Ya smiled faintly.

He patted Xu Ke’s head and began asking about his three years of searching for the Rift Whale.

Xu Ke, of course, complained endlessly about his hardships.

After comforting and praising him, Lu Ya’s expression turned serious as he brought up an important matter.

“Next, I have a task of even greater importance for you.”

Hearing that he had to head out again right after returning, Xu Ke's face fell.

However, seeing Lu Ya’s solemn expression, Xu Ke nodded and agreed.

“Senior Brother Lu Ya, what is it?”

“I need you to go to Nanming and deliver something for me,” Lu Ya said gravely.

“Nanming? I think I’ve heard of that place…” Xu Ke scratched his head, pondering for a moment before realizing.

“Oh! It’s the place with lots of demonic beasts, right?”

Just as Li Fan was about to listen more closely, he suddenly noticed the surrounding scenery and sounds becoming blurry.

“This…”

Despite his reluctance, he could not defy the rules of the Fallen Immortal Realm.

In the next moment, after a dizzying sensation, Li Fan returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

“Divine Brush Sect, Nanming…”

Li Fan reflected on his experiences in the Fallen Immortal Realm. After a brief pause, he began searching within the Tianxuan Mirror.

The Divine Brush Sect was a mid-tier sect during ancient times.

They practiced a unique path, using brushes as their primary tool. It was said that both their calligraphy and paintings could communicate with the divine.

The disciples of this sect were all highly skilled in calligraphy and painting, and there were even legends of them bringing creatures to life through their art.

Unfortunately, after several great calamities in the world, very few of their works survived.

Even when Li Fan had visited the Divine Relic Museum, he didn’t find any surviving works from the sect.

In today’s cultivation world, there are few records of Divine Brush Sect cultivators. Most of those mentioned were obscure figures with little fame.

The only notable figure in history was a former Sect Leader, Chu Youhong.

Chu Youhong, at the Nascent Soul stage, took over as Sect Leader on the deathbed order of his predecessor.

Due to his low cultivation level and weak strength, he was often looked down upon by the sect's disciples.

However, out of respect for the Sect Leader’s title, there was no open rebellion.

Chu Youhong didn’t seem to mind and treated the disciples kindly, never displaying the authority of a Sect Leader.

Despite this, he diligently fulfilled his duties as Sect Leader.

He managed all sect affairs personally, no matter how small.

Externally, he maintained good relations with many neighboring sects.

Thanks to his tireless efforts, the Divine Brush Sect gradually recovered from the leadership crisis that followed the sudden death of the previous Sect Leader.

Through these accomplishments, the disciples slowly began to recognize Chu Youhong’s leadership.

And when one of Chu Youhong’s mortal disciples surpassed him in cultivation, becoming incredibly powerful, Chu Youhong’s position as Sect Leader was finally secured.

Just as things were looking up for the Divine Brush Sect, a disaster struck.

The talented disciple, the Sect’s Senior Brother, was actually a spy sent by another sect—the “Pointillism Sect.”

His target was the Divine Brush Sect’s most prized artifact, the “Heavenly Painting Brush.”

One night, with inside help from the spy, the Pointillism Sect launched a surprise attack on the Divine Brush Sect.

The Divine Brush Sect suffered heavy casualties, nearly facing total annihilation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 482


Just as the disciples of the Divine Brush Sect were falling into despair, an event occurred that filled them with even greater anger.

Sect Leader Chu Youhong, disregarding the lives of his disciples, fled with the treasured [Heavenly Painting Brush] and a significant portion of the sect's treasury, escaping into the void.

While his departure did divert some of the attention from the attacking Pointillism Sect, as the head of the sect, such a lack of responsibility was unforgivable.

Those who were still alive and desperately fighting for their lives felt immense hatred towards Chu Youhong.

Had the enemy not been so ruthless, leaving no survivors, many of them might have surrendered on the spot and switched sides to join the Pointillism Sect.

In this battle, almost the entire Divine Brush Sect was annihilated, with only Chu Youhong and a few lucky survivors escaping with their lives.

Although the Pointillism Sect failed to seize the Heavenly Painting Brush, they annexed much of the Divine Brush Sect's lands and resources, greatly strengthening their position. They quickly rose to become one of the most prominent sects in the region, their reputation growing significantly.

As for Chu Youhong, he disappeared from the world along with the Heavenly Painting Brush, seemingly vanishing without a trace.

Twenty years later, one of the surviving disciples from the Divine Brush Sect encountered Chu Youhong and furiously confronted him, demanding to know why he abandoned the sect and fled alone.

Chu Youhong, without any hint of remorse, spoke words that would be remembered throughout the history of the Xuanhuang Realm:"Even if all of you died, it wouldn't matter."

"As long as I'm alive, the Divine Brush Sect still exists."

"My master entrusted the Divine Brush Sect to me before his death, and I will not allow it to be destroyed in my hands."

Chu Youhong's expression was one of complete righteousness.

The disciple, hearing this, was left speechless. Though he wanted to argue, no words came out.

The disciple's earlier resolve for revenge was forgotten as he stood there in a daze, watching Chu Youhong leave gracefully.

Because of these shocking words, they quickly spread throughout the cultivation world at that time.

Some laughed at him, while others saw his statement as profound wisdom.

There were even those who couldn't stand Chu Youhong's actions and wanted to personally confront him.

But after this incident, Chu Youhong disappeared completely, as if he had evaporated from the world. No one ever saw him again.

It wasn't until much later, when a great calamity descended upon the world, and the Pointillism Sect mysteriously collapsed overnight, that people began to suspect that it might have been Chu Youhong's doing.

...

"To be so selfish for the sake of the greater good is indeed something beyond the understanding of ordinary people."

Li Fan pondered deeply, and couldn't help but sigh.

"Perhaps that's why the Pointillism Sect's spy, who had risen to the position of Senior Brother, chose to betray them and seize power."

"Once he recognized the true nature of his master, he realized that inheriting the Heavenly Painting Brush through normal means would be impossible. He had no choice but to take drastic measures."

"Dealing with such an eccentric individual, there really weren't many other options."

Li Fan shook his head slightly and began to search for information about the term "Nanming."

He managed to find some scattered details about "Nanming Demonic Mountain."

However, when he tried to dig deeper, he discovered that his access level wasn't high enough.

"Demonic Mountain..."

"It seems to be related to the lingering demonic beasts in the world."

Li Fan's eyes flickered as he noted it down for later.

Time passed quickly, and soon, ten years had gone by.

This year, aside from occasional minor skirmishes between border states and the Five Elders Association, most regions remained peaceful.

The Congyun Sea was no exception.

As a special associate of the Martial Hall, Li Fan didn't have any specific duties to fulfill.

All he needed to do was drop by the Martial Hall occasionally, have some tea, and check in.

If he was too busy, he could even spend some of his contribution points to have another cultivator handle things for him.

As a result, he lived a fairly leisurely life.

After turning in the third collection of 15 million contribution points—amounting to a total of 23 million points—he handed it over to He Zhenghao.

He Zhenghao stared at the astronomical number of contribution points in disbelief, stunned for the better part of half a day before he finally regained his composure, his eyes red with emotion.

For a brief moment, He Zhenghao entertained the thought of absconding with the points.

However, the thought of whose contribution points these were made him shiver, and he quickly abandoned the idea.

Unless he defected directly to the Five Elders Association, there was no way he'd live long enough to enjoy the wealth.

Regaining his senses, He Zhenghao began returning the contribution points to the investors who had participated in the plan.

The cultivators, pleased with their profits, were ecstatic.

However, what He Zhenghao said next left them feeling both frustrated and disappointed.

"Due to unforeseen circumstances, Master Li's contribution plan will be temporarily suspended."

With a sigh, He Zhenghao explained, "Everyone, please return home. Once the situation settles and Master Li decides to reopen the plan, I will notify you all."

These vague words left much to interpretation.

But it was precisely this ambiguity that fueled their imaginations.

Unforeseen circumstances? Waiting for things to calm down?

This Master Li had been able to defeat even Nascent Soul cultivators with sheer wealth.

Yet now, he was forced to halt the plan due to some external pressure.

"It must have threatened someone's interests. Hmm..."

The gathered cultivators exchanged knowing glances and then fell silent.

Though they were frustrated at missing the chance to get rich, they also felt sympathy for Li Fan.

"Once things return to normal, be sure to notify me first."

In private, each of them made this request to He Zhenghao.

Having received many gifts and made a small fortune, He Zhenghao naturally agreed.

Li Fan's decision to pause the collection of contribution points was partly due to the rapid growth of the points' total, which was becoming a bit overwhelming. He wanted to slow things down temporarily.

But he had also received a warning from within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

"Very well, let's let them wait for a while. I'll resume the plan when it's closer to the Crimson Flame will Burn the Sea."

Li Fan didn't pay much attention to the matter.

As the cultivators who had profited from the fourth investment began spending their contribution points to strengthen themselves, a steady stream of feedback flowed back to Li Fan, enriching his cultivation like rivers flowing into the sea.

Even without actively cultivating, his cultivation level steadily increased each day.

Not to mention that Li Fan had almost never stopped using both Awakening Pills and Enlightenment Pills.

In just one short year, he had made as much progress as an ordinary cultivator would in decades of hard training.

Li Fan felt that his Golden Core was nearly perfected, and it wouldn't be long before he was ready to form a Nascent Soul.

This year, every three months, he made a trip to Shenhua Island to extract some Kunpeng blood essence from Ye Feipeng for his research.

His understanding of the power of Kunpeng bloodlines grew deeper with each visit.

During this time, Li Fan also made another trip to the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Xu Ke, acting on Lu Ya's behalf, needed to deliver a wooden box to the South Ming region.

This wooden box was of great importance, sealed with several different powers.

Li Fan even sensed the aura of the Longevity Beast Emperor, Sanmo, on it.

Thus, Li Fan accompanied Xu Ke throughout the journey, riding the Qingluan Bird.

It seemed that the South Ming region was extremely far from the Beast-Taming Sect.

Time ran out before they could reach their destination, so their journey to the Fallen Immortal Realm had to be cut short.

And so, time moved forward to the eleventh year.

This year, the long-sealed Cloud Water Heavenly Palace would reappear in the world.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 483


Congyun Sea, on a deserted island.

Sikong Yi and Bai Li Chen cautiously surveyed their surroundings. After confirming that no one had followed them, they finally entered their hidden cave abode, which they had carefully constructed.

The interior was small and quite simple. Despite this, Sikong Yi felt unusually secure inside.

Bai Li Chen's clone stood at the entrance, vigilantly on guard. Meanwhile, Sikong Yi himself relaxed completely, lying on the bed and contemplating his future plans.

"If my guess is correct, the strange phenomenon at the center of Congyun Sea should be the precursor to the appearance of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace."

"And the 'Cloud Water Atlas' should be located in these ruins."

"100,000 contribution points," Sikong Yi's eyes glimmered with a hint of desire.

However, a moment later, hesitation clouded his expression.

"The Cloud Water Heavenly Palace likely still has descendants in the world. If I impersonate a disciple and am discovered..."

Just thinking about this made Sikong Yi feel uneasy.Recently, while his clone was practicing the 'Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword' technique, it had unexpectedly sensed that someone else in Congyun Sea was also cultivating the same technique. This was surprising, as he had obtained this Golden Core technique from the remains of a Cloud Water Heavenly Palace disciple many years ago. By all rights, no one else should know of it.

And yet, here it was.

His first reaction was that there must still be descendants of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace alive. He had originally intended to investigate further, but the closer he got to the target location, the stronger the feeling of dread became.

If he had gone, he would have been walking into certain death!

Realizing this, Sikong Yi fled immediately in fear. After narrowly escaping, he found himself unable to eat or sleep peacefully, constantly worried that the person who shared his technique would track him down.

"The Golden Core technique may be precious, but compared to my life, it’s not worth the risk."

After much hesitation, he decided to temporarily suppress the 'Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword' technique, leaving only his pure cultivation power in his dantian. As a result, the strength of his clone significantly weakened. During this time, he acted with extreme caution, rarely leaving the safety of either the Tianxuan Mirror or this secret cave abode.

But now, as the day of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace’s opening approached, his thoughts began to stir again.

"100,000 contribution points, 100,000 contribution points..."

He muttered under his breath, a decisive glint flashing in his eyes.

"That old turtle Taiyi is not in his right mind. I'll hurry to him first, then re-cultivate the 'Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword', disguise myself as a Cloud Water Heavenly Palace disciple, and steal the Cloud Water Atlas."

"Once I leave the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, I'll quickly disperse my cultivation and head to the Tianxuan Mirror to claim my reward. By the time that descendant realizes something's wrong, it will be too late to find me."

"All I need to do is be faster than them."

"Fortune favors the bold!"

Having made up his mind, Sikong Yi let out a long breath and was just about to take a well-deserved rest before his adventure when he suddenly noticed movement at the entrance of the cave.

His face changed dramatically, and he quickly got up, rushing to the entrance, where he and his clone stood on high alert.

"Is Daoist Bai Li present?"

The voice caused Sikong Yi's heart to leap into his throat.

"Who is it? How do they know my identity? And how do they know about this cave abode?"

A flurry of faces flashed through his mind, but he quickly dismissed each one.

Narrowing his eyes, neither Sikong Yi nor Bai Li Chen responded. Instead, they took out their magical artifacts from their storage rings, secretly gathering their strength.

Seeing no reply, the voice outside spoke again, "Hehe, Daoist Bai Li, there's no need to worry. I mean no harm."

"I’ve come uninvited this time simply for the 100,000 contribution points related to the Cloud Water Atlas."

Sikong Yi was shaken to the core by these words. His hands trembled, nearly dropping his magical artifact.

His expression fluctuated wildly, and after thinking it over for a long time, he finally spoke. He controlled his clone to ask in a hoarse voice, "What do you mean?"

The person outside chuckled, "Daoist Bai Li, you don't need to play dumb. Did you really think that no one else besides you knows the origins of the 'Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword'?"

Realizing that the person wasn’t bluffing, Sikong Yi fell silent for a long while before speaking in a low voice, "What do you want?"

"What do I want? That's a funny way to put it." The voice outside laughed, "Naturally, I want a share of the profits. Who wouldn't be tempted by 100,000 contribution points?"

Now that he knew the other person’s intentions, Sikong Yi actually felt somewhat relieved. After pondering it for a while, he finally disabled the entrance's restrictions and, with his clone at his back, stepped out cautiously.

Outside the cave stood a plain-looking middle-aged cultivator with a thin face and a small goatee.

"There's no need to be so tense. I mean no harm. I am Han Wuyou," the middle-aged cultivator said, cupping his hands with a faint smile.

"Say what you came here for!" Sikong Yi was no longer as tense upon seeing that the man only had Qi Condensation cultivation.

After some back-and-forth, Sikong Yi learned the truth of the situation. It turned out that Han Wuyou had accidentally witnessed the battle in which Sikong Yi's clone had used the 'Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword.' Although Han Wuyou's cultivation wasn’t high, he was well-read and had recognized the technique as originating from the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Recently, the strange phenomena at the center of Congyun Sea had caught his attention as well. After observing the scene briefly, he speculated that the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace was about to reappear. He connected this to the mission offering 100,000 contribution points and deduced that Bai Li Chen, having inherited the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace’s legacy, was certain to acquire the Cloud Water Atlas.

This was why he had followed them secretly and came to visit.

"Getting the Cloud Water Atlas is my own skill. Why should I share the profits with you?" Sikong Yi said angrily.

"Hehe, Daoist, you're joking. You wouldn’t want news of your obtaining the legacy of an ancient sect to spread across Congyun Sea, would you?" Han Wuyou stroked his goatee, his eyes flashing with a cold gleam.

Killing intent rose in Sikong Yi’s heart, but before he could act, Han Wuyou continued, "But I don’t intend to take your benefits for nothing."

"You have your path to wealth, and I have my way to the heavens."

"If you're willing to share some of the 100,000 contribution points with me, I also have a good opportunity to offer you."

"With the three of us working together, 100,000 contribution points will just be the beginning!"

Sikong Yi’s interest was piqued. "Explain yourself clearly!"

Han Wuyou smiled slightly and said, "Even if we earn 100,000 contribution points, we’re still small fish. We would burn through it quickly. Isn’t that true?"

Sikong Yi thought for a moment, then nodded. "The speed at which Qi Condensation cultivators can earn contribution points is indeed slow. But once I break through to Foundation Establishment..."

Han Wuyou waved a hand dismissively. "So what if you reach Foundation Establishment? Are there few Foundation Establishment cultivators in Congyun Sea? Aren’t they all still struggling for those meager contribution points? Even for a Foundation Establishment cultivator, earning 100,000 contribution points would take 10 or 20 years, even without eating or drinking."

"Then what brilliant plan do you have?" Sikong Yi asked skeptically.

Han Wuyou raised his head proudly, "Have you ever heard of Master Li Fan?"

Sikong Yi’s body shook as he exclaimed, "You mean, the ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect cultivator, the one renowned for his divination skills and wealth, rivaling nations?"

Han Wuyou nodded, a hint of pride in his voice. "Indeed! I am acquainted with Master Li’s..."

He paused for effect, then added, "friend, Senior He Zhenghao!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 484


Sikong Yi skeptically eyed Han Wuyou, his face full of disbelief: "I've heard of He Zhenghao. Nowadays, he's quite a prominent figure in the Congyun Sea. You're just at the Qi Condensation stage—how could you have any connection with him?"

Han Wuyou stroked his goatee with pride and said, "My methods are far beyond what you can imagine, Daoist friend. How exactly I accomplished it is not convenient to explain, but there's no need for you to doubt its authenticity."

Seeing that Bai Li Chen and Si Kongyi still appeared unconvinced, Han Wuyou sneered, "Well, I knew you wouldn't believe me so easily."

With that, he tossed over a communication talisman. "This is a communication talisman from Senior He Zhenghao. You can try it yourself and see if I'm exaggerating."

Si Kongyi held the talisman with a solemn expression and gently sensed it.

Sure enough, it displayed the image of He Zhenghao.

He tried sending a greeting, but unfortunately, Senior He Zhenghao seemed busy and only responded with an automated reply.

Even so, it confirmed that Han Wuyou wasn’t lying.

Han Wuyou retrieved the talisman and continued his persuasive speech, "The 100,000 contribution points in your hands will be squandered in no time. How much will be left after one year? Two years? Three years?"

"But if entrusted to Senior He Zhenghao, who will pass them to Master Li Fan, it will be a different story. Perhaps you're unaware, but investments handled by Master Li Fan yield at least a 50% return annually."Sikong Yi's breath caught.

Bai Li Chen’s clone couldn't help but exclaim, "50% annual return? How is that possible!"

He quickly calculated, "Doing nothing would earn at least 50,000 points in profit annually."

"And if the profits are reinvested with Master Li, in just six years, 100,000 contribution points will grow to 1,000,000 contribution points..."

"Hiss..."

A million contribution points.

The thought of such a vast number made Sikong Yi feel dizzy.

At one time, he believed that 100,000 contribution points would be the ultimate goal of his life. Who could have imagined that he might one day possess a million?

Once the desire took root, it became impossible to suppress.

Although logic told him such explosive returns were highly unrealistic, the many tales of Master Li Fan’s feats across the cultivation world weren't fabrications.

Master Li was currently at a level that Sikong Yi could not even hope to reach. Who’s to say that such incredible abilities weren’t real?

Sikong Yi’s heart was stirred.

Han Wuyou, noticing the expression on Sikong Yi’s face, knew he had won him over.

"Daoist Han, please come in and explain the details," Sikong Yi invited Han Wuyou into his cave abode, eager to inquire about the specifics of the investment.

As Han Wuyou explained, Sikong Yi listened with increasing excitement, regretting that he hadn't met Han Wuyou earlier, lamenting the missed opportunities for wealth.

"Although I’m eager to immediately hand over the 100,000 contribution points to Master Li for investment, it's still premature."

After a moment of contemplation, Bai Li Chen sighed, "The Cloud Water Heavenly Palace relic has been sealed for thousands of years. The dangers within must be unimaginable. I’m not confident I can successfully retrieve the Cloud Water Atlas."

"Moreover..."

After hesitating for a while, Bai Li Chen decided to tell the truth: "I fear there may still be descendants of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace in the world!"

Han Wuyou's expression changed slightly upon hearing this: "Is that true?"

Bai Li Chen then explained what he had sensed while cultivating the Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword.

Han Wuyou pondered for a moment before slowly saying, "In my opinion, the person may not necessarily be a descendant of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace. It's quite possible they stumbled upon this technique by chance from some relic."

Bai Li Chen smiled bitterly, "Even if that's the case, it can't be proven. To be honest, Daoist Han, I didn't even dare approach the island."

Han Wuyou paced back and forth, seemingly deep in thought.

After a long pause, he spoke, "If you trust me, Daoist, point me to the location of the island. I will take care of this matter for you!"

"However, if I succeed, I want 40% of the 100,000 contribution points!"

Sikong Yi and Bai Li Chen both looked up sharply, staring at Han Wuyou.

After a while, Bai Li Chen said in a deep voice, "If you can truly eliminate that cultivator of the Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword, then what’s the harm in giving you 40%?"

"Deal!"

Afterward, Sikong Yi took Han Wuyou to the vicinity of the island.

"What do you think?"

"There’s indeed a dangerous aura lurking on the island." After observing for a while from afar, Han Wuyou frowned.

"However..." Han Wuyou's tone suddenly changed, "It's not a big problem!"

Si Kongyi was surprised.

Han Wuyou coldly remarked, "In today's cultivation world, the lives of cultivators may not be as valuable as you think."

"Daoist, return to your cave and await my good news!" With that, Han Wuyou cupped his hands and departed swiftly.

Si Kongyi watched him leave, his expression unreadable.

Instead of returning to his cave, he hid near the island, waiting in ambush.

Three days later, a shadow moved swiftly toward the island.

Simultaneously, a cultivator flew out from the island to confront the figure.

After a brief standoff, they engaged in an intense battle.

The terrifying power of the fight stunned Sikong Yi, who was observing from the shadows.

"Han Wuyou really has some skill. Judging by this level of power, at least a Nascent Soul stage cultivator is involved!" Sikong Yi’s excitement grew.

After watching for a while, he feared being discovered by the powerful combatants and quietly left, returning to his cave.

Two days later, Han Wuyou visited again.

"Daoist Bai Li, you can resume cultivating the Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword now!" Han Wuyou declared proudly.

"I spent a fortune enlisting a senior to handle this matter. Don't let me down during the expedition to Cloud Water Heavenly Palace!" Han Wuyou’s tone was full of meaning.

Bai Li Chen, thrilled, immediately began cultivating again.

His foundation from the 'Taishang Primordial Sutra' was still intact, and within half a day, he had returned to his pre-scattering state.

After sensing his surroundings, he found that the other cultivator who practiced the same technique had indeed disappeared!

"Daoist Han, you truly have impressive methods!" Si Kongyi was overjoyed and grew even more convinced of Han Wuyou's abilities.

Han Wuyou stroked his goatee with satisfaction and said, "In today's cultivation world, brute strength alone won't get you far. You need connections and backing!"

Si Kongyi nodded repeatedly in agreement.

The three of them carefully discussed the plan, and as the day of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace's opening drew closer, their preparations were complete.

Together, they set off for the center of the Congyun Sea.

By then, many cultivators had already gathered outside the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, eager to witness the event.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 485


“With Fellow Daoist Bai Li here, those cultivators are bound to have come all this way for nothing,” Han Wuyou swept his gaze around and said with a smile.

“You can’t say that for sure. Apart from the Cloud Water Talisman, there must be other opportunities within the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace,” Sikong Yi remained calm, staring straight at the increasingly spectacular phenomenon in the sky.

“No matter how great the opportunity, it can’t compare to the Cloud Water Atlas,” Han Wuyou shook his head.

Sikong Yi was a bit surprised, “Why do you say that?”

“Heh, people are only focused on the 100,000 contribution points, blinded by it. They’ve overlooked the true opportunity,” Han Wuyou smiled faintly.

“What’s the most important thing in cultivation? Background! Connections!” He repeated.

“In my view, the true value of the Cloud Water Atlas lies in the chance to establish a connection with the senior who issued the mission.”

“To be able to offer a reward of 100,000 contribution points so casually, this person must be at least at the Soul Transformation stage. Even just having a conversation with him would be hugely different for an ordinary cultivator,” Han Wuyou explained softly.

“If one could obtain a stable way to contact him, it could completely change their fate.”

Sikong Yi, hearing this, seemed lost in thought.After a while, he nodded slowly.

While the three of them were chatting, a blue light swept across the Congyun Sea, signaling the official opening of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Sikong Yi, Bai Li Chen, and Han Wuyou followed the crowd of cultivators and flew inside.

After overcoming several obstacles, they passed the test set by the Qin Hall without much trouble.

However, during their journey deeper inside, for some unknown reason, the three of them caught the attention of another group of cultivators.

In the ensuing chaos, they ended up fighting.

The opponents were numerous and overall stronger.

In the end, Han Wuyou fell under their siege, dying with his eyes wide open in disbelief.

Sikong Yi, relying on the powerful life-saving abilities of the “Stealing the Sky and Changing the Sun Technique,” managed to survive by a stroke of luck.

Barely escaping, he headed towards the location of the Taiyi Hall, feeling utterly cold inside.

“Such is the unpredictability of life. Someone like Fellow Daoist Han, with such promising prospects, died so inexplicably here.”

Recalling Han Wuyou’s confident demeanor from not long ago, Sikong Yi felt a sense of loss.

Though they hadn’t known each other long, Sikong Yi had already regarded him as a close friend.

Alas, the heavens are jealous of outstanding talents!

Sikong Yi subconsciously touched a storage ring in his hand.

It was something he had snatched from Han Wuyou’s body when he saw him beheaded.

Han Wuyou was indeed wealthy, as the ring was filled with various formation diagrams and magical artifacts.

There were also about 10,000 spirit stones worth of contribution points, and most importantly, dozens of communication talismans.

“Connections, background…”

Sikong Yi kept repeating these words in his mind as the sadness in his eyes gradually faded.

“Fellow Daoist Han, rest assured. I will live well on your behalf!”

With Han Wuyou’s death as a sacrifice, the subsequent events unfolded much more smoothly.

After passing the Insect Daoist’s test and enduring the excruciating pain of being pierced by ten thousand swords, Sikong Yi reached the square in front of the Taiyi Hall.

At that moment, there was only silence around him; he was the only one present.

Suppressing his excitement, Sikong Yi controlled his doppelganger and activated the “Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword.”

“Direct disciple of the 165th generation of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, Bai Li Chen, requests an audience with Patriarch Taiyi!”

He shouted loudly.

The ground trembled, and he finally succeeded in tricking the half-conscious tortoise-snake monster into giving him the Cloud Water Atlas.

After requesting to be teleported out of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, Sikong Yi maintained a composed expression and headed straight for the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

With a series of narrow escapes, he successfully returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

The Clone, Bai Li Chen, chose to submit the mission.

“Unable to verify the authenticity of the ‘Cloud Water Atlas,’ please wait.”

The Tianxuan Mirror’s response made Sikong Yi’s heart skip a beat.

“Even the Tianxuan Mirror can’t verify it? Besides the miniature landscape, what else is the Cloud Water Atlas used for?” Sikong Yi didn’t have time to ponder further, as the next message from the Tianxuan Mirror shook him to his core.

“The task issuer… requests to visit your space. Do you accept?”

“It’s here! It’s happening!” Sikong Yi was stunned for a moment, then his heart started pounding violently.

His blood boiled, and Han Wuyou’s words resurfaced in his mind.

“The real opportunity is in connections!”

His mind raced with countless thoughts.

Taking a deep breath to calm himself, Sikong Yi said in a low voice, “I accept.”

Moments later, an elderly man with graying hair and a kind face appeared before him.

Sikong Yi bent over respectfully, nervously handing over the seven-colored model with trembling hands.

The elder took the Cloud Water Atlas, observing it closely, and sighed deeply.

His cloudy eyes kept shifting, as if recalling something.

“What is the current state of the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace?” he asked.

Sikong Yi swallowed, stammering as he answered.

The elder, seemingly unbothered by Sikong Yi’s nervousness, occasionally nodded as he listened to the description.

After Sikong Yi finished speaking, the space within the Tianxuan Mirror fell into a long silence once more.

Looking at the still, contemplative elder before him, Han Wuyou’s words echoed again in Sikong Yi’s mind.

“In today’s cultivation world, mere bravery and combat prowess are useless. You need background, you need connections!”

His heart beat faster and faster until he couldn’t hold back any longer.

Summoning his courage, he asked, “Senior, is there anything else I can do to serve you?”

The Heavenly Doctor looked up, glancing at Sikong Yi.

Sikong Yi felt as if his heart was suddenly gripped tightly, halting its beat.

His entire body seemed to freeze, his mind ceasing to function.

He didn’t know how long it took before he heard a soft laugh from the other party: “Very well, I do have one more task for you.”

“Go to the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace again and place this item there.”

As he spoke, the elder took out a small white jade statue and handed it to Sikong Yi.

Hearing this, Sikong Yi was ecstatic inside.

But he dared not show any excitement on his face, carefully taking the statue.

Upon closer inspection, the white jade statue didn’t seem to have anything special, except that it looked exactly like the elder before him.

“I will not fail your trust, Senior!” Sikong Yi took the statue and said solemnly.

“As for the reward…” The elder stared at Sikong Yi for a while before speaking slowly, “Another 100,000 contribution points will do!”

With that, Sikong Yi received a notification of 200,000 contribution points being credited to his account.

Sikong Yi’s mind went blank.

It was only long after the elder’s figure had disappeared from the Tianxuan Mirror that he regained his thoughts.

“Just a simple errand, and another 100,000 contribution points!”

“This senior is probably far beyond the Soul Transformation stage!”

“Opportunity, true opportunity!”

“If I relied solely on myself, who knows how long it would take to accumulate 100,000 contribution points! Now, a few words from an influential figure, and they’re mine for the taking.”

“Fellow Daoist Han didn’t deceive me!”

With his heart surging, Sikong Yi seemed to glimpse a bright future ahead and couldn’t help but let out a long, loud laugh.

After calming down, he didn’t dare neglect the old man’s instructions. He immediately headed back to the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

The statue in his storage ring emitted a burst of white light, flying straight into the sky.

It dissolved and disappeared.

With the task completed, Sikong Yi exhaled a long breath of relief and quietly left, seeing no one around.

Shortly after, outside the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, a hidden figure slowly appeared.

It was Li Fan.

“Heavenly Doctor…”

“Hmph!”

Watching Sikong Yi’s departing figure, he sneered inwardly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 486


Previously, the "Han Wuyou" who visited Sikong Yi was, of course, a clone of Li Fan.

After considerable effort—pretending to demand 40% of the contribution, helping resolve the cultivation technique issue for the fellow cultivator, and strategizing together to explore the Yunshui Celestial Palace—the ultimate goal was to implant a suggestion in his mind.

This suggestion was to prompt him, after completing the first task of the Heavenly Doctor, to voluntarily trigger the mission to transport the white jade statue.

Judging by Sikong Yi's recent actions of shuttling back and forth to the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, it appears that Li Fan's scheme has succeeded.

In this life, he intends to push for a battle between Old Fisherman, Sage, and the Heavenly Doctor.

But all his plans have a major premise: someone needs to deliver the statue of the Heavenly Doctor into the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Only then would the Sage sense the presence of the Heavenly Doctor within the palace and drive his ox cart across the sea.

Such a dangerous mission was certainly not something Li Fan would undertake personally.

The "Four Techniques of Observation, Listening, Inquiry, and Pulse-taking" of the Heavenly Doctor were truly terrifying.

Even a prepared clone might not be able to deceive the Heavenly Doctor.The previous handover of the [Cloud Water Atlas] and gaining 100,000 contribution points made Sikong Yi the ideal candidate for the task.

However, Li Fan wasn't certain if Sikong Yi had received the same request from the Heavenly Doctor to help transport the statue.

To ensure the plan proceeded as intended, the visit of "Han Wuyou" took place.

Even if Sikong Yi or the Heavenly Doctor suspected this mysterious Han Wuyou, Han Wuyou was already dead.

He died within the eerie Cloud Water Heavenly Palace.

Li Fan believed that even for the Heavenly Doctor, tracking this matter might not be straightforward.

Besides, in the eyes of the Heavenly Doctor, Sikong Yi would at most be a greedy cultivator, blinded by profit and eager to latch onto a powerful figure.

He might not even be inclined to investigate further.

Overall, Li Fan's plan was flawless, leaving no trace and eliminating the possibility of being discovered.

It was a perfect scheme.

This was the result of multiple reincarnations, experiencing various possibilities, and mastering a wealth of information.

Others could not replicate it.

Even a strong figure like the Heavenly Doctor had unknowingly fallen into the invisible web Li Fan had woven.

Although the impact was minor, the very act of manipulating a expert even stronger than Dao Integration to act according to one's own expectations was significant in itself.

The gloom in Li Fan's heart was completely dispelled, and the long-standing shadow that had been weighing on him finally began to dissipate.

"No matter how powerful you are, you're still under my control!"

Despite his excitement, Li Fan didn't let this small victory go to his head.

He deeply understood that this minor success was built on the premise of collecting enough possibilities.

Moving forward, his advantage had been exhausted.

What he faced next were unknown variables, requiring him to tread cautiously and carefully.

"It’s better to abandon than to force."

"The Heavenly Doctor is already in place. The next step is to inform Old Fisherman of the Heavenly Fiend Sword being trapped in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace during the 16th year, when the Sage reappears in the world."

"This, too, needs an agent."

In an instant, Li Fan had thought of a suitable candidate.

"Han Yi..."

Sensing the locking force of the Formless Killing Intent, it had been more than a year since Han Yi had returned to the Xuanhuang Realm from the Sea Swirl.

It seems his adventures have yielded substantial gains this time.

"No worries, he won't escape my grasp."

Li Fan gazed for a moment at the towering Cloud Water Heavenly Palace in the sky, then collected his thoughts and quietly returned.

...

Shenhua Island.

Ye Feipeng had been feeling quite pleased recently.

The Immortal Master, who had brought them to this island and then ignored them for a long time, suddenly reappeared.

Moreover, he even checked the cultivation progress of the children on the island.

Those who cultivated diligently and made unexpected progress were rewarded with spirit stones and elixirs.

Those who were lazy or stagnant in their cultivation were punished by having to fight the "Evil Puppet" for three days and three nights.

Although it was called a fight, it was actually a one-sided beating.

The "Evil Puppet" was what the children privately called the puppet that looked dull and foolish.

Initially, they thought the puppet would be easy to handle.

After cultivating for a while, some children became eager to challenge it.

The first one to step forward was Sun Erlang, who was naturally talented and proficient in martial arts.

Within half a year, he had advanced from an ordinary person to the mid-stage of Qi Condensation.

Coupled with his martial prowess, he could exert double his combat power.

In their usual sparring sessions, almost no one on the island could last a single round against him.

Gradually, his confidence swelled, and in front of everyone, he was the first to challenge the Tianyang Puppet.

The result was predictable.

Tianyang, following Li Fan’s instructions, beat him senseless without causing fatal injuries or harming his cultivation foundation.

While being extremely precise in his attacks, he made Sun Erlang truly understand what it meant to be deceived and outmatched.

It seemed that Tianyang was just slightly stronger than Sun Erlang, and that with a little more effort, he could be defeated.

Tianyang continuously lured Sun Erlang into attacking again and again.

But every time, at the critical moment, Sun Erlang failed.

With a strong desire to win, Sun Erlang fought until he was exhausted and passed out before the fight ended.

The next day, after waking up, Sun Erlang had an epiphany.

He went into seclusion for seven days and nights, and actually broke through to the late stage of Qi Condensation.

Overjoyed, he decided to regain his dignity and challenged Tianyang again.

The result...

He still lost by just a little!

The children on the island all noticed something was off.

This seemingly honest and simple puppet was actually toying with them!

Angry, Sun Erlang fainted again from the beating.

In the following days, no matter what level of cultivation the children displayed in their fights against Tianyang, the puppet only used slightly superior strength.

Some children, unable to accept it, called Tianyang a big villain.

Others gradually realized that Tianyang was the perfect sparring partner.

They began seeking him out for continuous battles.

Ye Feipeng was naturally one of them.

In truth, fighting wasn’t his preference, but as the only one on the island practicing "Three Methods Simultaneously," he couldn’t allow himself to be weaker than others.

Unfortunately, his talent wasn’t top-notch. Initially, he could rely on his dual cultivation of physical and spiritual powers to gain an advantage.

But as others' realms gradually increased, Ye Feipeng’s performance in fights against Tianyang also lagged behind.

Just as he was becoming anxious, the Immortal Master appeared.

While being strict with rewards and punishments, he gave Ye Feipeng special attention.

After examining his cultivation progress and conducting a comprehensive check on his body, the Immortal Master concluded that the "Sea-Stabilizing Sword" he was practicing might not be suitable.

So, he removed his cultivation and taught him a new technique called the "Sea Dragon Wandering Technique."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 487


Cultivating the "Sea Dragon Wandering Technique" proved to be much smoother for Ye Feipeng than practicing the "Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword."

On the second day of switching cultivation techniques, he successfully broke through to the mid-stage of Qi Condensation.

Moreover, the elixir provided by the Immortal Master helped him unlock a sliver of hidden power within his body.

After strengthening his physical body, even Sun Erlang, who was at the late stage of Qi Condensation, was no match for Ye Feipeng in actual combat.

Having solidified his position as the "leader of the children" on the island, Ye Feipeng finally felt somewhat relieved.

At the same time, he understood a crucial lesson: to cultivate faster, aside from one's own talent and hard work, it was even more important to please the Immortal Master.

From the Immortal Master’s casual words, Ye Feipeng learned that the Immortal Master seemed to place great importance on the refining progress of the [Beast God Bead].

Thus, in addition to his cultivation, Ye Feipeng never forgot to keep the Beast God Bead with him at all times, carefully comprehending its mysteries.

One day, after falling into a deep sleep while holding the Beast God Bead, he seemed to have a dream.

In the dream, he saw a terrifying nine-headed bird suspended above the sky.Its colossal body nearly filled the entire sky.

Each of its nine heads was devouring something.

With Ye Feipeng’s current knowledge, he recognized struggling and twisted dragon limbs, an entire intact mountain range, and branches of a giant, ash-gray tree...

All around, there were despairing and painful wails, and the world was bathed in blood.

Ye Feipeng’s young mind was deeply shocked by this doomsday-like scene.

He stood there dumbfounded, unable to move.

At that moment, one of the nine-headed bird's heads seemed to notice his presence.

Its eyes slightly moved, casting a gaze upon him as if looking at food.

Terrified by being stared at by this fierce beast, fear instantly overwhelmed Ye Feipeng’s mind.

Under the shadow of the nine-headed bird, it seemed that in the next moment, he would be swallowed whole.

Just then, a loud and distant cry echoed in his ears.

It seemed to come from the deep sea, yet also from the sky.

The cry was full of defiance and anger.

With his eyes turning blood-red, Ye Feipeng’s previously frozen body immediately returned to normal.

Attracted by this inexplicable cry, the nine heads in the sky simultaneously turned towards the source.

Ye Feipeng woke up from his nightmare.

Panting heavily, he wiped the cold sweat off his forehead and recalled the scenes he had seen in his dream.

“That nine-headed bird must be the mythical beast sealed within the Beast God Bead.”

“But what was that cry I heard afterwards?”

Ye Feipeng’s little face was filled with confusion.

However, he knew very well that anything that could catch the attention of the nine-headed bird was definitely not ordinary.

Without mentioning it to anyone else, Ye Feipeng firmly kept this matter in his heart.

In the following days, Ye Feipeng found that his cultivation of the "Creation Furnace Technique" became much more effortless.

The hidden power within his body that used to require cautious effort to tap into was now easily accessible.

He could even ignore some side effects, like dizziness or surging blood, that he previously had to be wary of.

His physical strength was increasing at a frightening pace that even he found alarming, filling his heart with both secret joy and a touch of fear of the unknown.

Therefore, in sparring with his companions, he never used his full strength.

Like the Tianyang Puppet, he only defeated his opponents just enough each time.

And so, more time passed.

One day, the Immortal Master visited the island again.

As usual, he inspected everyone’s cultivation progress. After regarding Xiao Heng, who had been particularly lazy, as an example and scolding him severely,

The Immortal Master brought Ye Feipeng to a secret chamber alone for a closer look.

During the long silence, Ye Feipeng felt somewhat nervous.

In the end, he couldn’t hold back and told the Immortal Master about the dream he had and the changes in his body recently.

After a moment of contemplation, the Immortal Master decided to perform a comprehensive examination on him.

Thus, Ye Feipeng fell into a deep sleep.

When he woke up, he felt slightly weakened.

The Immortal Master, with great concern, handed him another elixir.

After swallowing it, Ye Feipeng immediately felt much more energetic.

“You were too impatient, and in your haste, you were contaminated by the violent energy of the nine-headed bird,” the Immortal Master said in his cold voice.

Ye Feipeng was startled, but hearing the Immortal Master’s next words, he felt a bit relieved.

“Rest assured, I have already expelled it from your body.”

“Thank you, Immortal Master,” Ye Feipeng said gratefully.

The Immortal Master waved his hand. “Although you were reckless, you’ve benefited from this misfortune and even awakened a trace of your ancestral bloodline.”

“Ancestral bloodline?” Ye Feipeng was both surprised and delighted.

“Indeed. Have you ever heard of the ancient mythical beast, Kunpeng?” As he spoke, the Immortal Master pointed forward.

A massive beast, sometimes appearing as a bird, other times as a fish, appeared in the air.

After explaining the power of this Kunpeng beast to Ye Feipeng, the Immortal Master sighed with emotion, “I didn’t expect you to have such a power of an ancient fierce beast in your bloodline.”

“If you can harness this power, your cultivation speed will surpass even those so-called prodigies.”

Seeing the look on Ye Feipeng’s face, the Immortal Master added, “However, everything has its pros and cons. Advancing too quickly could also impact your state of mind. If you can’t control it, it might bring you disaster instead of fortune.”

Ye Feipeng quickly promised, “Immortal Master, rest assured, I will certainly remember your teachings. I will not become arrogant or impatient, and I will cultivate diligently, step by step.”

The Immortal Master nodded slowly, seemingly satisfied with his response.

After receiving a storage ring filled with spirit stones and magical artifacts as a reward, Ye Feipeng left, overjoyed.

Watching Ye Feipeng’s jubilant figure as he left, Li Fan revealed a smile that was neither genuine nor fake.

“I didn’t expect this kid’s awakening of the Kunpeng bloodline in this lifetime to be even faster than I anticipated.”

“The Nine-Headed Divine Bird, huh…”

Li Fan stretched out his right hand.

A wisp of blood-red murderous aura coiled around his fingertips, lingering for a long time.

If you listened carefully, faint cries and wails could be heard coming from it.

Li Fan absorbed the red aura and closed his eyes to carefully comprehend it.

After a while, he suddenly opened his eyes.

In that instant, a strange red light flashed in his pupils.

Li Fan looked at the stone stool in the chamber.

In just a moment, the originally hard stone surface turned pitch-black under Li Fan's gaze.

“It seems that the Nine-Headed Bird's beast soul bead released this unique murderous aura due to the influence of the Kunpeng bloodline.”

“It appears to be the power of the Nine-Headed Bird’s innate divine ability. Unfortunately, the murderous aura is too weak to grasp more than this.”

The strange red light in his eyes faded, and Li Fan felt a tinge of regret.

“Although the beast power cannot be used because of Senior Brother Zhang’s Grand Aspiration Dharma Body,”

“There are still things to learn from it. The divine abilities of mythical beasts may be harnessed by cultivators.”

“All paths originate from the same source, different routes lead to the same destination.”

“Like Han Yi’s technique of controlling fate, which seems to be derived from the Heavenly Fate Mystic Bird.”

Li Fan pondered silently.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 488


Li Fan has undergone a hundred reincarnations, mastering extraordinary divine abilities beyond the imagination of ordinary cultivators.

The Chaos Sutra, Silent Annihilation Sword, Sky-Flipping Palm, Cloud Cluster Sword...

Each one of these techniques has the power to slay enemies far above his own level.

Ordinary demonic beasts' divine abilities did not interest Li Fan, but this nine-headed bird was clearly an exception.

Li Fan had a hunch that the grade of this fierce nine-headed bird might even surpass that of Kunpeng.

"Let’s see what surprises Ye Feipeng can bring me."

After testing the malevolent aura of the nine-headed bird, he took out a mass of Kunpeng blood essence from his storage ring.

Every so often, he would extract a wisp from Ye Feipeng’s body to use for enlightenment.

By now, Li Fan’s research into Kunpeng’s power had achieved initial success.

When he operated the 'Creation Furnace Technique', he still appeared human, but his stomach quietly transformed into the structure of a Kunpeng beast.Sensing the miraculous use of his newly formed Kunpeng stomach for a moment, Li Fan smiled and took out several high-grade spirit stones worth a hundred contribution points each and swallowed them.

Almost instantly, the highly concentrated spiritual energy in the spirit stones was absorbed and consumed by Li Fan.

Compared to the methods of ordinary cultivators, the efficiency was several times higher.

Although not as extreme as the 'Heaven-Devouring and Earth-Eating Technique', it was still extremely astonishing.

"No wonder Ye Feipeng’s cultivation speed accelerated in the previous life. With such a unique ability, it’s truly remarkable."

As the Mountain Sitting Technique circulated, and all the spiritual energy was converted into his own spiritual power, Li Fan took out a pile of supreme-grade spirit stones to test the current limit of his [Kun Devour] divine ability.

One stone was worth a thousand contribution points, and this pile alone amounted to fifty or sixty thousand.

Without hesitation, Li Fan devoured them all. The spirit stones vanished into his belly like a river flowing into the sea.

"Boom!"

A pure stream of spiritual energy erupted from within his stomach.

Li Fan’s expression changed slightly as he desperately tried to circulate his technique to consume it.

But the spiritual energy flow was like a torrential flood, surging endlessly.

Li Fan’s attempts to consume it were like trying to quench a blazing cartload of firewood with a cup of water.

Fortunately, practicing the Creation Furnace Technique had strengthened Li Fan’s physique to some extent, so his meridians weren't damaged by the overwhelming spiritual energy.

However, letting it run rampant inside his body wasn’t a viable solution either.

To avoid drawing attention, Li Fan's clone approached Tianyang and converted the nearly uncontrollable spiritual energy into blue Cloud Cluster Swords, slashing towards the puppet’s body.

After several slashes, the rampaging spiritual energy was finally exhausted and gradually subsided.

However, the seemingly powerful sword light didn’t leave even the slightest trace on Tianyang’s body.

Tianyang tilted his head, looking somewhat puzzled at his "senior brother," thinking Li Fan wanted to spar with him. He raised his fist.

"Hehe, junior brother, don’t misunderstand. I just made a mistake during my cultivation," Li Fan said with a smile, stopping Tianyang.

Tianyang then showed a worried expression.

After comforting Tianyang for a while, Li Fan returned to the secret chamber.

"Although I’ve simulated the Kunpeng stomach, achieving such astonishing devouring speed, a human body cannot be compared to ancient demonic beasts."

"I still can’t convert the absorbed energy into a powerful resource for myself in time."

"However, if I corroborate it with the Heaven-Devouring and Earth-Eating Technique..."

Li Fan narrowed his eyes and came up with an idea.

Improving techniques isn't something that can be done overnight. After splitting a part of his consciousness with the the Hua Dao Divine Technique of Transformation to focus on this matter, Li Fan tried the [Peng Flight] divine ability again.

This time, there were no abnormal bone wings sprouting from his back. Instead, he constantly flickered and maneuvered within the small space of the secret chamber.

His speed increased, almost becoming a blur in the air, beyond what the naked eye could perceive.

After a while, Li Fan finally stopped the experiment, satisfied.

"Good. The method of [Peng Flight], combined with the incomplete Purple Heaven Divine Thunder Escape, has increased my escape speed by more than double."

"In the future, as my research into Kunpeng blood essence deepens, it will become even faster."

Next, Li Fan didn’t try the divine ability of [Jing Peng Transformation].

This kind of divine ability, which completely transforms into the form of a demonic beast, was something Li Fan still chose to avoid.

Although its power was formidable, if it accidentally triggered Senior Brother Zhang’s Grand Aspirations dharma Incarnation, it would be a disaster.

In fact, among the many divine abilities displayed by Ye Feipeng in his previous life, the one Li Fan was most concerned with was the so-called [Bloodline Crossing].

Judging from Ye Feipeng’s later behavior, this [Bloodline Crossing] could not only change a person’s physique, slowly transforming them into a pure demonic beast but also unconsciously alter their mind.

Ye Feipeng’s transformation from “demonic beast” to “holy beast” clearly illustrated this point.

It’s not hard to imagine that if Ye Feipeng, influenced by Kunpeng essence blood, encountered the Kunpeng itself, he would definitely exhibit “loyalty” stemming from the depths of his bloodline.

What Li Fan currently lacked was this method of controlling people.

Now, he was merely using foreknowledge and coercion to force or entice people to his side.

Although effective, there were bound to be failures occasionally. It wasn’t as reliable and reassuring as this kind of secret technique.

"[Bloodline Crossing] might require Ye Feipeng’s Kunpeng bloodline to become even purer before I can comprehend it."

"Hmm, it’s time to purchase more pills to replenish blood and energy."

After handing over the remaining pills and the task of regular blood extractions to Tianyang, Li Fan leisurely returned to Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

Instead of going back to the Tianxuan Mirror, he headed straight to the Qianli Hall.

Nearly two years had passed, and there was still no response from Jiao Xiuyuan regarding the task he had assigned him to unearth the Small King of Medicine Cauldron.

Li Fan found it strange and decided to visit personally.

Jiao Xiuyuan was slightly taken aback upon seeing Li Fan suddenly appear.

His eyes flickered, and his expression showed a bit of awkwardness.

"Fellow Daoist Jiao, have you forgotten something?" Li Fan asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan chuckled and hurriedly pulled out a chair from somewhere, inviting Li Fan to sit down.

"What’s going on?" Seeing Jiao Xiuyuan’s demeanor, Li Fan already had an idea.

Not in a hurry, he just stared at Jiao Xiuyuan for a long time before speaking again.

Jiao Xiuyuan, feeling uncomfortable under Li Fan’s gaze, closed the store door and whispered, “It’s not that I deliberately stalled you, but I’m in a difficult situation!”

"With your abilities, Fellow Daoist Jiao, is there anything in the Medicine King Sect’s ruins that can trouble you?" Li Fan was skeptical.

"After thousands of years, even if there were any restrictions, they would have failed by now." Jiao Xiuyuan shook his head and said, "The problem is, someone else got there first!"

"Oh? What do you mean?" Li Fan's expression turned serious.

Yet another unforeseen variable had appeared.

"Just as I was about to pinpoint the location of the Small Medicine King Cauldron, people from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s Protectorate Institute suddenly showed up."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 489


“They sealed off the ruins, drove out the cultivators inside, and even inspected their storage rings.”

“It’s as if there’s some incredible treasure hidden in there.”

Jiao Xiuyuan’s eyes gleamed as he whispered.

“Although I’m not afraid of them, harmony brings wealth, so I didn’t start any conflict and obediently left.”

Upon hearing this, Li Fan rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

“The Protectorate institute...”

As an elite armed organization that only operates in a few states within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's core territory, it’s truly unusual for them to seal off and excavate the ruins of the Medicine King Sect.

Could it be that the phrase I mentioned back then, ‘The Tianxuan Lock union of Xuanhuang Realm,’ has caused the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance to compete in deducing the future, thereby foreseeing the imminent return of the True Cauldron of Medicine King to the Xuanhuang Realm?

“What do you think, Fellow Daoist Jiao? Does this have anything to do with my earlier prediction and the possible opportunity related to the Small Medicine King Cauldron?” After pondering for a moment, Li Fan looked at Jiao Xiuyuan and asked.

To Li Fan's surprise, Jiao Xiuyuan shook his head in denial.“After returning, I made some inquiries. It’s not just the ruins of the Medicine King Sect. The same goes for the ruins of the Heavenly Sword Sect, the Taishang Sect, and other ancient sects within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s territory. All of them have been sealed off by the Protectorate institute cultivators.”

“They’re not allowing anyone to approach, but they themselves are vigorously searching for something inside.”

Jiao Xiuyuan’s tone was filled with some resentment.

“I lost several puppets sneaking in, and discovered that they weren’t so much searching for objects as they were looking for someone!”

“Looking for someone?” Li Fan was stunned. “How can you tell?”

“All the cultivators inside the ruins are holding [Spirit-Sensing Beads]. This type of artifact is extremely sensitive to the breath of life. Even if a cultivator is in deep slumber with only a sliver of life remaining, it can still detect them.” Saying this, Jiao Xiuyuan couldn’t help but glance at Li Fan.

Li Fan’s expression grew thoughtful: “So, you’re saying they might be searching for an ancient cultivator who, like me, fell into deep slumber thousands of years ago?”

“There’s a ninety percent chance,” Jiao Xiuyuan asserted.

“That’s quite odd…” Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly.

The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance wouldn’t do something meaningless.

This large-scale operation clearly has a specific purpose.

“So, they’re certain that there’s such a dormant ancient cultivator, but they’re unsure of their exact location.”

“They’ve determined only that the person is within the ruins of various ancient sects, so they’re using this needle-in-a-haystack method to search.”

“This person must be extremely important to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, and…”

“The reason they’re looking for him is definitely related to my phrase, ‘The Tianxuan Lock.’”

Li Fan thought for a while but couldn’t figure out anything.

“Fellow Daoist Jiao, you really didn’t unearth a Small Medicine King Cauldron?” He glanced at Jiao Xiuyuan and abruptly asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan hesitated for a moment and then chuckled awkwardly: “It seems I can’t fool your discerning eyes, Fellow Daoist. It’s true that I didn’t come away empty-handed.”

“Unfortunately, my luck wasn’t great. Just as I unearthed one, the cultivators of the Protectorate institute showed up.”

“And due to this incident, all the items recently excavated from sect ruins have skyrocketed in price.”

“Quite a few cultivators have come to inquire about that Small Medicine King Cauldron, so…”

Jiao Xiuyuan looked at Li Fan, his eyes practically spelling out “higher price.”

However, Li Fan just waved his hand: “Since this item is so sought-after, let’s just forget about it. You, Fellow Daoist, can decide when to sell it!”

Without waiting for Li Fan to haggle, he directly gave up.

Jiao Xiuyuan was completely stunned by this response.

“Um, Fellow Daoist Li, aren’t you going to reconsider...”

“A gentleman helps others achieve their goals without coveting their treasures! It’s just a minor opportunity, how could I possibly be lacking?” Li Fan dismissively refused, clearly uninterested.

Seeing Jiao Xiuyuan’s dumbfounded expression, Li Fan added, “Instead, I’m much more interested in what you said about the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance searching for an ancient cultivator.”

“Maybe, this person is an old acquaintance of mine.”

“I know your information network is extensive, so please investigate this matter for me!” Li Fan’s gaze turned sharp as he looked at Jiao Xiuyuan.

“As for the small Medicine King Cauldron, forget about it. You won’t keep any secrets from me about this, will you?”

Li Fan’s gaze swept over the three characters “Qianli Hall” hanging outside the room as he spoke in an eerie tone.

“Rest assured, rest assured! I, Jiao Xiuyuan, would never ruin my own reputation!” Jiao Xiuyuan hurriedly promised, knowing he was in the wrong.

“Well then…”

Just as Li Fan was about to nod and continue speaking, a commotion suddenly erupted outside.

The two exchanged a glance, sensing that something unusual was happening, and tacitly stopped their conversation to step outside.

On Ten Thousand Immortal Island, the towering statue of the Immortal Venerable of Dao Transmission was emitting beams of light that shot straight into the sky.

The island’s protective formation had been activated at some point.

Beyond the protective barrier, a massive purple door stood tall.

Numerous cultivators were constantly flying out of the door.

“The Five Elders Association?”

Li Fan and Jiao Xiuyuan exclaimed in surprise simultaneously.

“Are they insane? Are they declaring an all-out war against the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance?” Jiao Xiuyuan’s voice was full of shock.

It was clear that this surprise attack by the Five Elders Association had been extremely secretive, catching even Jiao Xiuyuan, whose ears and eyes were spread throughout the entire cultivation world, off guard.

What has happened?

Why has the Five Elders Association suddenly initiated a war?

And the target isn’t the Grand Cave-Heaven of the Five Elements, but instead, this Ten Thousand Immortal Island?

Li Fan’s thoughts raced.

“Fellow Daoist Jiao, have other cities and states been attacked by the Five Elders Association as well?” After a moment, Li Fan asked in a deep voice.

“No. Only Ten Thousand Immortal Island in the Congyun Sea is the target of the Five Elders Association’s strike this time.” After pausing for a moment, Jiao Xiuyuan replied, still filled with confusion.

Li Fan frowned slightly, feeling somewhat puzzled as well.

The two fell silent, simply raising their heads to watch the battle in the sky.

The two True Monarch of the Soul Transformation stage on the island had been deployed to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s headquarters, leaving the island’s defense forces clearly insufficient.

They didn’t dare engage in a direct confrontation, relying only on the formation to hold on bitterly, while hoping for reinforcements to arrive as soon as possible.

But it was clear that the Five Elders Association had come well-prepared. Not only had they rendered the teleportation formation useless, but even communication seemed to be blocked, making it impossible to send messages.

Ten Thousand Immortal Island was gradually losing ground, and the faces of the many cultivators watching the battle on the island turned pale.

Having lived in peace for so long, they had never seen such a scene.

As time slowly passed, to everyone’s surprise, when the Five Elders Association finally gained an absolute advantage and broke the protective barrier, they did not choose to attack the island directly.

Instead, they began setting up a formation in the sky above Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

Threads of light descended from the central formation above and shot towards the edges of the island.

“The Heaven and Earth Displacement Formation?”

Li Fan and Jiao Xiuyuan exclaimed in unison once more.

“Is the Five Elders Association planning to move the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Island away?”

The doubt in their eyes grew stronger.

The formation was completed in no time, and the threads emitted a faint white light.

The ground of Ten Thousand Immortal Island began to shake violently.

TL : Is the name "Immortal Venerable" good here? Because his literal translation should've been (Heavenly Sovereign Of Dao Transmission→ chuán fǎ tiān zūn) The "tian zun" here is important because it's also used in later cultivation realm which I decided to translate as "Heavenly Sovereign" So, should I keep it as "Immortal Venerable" as it sounds more appropriate given the character's background or should I go with the literal term.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 490


The ground trembled more and more violently, to the point where it was nearly impossible to stand.

The vast Ten Thousand Immortal Island began to rise from the ground, slowly ascending towards the sky.

Some cultivators attempted to make a desperate escape, trying to break through the encirclement.

But they all met the same fate.

Anyone who left the Ten Thousand Immortal Island was immediately pierced and killed by beams of light descending from the sky.

Cries of alarm and agony from cultivators could be heard continuously.

The surrounding space seemed to be completely sealed off, and even the falling images of cultivators from the sky appeared strangely distorted, layered upon one another and squeezed into one place.

The fierce attacks from the Five Elders Association temporarily calmed down the cultivators who were panicking like headless flies.

They realized that as long as they stayed on the Ten Thousand Immortal Island, the Five Elders Association seemed to have no immediate intention to attack.

So, they could only tremble in fear, looking up at the purple gate that was getting closer and closer to them.“Could it be that the Five Elders Association made such a grand display just to come after me?” Li Fan, witnessing the scene, couldn't help but recall the earlier incident when several Nascent Soul cultivators came to capture him. This thought surfaced in his mind.

“That place is not easy to deal with. If I get captured and taken to the ‘Country of Truth,’ where lying is impossible, wouldn’t my secrets about traveling through time and the truth about my Identity be completely exposed?”

Li Fan had a clear understanding of his current strength; he knew he was not yet capable of resisting the principles of a Heavenly Sovereign.

“Should I use the truth…” A hint of hesitation flashed in Li Fan's heart.

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan decided to wait and see for the time being.

After all, the situation had not yet deteriorated to the point where his life was in danger.

The originally flat horizon in the distance had now disappeared from view.

The entire Ten Thousand Immortal Island was floating in mid-air, and the faces of the cultivators from the Five Elders Association above were clearly visible.

At that moment, a commotion suddenly broke out on the island.

Unexpectedly, a large number of cultivators appeared out of nowhere.

There were so many of them that they seemed to overflow the Ten Thousand Immortal Island, making the island itself almost unable to accommodate them all.

A clamor arose from among them.

“What’s going on? Where is this place?”

“I remember I was meditating in the Tianxuan Mirror! How did I suddenly end up here?”

“Look! The Tianxuan Mirror has turned into a stone!”

Hearing their exclamations, Jiao Xiuyuan muttered under his breath, “This is bad. Even the Tianxuan Mirror has been stripped of its power. It seems we can't count on these reinforcements anymore.”

Only then did Li Fan realize that these people were actually cultivators who had been meditating in the space within the Tianxuan Mirror on Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

Now that the island was about to be captured by the Five Elders Association, the Tianxuan Mirror, for its own safety, had canceled its so-called ‘empowerment.’

The wondrous sub-mirror on the island had been turned into an ordinary stone.

The cultivators who had awakened from their meditation looked at the overwhelming number of enemies and finally realized the precariousness of their situation.

“Fellow Daoists, I’ve heard that the Five Elders Association has something called a ‘Soul Contract.’ Once you sign it, your soul will be completely under their control. You’ll lose your freedom, and by then, living will be worse than death!”

“That’s right, they definitely want to capture us alive and force us to sign the Soul Contract!”

“If we’re going to be enslaved, we might as well risk everything in a fight. With so many of us, we might still have a slim chance of survival!”

After the initial shock, someone quickly rallied the others to break through the blockade of the Five Elders Association.

It is said that strength lies in numbers.

With the sudden addition of so many reinforcements, the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance on the island grew bolder.

Soon, under the leadership of a few cultivators, they launched a desperate charge.

Li Fan, however, did not follow blindly. He pulled at the sleeve of Jiao Xiuyuan, who was darting his eyes around, and asked through voice transmission, “Daoist Jiao, is there any way to escape?”

Jiao Xiuyuan chuckled, held up his hand, and signaled with five fingers.

“Easy! Just fifty thousand contribution points, and I'll transfer them to you right now!” Li Fan nodded.

Jiao Xiuyuan's face darkened. “Is Master Li Fan's life worth so little to you?”

“Five hundred thousand contribution points! And that's because of our life-and-death friendship!”

Li Fan looked at Jiao Xiuyuan and smiled faintly.

He didn’t haggle with him and immediately made the transaction for five hundred thousand points.

“Brother, I’m not greedy for money. Fair is fair; even blood brothers have to settle accounts clearly.” Jiao Xiuyuan explained for himself.

Then he whispered, “Currently, the only possible way to escape from this Ten Thousand Immortal Island is through that ancient tree in the Qingfeng Hall.”

“Qingfeng Hall…” Li Fan’s eyes flickered.

In his 113th lifetime, he had once contacted Qingfeng Hall, a loan organization hidden on Ten Thousand Immortal Island, through He Zhenghao.

The ancient tree with a human face inside had left a deep impression on him.

The place where the ancient tree was located seemed to be a separate space.

Moreover, it could gather a significant amount of Spirit Mist Grass in an instant, indicating that, like the Tianxuan Mirror, it was connected to other spaces in the outside world.

“Thank you for the advice, Daoist Jiao!”

Li Fan cupped his hands in gratitude and was about to leave.

He suddenly thought of something and returned shortly after.

Li Fan stared closely at Jiao Xiuyuan, making him feel uncomfortable all over.

“Daoist Li Fan, why are you looking at me instead of running for your life?” Jiao Xiuyuan asked, feeling bewildered.

“Daoist Jiao, would you consider selling your current body?” Li Fan asked in a faint voice.

Jiao Xiuyuan was startled, and with a flicker, he widened the distance between himself and Li Fan.

“You…” Jiao Xiuyuan looked at Li Fan with disbelief, as if recognizing his true nature for the first time.

Ignoring Jiao Xiuyuan’s wild thoughts, Li Fan continued, “I’ve been awake for so long, and I’ve always stayed within the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.”

“Now, I have a basic understanding of the alliance as a whole, but I’ve never had the chance to see the Five Elders Association, which can rival the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.”

“And the information about them within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is pitifully scarce. I’m really curious about the Five Elders Association.”

Li Fan’s gaze swept over Jiao Xiuyuan’s puppet body.

“My true body must escape, of course. But I’d like to take this opportunity to see the other side.”

“Daoist, is there any method that would allow me to temporarily control your puppet body?”

Li Fan asked slowly.

Jiao Xiuyuan finally understood Li Fan’s intentions.

After a moment of thought, he muttered in a low voice, “You should have said so earlier; you scared me.”

“As long as the price is right, it’s not impossible.”

Li Fan was overjoyed upon hearing this.

“Great! Name your price!”

Jiao Xiuyuan once again signaled with five fingers and, not giving Li Fan any room for misinterpretation, said, “This is my first time letting someone possess me!”

“Fifty thousand contribution points, no less!”

“Fifty thousand, it is. I, Li Fan, am not a stingy person.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 491


“Hold your breath and focus. Split a strand of your consciousness and bring it to my hand!”

Outside, the sound of wailing grew louder. Jiao Xiuyuan, who had just received his contribution points, spoke to Li Fan in a deep voice.

As he spoke, a newly formed branch extended from his palm. A single green leaf stood proudly at the tip, solitary and independent.

Upon hearing this, Li Fan immediately split a small part of his consciousness and directed it towards the branch in Jiao Xiuyuan's hand.

As soon as he approached, he felt an inexplicable pull from the green leaf at the tip of the branch. Unable to control himself, he plunged straight into it.

His vision gradually became clear, and in an instant, Li Fan felt that apart from his true self and his clone, he now had an additional body.

Fortunately, he had the secret technique of Dao Transformation, which allowed him to be accustomed to multitasking over the years. Otherwise, it might have been difficult for him to adapt.

Controlling the puppet body felt almost the same as using his clone technique in terms of perception. However, he could clearly sense the separation between consciousness and the physical body, unlike the seamless unity of his clone.

It felt more like he was “driving” rather than inhabiting a living body.

“The transaction is complete. This body is now at your disposal,” Jiao Xiuyuan’s voice echoed in his mind. “As long as you don’t deliberately do anything disgusting, it’s fine even if you destroy it.”“Oh, and when the puppet body is damaged, a forced self-destruct mechanism will activate to prevent the consciousness from being captured. You might experience some shock to your soul…”

His voice gradually faded until it became barely audible.

As the split consciousness familiarized itself with the puppet body, Li Fan's true self rushed towards the location of Qingfeng Hall from his memory.

By this time, the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Island had already been drawn to the front of the purple door in the sky by the “Heaven and Earth Displacement Formation.” It was continuously being devoured by the teleportation Formation entering the territory of the Five Elders Association.

The cultivators who had just attempted to break through the blockade with their numbers were all reduced to ashes.

After this bloody lesson, the remaining cultivators, who were still alive, sat on the ground in despair, waiting for their unknown fate to unfold.

Meanwhile, Li Fan strode into the inconspicuous shop of Qingfeng Hall. It was now empty, with no sign of the sloppy old man.

He called out a few times, but no one responded.

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan took out a pile of top-grade spirit stones from his storage ring and placed them on the floor of Qingfeng Hall.

“Are these enough to buy a way out?” Li Fan asked loudly.

There was no response for a long time. Li Fan then took out another pile of top-grade spirit stones and added them.

The total value was now close to a million contribution points.

This time, the seemingly empty Qingfeng Hall finally reacted. A wisp of green ripple spread through the air, forming a familiar green door.

Li Fan’s heart stirred, and he stepped through it.

After a brief blur of his vision, he found himself back in the space he had visited before. The ancient tree mentioned by Jiao Xiuyuan stood before him.

However, the human face on the tree had disappeared, making it look no different from an ordinary tree.

“What a generous move, Daoist friend,” a crisp female voice suddenly rang out just as Li Fan was about to speak.

“Ah Liu, since we’ve accepted his offering, let’s help him leave.”

“Yes, Miss,” the human face appeared on the ancient tree, glanced at Li Fan, and responded in a muffled voice.

“Honored guest, please step inside.” The ancient tree opened its giant mouth, revealing a passage.

“Thank you, young lady!” Li Fan cupped his hands in the direction of the voice and then stepped into the hole in the ancient tree.

As soon as Li Fan’s figure disappeared, the ancient tree closed its mouth and returned to its original appearance.

“Miss…”

“Hehe, the way ancient cultivators speak is quite interesting,” a silvery laugh echoed in the air as the branches and leaves of the ancient tree quivered in response.

…

The experience felt similar to using a long-distance teleportation formation. The surrounding scenery shifted from darkness to a kaleidoscope of colors, and then everything brightened.

After adjusting to the discomfort in his body, Li Fan looked around and found that he was still in Qingfeng Hall.

However, there were now one or two other cultivators present in the hall, and the distant sounds of the market, calm and unhurried, indicated that he was no longer in the dangerous territory of Congyun Sea.

After discreetly scouting the area, Li Fan finally figured out his current location.

He had already reached the heartland of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, in Xuanwei Prefecture, near Tianyun Prefecture.

It seemed the news of the fall of Ten Thousand Immortal Island had not yet reached this place. For now, Li Fan redirected his attention back to the puppet body on the island.

Amid the desperate cries of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators, the island was finally completely engulfed by the purple teleportation formation.

After a long period of darkness, when the sky lit up again, what unfolded before their eyes was a strange scene.

It had been daytime moments ago, but after passing through the purple door and arriving at the territory of the Five Elders Association, it was now night.

There was no bright moon in the sky, but countless brilliant stars sparkled, competing with each other in radiance.

Rivers of stars flowed across the sky, with mesmerizing light and shadows, creating a breathtaking spectacle.

For most of the people present, it was the first time they had ever seen such a magnificent starry sky, and nine out of ten were so captivated by the sight that they lost themselves in it.

The once wailing Ten Thousand Immortal Island fell silent in an instant.

“Members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, welcome to the Humane Heavenly Land.”

A middle-aged cultivator in a white robe flew above the crowd and spoke loudly.

“I know you may have many misunderstandings about our Five Elders Association. But don’t worry, it won’t be long before you completely dispel these misunderstandings.”

“By then, I’m sure you will make the right choice to abandon the darkness and join our Five Elders Association.”

The white-robed cultivator said with a smile.

Seeing that the Five Elders Association didn’t seem as vicious as rumored, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. However, they didn’t believe a word of the “misunderstandings” he mentioned.

“First, I ask you all to leave this island.”

As the white-robed cultivator spoke, a group of burly cultivators flew out.

They were armed with sharp weapons and clad in heavy armor. They looked more like soldiers than cultivators.

Sensing their aura, each of them had a cultivation level of Nascent Soul.

All the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators present turned pale, not daring to resist, and allowed themselves to be escorted off Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

“It seems they’re not here specifically for me, but just for the island.”

“That’s strange. What’s so special about Ten Thousand Immortal Island?”

Blending into the crowd, Li Fan watched with a serious expression as the white-robed cultivator flew onto the island.

Then, dozens of other powerful cultivators appeared one after another and entered the island.

Explosive roars echoed as building after building on the island collapsed.

They seemed to be searching for something.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 492


“Move quickly! Stop looking around!”

Ten Thousand Immortal Island had almost been leveled to the ground, and the cultivators of the Five Elders Association began excavating the underground area.

Li Fan wanted to continue observing, but an armored cultivator rebuked him and forcibly relocated him from the area.

Several squads of armored cultivators formed a formation and drove the members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance like a herd of sheep, forcing them to the entrance of a small cave at the bottom of a canyon.

At the entrance, there was a sinister wind blowing, exuding an eerie and terrifying atmosphere.

“Get in there! What are you waiting for?”

The leading armored cultivator struck the ground with his weapon, shouting like a thunderclap.

Among the group, there were some who looked resentful. They exchanged glances, seemingly plotting a resistance in secret.

However, the situation was against them, and after hesitating for a while, they ultimately yielded.

One by one, they entered the dark cave.Li Fan, using a puppet body, naturally felt little fear.

However, to avoid drawing attention and to survive a bit longer, he pretended to be extremely fearful, following the group inside.

As soon as he stepped into the cave, the light vanished from sight.

The next moment, a scene completely different from what they had expected appeared before everyone.

It wasn't a winding, dark passage inside the mountain; instead, they inexplicably found themselves in a lush, verdant valley.

In the distance, a wooden pavilion seemed visible.

Dozens of people were sitting cross-legged in front of the pavilion, listening to a scholar-like cultivator lecturing about something.

Seeing that it didn’t appear to be an interrogation or torture, the previously agitated cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance also calmed down.

They decided to observe the situation before taking further action.

Under the escort of the armored cultivators, the group slowly approached the pavilion.

Meanwhile, hidden among the group, Li Fan keenly noticed a peculiar change occurring to his body during the process, causing him to slightly change his expression.

As they continued to approach the scholar in the pavilion, their bodies seemed to be shrinking.

This change only affected the detained members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. The armored cultivators, the scholar, and even the surrounding scenery of the valley remained unchanged.

Although their speed of progress was not reduced, it felt as if they were getting farther away from their target.

This strange phenomenon caused a slight commotion among the members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, but it was quickly suppressed.

“Move faster!”

In their eyes, the armored cultivators had already swelled to the size of small mountains.

Without the slightest mercy, they continued to urge them on.

For the first time, experiencing what it was like to see people from the perspective of ants, the members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance found it difficult to remain calm.

Their faces gradually turned pale, and they subconsciously followed the orders of the armored cultivators.

As they continued moving forward, their bodies kept shrinking.

After spending nearly ten days, they finally arrived in front of the pavilion.

In their eyes, the scholar now looked like a towering mountain, reaching up to the sky.

“Sit down,” the scholar said gently.

But in their ears, it sounded like a great bell, filling the heavens and earth.

It echoed continuously in their minds.

It seemed to resonate deep within their souls, and even though they tried to block their senses, they couldn’t help but hear the scholar’s words in their minds.

So, they all lost control of their bodies and obediently sat down on the ground.

“What kind of Divine power is this?”

Everyone was horrified.

The armored cultivators all saluted the scholar, and seeing that the members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had already sat down, they quietly left.

The scholar glanced at the crowd and sighed softly, “Another group of lost lambs.”

“However, since you are fated to be here, I will not let you stray further.”

The crowd, who considered themselves part of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, naturally felt indignant upon hearing this.

“In your eyes, what do you think of our Five Elders Association?” At this moment, the scholar asked softly.

“Using soul contracts to control cultivators, absolutely evil!”

“Struggling on the brink of extinction. Within a thousand years, they will surely be destroyed by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.”

“Ignorant and backward!”

“Though not virtuous, they have managed to contend with our Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance for so long, so there must be something commendable.”

…

Under the scholar’s questioning, everyone spoke out, giving their own answers.

But the horrified expressions on their faces clearly showed that their responses were not voluntary.

However, not all the cultivators lost control and responded to the scholar’s question.

At least the puppet body Li Fan was inhabiting wasn’t affected.

Some Nascent Soul cultivators also furrowed their brows, resisting the scholar’s control.

“Isn’t this just a group version of the Heavenly Doctor’s ‘Interrogation’ technique?” Li Fan was also deeply shocked.

“Although its power seems inferior to the Heavenly Doctor’s personal execution, the number of targets is vast.”

Li Fan remained highly vigilant, ready to abandon the puppet body at any moment.

Fortunately, the scholar did not pay much attention to Li Fan.

The crowd continued answering one by one.

The scholar smiled, listening attentively.

After a long time, the voices subsided, and the area outside the pavilion gradually quieted down.

The scholar shook his head and said, “Utter nonsense!”

“Do you know where our Five Elders Association originated?”

Everyone shook their heads.

“After the Immortal Venerable of Dao Transmission created a new path, the terrifying cultivation speed of unaffiliated cultivators led them to launch an assault on the immortal sects.”

“Meanwhile, the sects themselves were divided into two factions, fighting and killing each other.”

“However, before we could reach a conclusion…”

The scholar didn’t directly answer but began to recount history.

“The great calamity of heaven and earth descended, making it impossible to practice the same Dao.”

“The immortal sects suffered devastating blows, with less than one percent surviving.”

“Yet, having ruled the Xuanhuang Realm for ten thousand years, they were deeply rooted.”

“Some surviving sects escaped this catastrophe. They secluded themselves, waiting for the storm of bloodshed to pass.”

“When the killing ended, and darkness faded, they united once again on the ruins.”

“This was the embryonic form of the current Five Elders Association.”

Disregarding the stunned reactions, the scholar continued to speak slowly.

“The struggle between the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association is, in essence, still a battle between the old and new forces of cultivation.”

“All conflicts in this world largely stem from the oppression of the newcomers by the predecessors.”

“That’s why this battle has lasted for thousands of years and continues endlessly.”

“It will never stop until one side is completely defeated.”

“You are members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and have been deceived, so I do not blame you.”

The scholar showed a look of compassion.

The members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, who were seated and listening to the scholar's lecture, were all stunned.

Although they had long been accustomed to the existence of the Five Elders Association, it was their first time hearing about its origins.

Li Fan, however, was not as surprised as the others.

One of the Five Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns of the Five Elders Association, Senior Sister Zhao, was once the head of the Grand Dao Sect, one of the ten great immortal sects.

So the fact that the Five Elders Association was formed by the surviving members of the ancient sects was something Li Fan had already suspected.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 493


"It's nothing more than a struggle for interests, so why distinguish between good and evil?"

"If we were truly as evil as they say, how could we have withstood the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's assaults for a thousand years without being defeated?"

The scholar raised a powerful question again.

Many of the cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance looked thoughtful after hearing this.

However, more of them appeared confused, as if their values were being deeply challenged.

"Very well, let me first give you an introduction to the current situation of the Five Elders Association."

The scholar's enormous figure stood towering between heaven and earth, filling everyone's view as he began to speak.

"Now, the territory of the Five Elders Association is divided into five parts."

"Each of the five Heavenly Sovereigns governs their own domain."

"I can't casually comment on the other Heavenly Sovereigns' territories. If you have the chance in the future, you can explore them on your own.""Let me speak only of the current place you find yourselves in—the [Humane Heavenly Domain]."

The scholar's words drew the attention of all the cultivators present, including Li Fan.

"Each of the five Heavenly Sovereigns defies the natural order and creates their own unique region."

"In our [Humane Heavenly Domain], the most important principle is the way of the Heavenly Sovereign's Dao."

"It is also the cosmic law, which everyone must follow and none can defy."

The scholar paused and revealed the origin of the name [Humane Heavenly Domain].

"Compared to heaven and earth, human beings are but insignificant creatures."

"The body and name may perish, but the rivers and mountains will endure for ages."

"Even cultivators who can stir seas and rivers, seemingly altering the shape of heaven and earth, will find that the rivers flow anew once more. After their death, everything becomes empty and their past achievements vanish like bubbles, no longer existing."

"Only the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign, who defies the laws of heaven and earth, can truly change the heavens and earth!"

"Why is it that only the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign can accomplish such a grand feat?"

"In our [Humane Heavenly Domain], changing the heavens and earth is something anyone can achieve!"

The scholar's words resounded forcefully.

Hearing this, everyone felt a surge of courage, yet many were puzzled.

Several cultivators, emboldened, asked, "Sir, what do you mean by saying that anyone can change the heavens and earth?"

The scholar smiled faintly, "When you arrived, did you see the vast and radiant starlight?"

Everyone nodded.

"In truth, those are not real stars but former cultivators." The scholar's words echoed like thunder across the heavens and earth.

With a wave of his massive hand, the originally bright sky instantly dimmed.

The darkness lasted only for a moment, then was illuminated again by countless stars.

"In the Humane Heavenly Domain, regardless of cultivation level, as long as one possesses sufficient faith and courage, they can transform into a star and ascend to the firmament."

"While eternally shining upon the world, they can also alter the original shape of the heavens and earth."

"A long time ago, in the Humane Heavenly Domain, there was a young man born between two great mountains."

The scholar began telling a story again.

"The mountains were obstructive, making it very difficult to come and go. The villagers lived in extreme poverty because of this. The young man, seeing such circumstances, made a grand vow in his youth to completely level these two mountains and carve out a path for his kin."

"The place was remote, and few people visited. The young man did not know there were immortals in the world; he only tried to dig the mountains with human effort."

"Though he faced misunderstanding and ridicule, he never wavered or regretted his resolve."

"With persistence, even metal and stone can be split. A hundred years passed, and when the young man had become an elderly man, nearing death, he still did not change his will."

"After his death, he transformed into a star and ascended to the sky. Under the light of his star, the two mountains vanished without a trace."

"This is an example of a mortal body completely changing the heavens and earth."

"If a mere mortal can do so, how much more could a cultivator? In the Humane Heavenly Domain, there have been countless examples of altering heaven and earth!"

...

While Li Fan's puppet body was immersed in the scholar's narration,

his true self had already arrived at Shilin Prefecture through a teleportation array.

The Ten Thousand Immortal Island had been abducted, and all teleportation points leading to the Congyun Sea had been rendered ineffective.

He had no choice but to settle for the next best option and travel through the teleportation array to the neighboring Shilin Prefecture.

When he attempted to fly into the Congyun Sea, Li Fan suddenly discovered that the entire Congyun Sea was enveloped in an invisible barrier.

It was sealed off, preventing outsiders from entering.

"It seems they finally reacted and imposed martial law." Li Fan narrowed his eyes but did not force his way in.

Instead, his true body returned to the nearby Immortal City, and his attention shifted to his clone, Zhou Qing'ang.

Ignoring the continuous notifications from the communication talismans on his body, the clone flew straight to the place where the Ten Thousand Immortal Island used to be.

Along the way, many fearful cultivators, unsure of what had happened, were also heading towards the Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

Only after losing the teleportation formation did they realize how precious instantaneous travel was.

It took more than ten days for the clone to reach his destination.

By then, a large number of cultivators had already gathered here, pointing and whispering among themselves.

At the center of the crowd was a massive black void.

The surrounding seawater seemed to be obstructed by some force, unable to flow into the black hole.

In the blue sea, the black hole's presence looked so strange and out of place.

Seeing this, Li Fan couldn't help but frown slightly.

"This appearance, how does it resemble the time when I first saw the Sea of Crimson Flames?"

"Could it be..."

A thought surfaced in his mind, causing Li Fan to be momentarily stunned.

When he had initially seen the disappearance of the Ten Thousand Immortal Island and the lingering, intense energy around the void,

he had instinctively thought that Crimson Flame must have acted and completely destroyed the Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

Indeed, it looked very much like it.

But since he hadn’t witnessed the island’s destruction firsthand, there was always the possibility of a second explanation.

That was, like the current world, the Ten Thousand Immortal Island had been completely relocated through some method.

Moreover, later, when Crimson Flame was killed and Ink Death appeared in the world,

he still hadn’t seen the destruction of the Ten Thousand Immortal Island with his own eyes.

Because before the island completely disappeared, he had been consumed by the black particles.

Thinking about the Five Elders Association forcibly abducting the Ten Thousand Immortal Island this time, Li Fan couldn't help but be stunned.

"Could it be that the Ten Thousand Immortal Island really harbors some secret?"

Recalling the various secret histories he had read, none of them mentioned anything about this.

Li Fan began to doubt his own judgment again.

"This doesn't make sense either. If the Ten Thousand Immortal Island really hid something, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance would certainly be aware. They should have guarded it strictly. How could they have allowed the Five Elders Association to take it so easily?"

While Li Fan was racking his brain, he overheard a cultivator among the onlookers sigh, "Truly, the world is unpredictable. Who would have thought that the original place where the Dao Transmission Immortal Venerable spread his teachings would disappear like this?"

Li Fan was slightly taken aback.

He quickly stepped forward and greeted the cultivator.

Then he asked, "Fellow Daoist, just now you mentioned the 'original place where the Dao Transmission Immortal Venerable spread his teachings'—what do you mean by that?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 494


The other party's attitude was initially friendly, but upon hearing Li Fan's question, his expression subtly changed.

"Hehe, fellow Daoist, you must have heard wrong. I don’t know anything about the original place where the teachings were spread!" He quickly waved his hand, as if trying to dismiss the conversation, implying Li Fan had the wrong person.

Without waiting for Li Fan to respond, he immediately flew away at a rapid speed, even faster than most Nascent Soul cultivators.

Li Fan had finally encountered someone in the know; how could he let this clue slip away so easily?

He quickly followed but maintained a safe distance, trailing far behind.

At the same time, he transmitted his voice, saying, "Fellow Daoist, don't misunderstand. I mean no harm. I'm just very interested in what you mentioned earlier."

The person ahead gave no response and instead accelerated, trying to shake off Li Fan.

However, Li Fan continued to follow closely, persistently trying to persuade him.

After more than half a day, the other party, seeing that he couldn't shake off Li Fan, finally began to slow down.

He looked around, ensuring no one was nearby, his face fluctuating between uncertainty and frustration.After a moment of hesitation, he whispered, "This is not a suitable place to talk. Follow me, fellow Daoist."

Li Fan smiled slightly and cupped his hands, "In that case, thank you in advance, fellow Daoist!"

Following the man, they flew westward for hundreds of miles before diving into the depths of the ocean.

They arrived at a building resembling a crystal palace.

After inviting Li Fan into a room deep within the palace, the man sighed slightly and said, "It's not that I didn’t want to tell you earlier, but I feared speaking recklessly could bring disaster."

"What should I call you, fellow Daoist?" Li Fan nodded, not probing too deeply yet, but instead asking for his name first.

"I am Sima Changkong!" the man said, waving his hand, summoning a servant with a human upper body and a fish tail lower body.

The servant poured two cups of tea for them before bowing and leaving.

Li Fan glanced at the servant.

"Just a beast species, a personal preference, forgive me for the oddity," Sima Changkong said nonchalantly, sipping his tea.

"Beast species..." Li Fan's eyes flickered.

He had once discovered similar half-beast, half-human corpses in Mr. Bai’s basement in Ningyuan City. Senior Brother Zhang had also referred to them in the same way.

Li Fan had thought they were extinct, but it seemed they still existed.

However, Li Fan had no intention of making a fuss over it. He simply nodded slightly and steered the conversation back on track.

"Fellow Daoist Zhou, correct?" Sima Changkong bluntly exposed the identity of Li Fan's clone.

"Now that we're in my private residence, feel free to speak your mind."

"Do you know why the Ten Thousand Immortal Island is called by that name?" Sima Changkong asked.

Li Fan had indeed wondered about this before.

Because the capital cities of the various regions were all named after their provinces, such as Daoyuan City, Shilin City, and Tianyun City.

Yet the base in the Congyun Sea was not called Congyun Island or City but was instead called Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

He had searched through records and found no special explanation, assuming it was merely a customary name.

But now it seemed there was a hidden reason behind it.

"I’d like to hear more," Li Fan said, his face solemn, listening intently.

"A long time ago, when the Congyun Sea was still a vast plain, there was a large lake."

"In the middle of the lake was an island. This was where the first Immortal Venerable of Dao Transmission gave his teachings to the people."

"At that time, thousands of cultivators and mortals gathered to listen to the Immortal Venerable’s teachings."

"They all comprehended the Immortal Laws of the Immortal Venerable, laying the foundation for the original Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance."

Sima Changkong spoke slowly.

"Perhaps due to the Immortal Venerable's blessing, even after the landscape changed over the centuries, the island never altered its shape."

"Several thousand years later, when the current Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was established and selecting a capital city, they chose this island to honor the Immortal Venerable who had spread the teachings."

"In a sense, it wouldn’t be wrong to say this island is the origin of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. Hence, people call it ‘Ten Thousand Immortal Island.'"

Sima Changkong succinctly explained the history to Li Fan while secretly observing his reaction.

Li Fan pondered Sima Changkong's words and furrowed his brow. "If this is the origin of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the place where the Immortal Venerable first spread his teachings, why is it so little known today?"

"Why is it so hard to find any relevant information?"

"Moreover, how was it left so unguarded that someone managed to seize it?"

Li Fan shook his head, seemingly skeptical of Sima Changkong’s story.

Sima Changkong sighed deeply. "That’s exactly why I was hesitant to say too much earlier."

He paused for a moment, then continued in a low voice, "Tens of thousands of pioneers sacrificed their lives, spreading the new Dao method of the Immortal Venerable. That’s how the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance we see today came to be."

"This should have been a heroic tale, something all current cultivators should remember."

"But now, it has been downplayed, even sealed away."

"The reason is that the Immortal Venerable has not appeared for many years, and the ones in control of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance are no longer the original Tens Of Thousands Of Transmitters."

Sima Changkong drank the rest of his tea in one gulp and said, "The struggle between the old and new teachings was far more brutal than we can imagine. The sects at that time, facing something that threatened their rule, didn’t hesitate to use the sword."

"Almost all the true, pure Dao transmitters perished in the fight against the sects."

"Those who survived are merely opportunists who seized control of the Immortal Venerable’s legacy."

Sima Changkong's tone carried a hint of disdain.

...

Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

This explanation was barely acceptable.

In the mortal world, the rise and fall of power often led to the distortion or erasure of the achievements of former heroes, which was not uncommon.

The same principle seemed to apply in the cultivation world.

"An island that can survive the test of time without changing its shape might indeed conceal some secrets."

"The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance must have thoroughly investigated it before. Not finding anything, they probably left it alone."

"But the Five Elders Association must have recently uncovered something, risking a full-scale war to seize the island."

Li Fan’s thoughts raced.

Before long, he looked at Sima Changkong, who was still brooding over the injustices, and asked, "Daoist Sima, you seem to know a lot about the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's secrets."

"But according to what you've said, the symbolic significance of Ten Thousand Immortal Island seems greater than its actual value."

"Doesn’t it seem unworthy of the Five Elders Association to take such a risk and seize it by force? What do you think?"

Sima Changkong's expression grew serious.

After thinking for a moment, he said slowly, "I have a theory."

"The first Dao transmitters progressed quickly in their cultivation, so their customs and habits were still very similar to mortals."

"Mortals have a tradition of returning to their roots after death."

"Thus, after the Dao transmitters were killed in their battles with the immortal sects, their remaining bodies were often brought back to Ten Thousand Immortal Island for burial by their companions."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 495


"I believe the Five Elders Association may have come specifically for these remains," Sima Changkong said solemnly.

"Remains? What would they want with these remains?" Li Fan was shocked to learn that beneath the ordinary surface of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, there could be the buried corpses of numerous ancient cultivators. At the same time, he was puzzled by Sima Changkong's response.

"I cannot know for sure. Maybe the Five Elders Association has the ability to resurrect the dead? If those original transmitters of the Dao were to awaken and see the current state of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, they would likely storm the headquarters, battling to the death," Sima Changkong sneered.

"Careful with your words, fellow Daoist," Li Fan diverted the conversation without addressing it directly.

"Mount Congyun’s changes, the original transmitters, the origins of Ten Thousand Immortals Island...”

"All of these are deeply hidden secrets. Based on what I know of today's cultivators, even those who have reached the Soul Transformation True Monarch stage might not be as well-versed in such secrets as you are."

"Who exactly are you?" Li Fan couldn’t help but ask curiously.

"What background could I possibly have? I'm just an ordinary cultivator," Sima Changkong dismissed it lightly.

Seeing Li Fan’s doubtful expression, Sima Changkong proudly said, "Let me tell you, once something happens in this world, it always leaves a trace."

"Erasing a cultivator's memory doesn’t mean you can completely bury the truth of history."Sima Changkong suddenly stood up. "I have nothing to hide from you. I, Sima Changkong, am a historian!"

As he finished speaking, his entire body’s blood and energy seemed to surge intensely.

Li Fan, who was very familiar with the power of blood and energy due to his cultivation of the Creation Furnace technique, was shocked to find that the energy in Sima Changkong's body was incredibly complex.

Some of it was incredibly vibrant, like that of a newborn infant.

But some of it felt ancient, as if it had existed for thousands or even tens of thousands of years.

Blood energy burst from Sima Changkong’s body, forming a vast river of blood over his head.

As Li Fan observed closely, each drop of blood contained countless images and sounds.

The higher up he looked, the older the recorded scenes became.

The blood river was magnificent and vast, and the sheer amount of information recorded made even someone as mentally powerful as Li Fan feel dizzy after a brief observation.

Shocked, he quickly averted his gaze.

Sima Changkong, noticing Li Fan’s reaction, slowly withdrew the external manifestation of his energy.

He calmly explained, "This is the "Bloodline Historical Archives", a work compiled and cultivated by the Sima family for generations."

"Since our ancestor, Sima Pei, created the 'Blood History' technique, our Sima family has taken it upon ourselves to meticulously record the history of the Xuanhuang Realm."

"Even if we die, we have no regrets. This has been passed down through fifty-six generations."

"Fifty-six generations?" Li Fan was momentarily stunned and was about to ask more when Sima Changkong nodded and said, "Indeed. Although cultivating the 'Blood History' shortens our lifespan to that of a regular mortal, our Sima family has never retreated."

"Why fear death? As long as there are descendants of the Sima family, the "Bloodline Historical Archive" will find a suitable heir to awaken and continue the great work of recording history."

Sima Changkong spoke with a face full of righteousness.

Li Fan couldn’t help but feel deep respect upon hearing this.

He had always admired historians.

Back when he was the Grand Preceptor of the Great Xuan Empire, wielding power over life and death, the entire court cowered under his tyranny, not daring to voice opposition.

Only the historians of Great Xuan feared neither his sword nor his wrath.

Even when he threatened to execute their entire families, these historians insisted on recording Li Fan’s crimes of disrupting the court and oppressing the empress dowager in their records.

After executing a few of them, Li Fan found that their successors remained just as stubborn, so he left them be.

Unexpectedly, even in the Xuanhuang Realm, historians still existed.

While feeling a newfound respect, Li Fan’s thoughts stirred.

The history of the Xuanhuang Realm was shrouded in mystery, with much of it intentionally concealed. To try and uncover what happened solely by reading ancient texts was a fool's errand.

However, having Sima Changkong, a living embodiment of history, was a completely different matter.

Li Fan realized the importance of this historian in front of him and eagerly continued chatting with him.

Sima Changkong, being straightforward by nature, began to reveal more as he grew more familiar with Li Fan.

Li Fan gradually learned that while the Sima family could use their "Bloodline Historical Archive" to record history, the Xuanhuang Realm was vast, and no single person could know everything.

Thus, the Sima family had also mastered the technique of "Blood Splitting Clones" , which allowed them to split off parts of their blood to create clones.

These many clones traveled across the world, recording history as accurately and comprehensively as possible.

This explained why the Sima family members generally had short lifespans.

The river of blood recorded countless pieces of information from the Xuanhuang Realm's past.

To prevent unforeseen events from wiping out decades of accumulated knowledge, the Sima family's ancestors painstakingly devised a secret method called "One Is All".

As long as there was still a trace of Sima family bloodline in the world, the Bloodline History Archive would never be broken.

Li Fan then asked about the definition of the "Sima family bloodline."

Sima Changkong smiled proudly.

As long as there was even a trace of Sima blood in someone’s ancestry, no matter how diluted, the Bloodline History Archive could still be passed down.

After thousands of years, the descendants of the Sima family’s mortal lineage had spread throughout the Xuanhuang Realm.

In other words, unless all mortals in the Xuanhuang Realm were exterminated, the Bloodline History Archive could never be completely eradicated.

"Sima family, truly extraordinary! What a remarkable method and divine technique!" Li Fan exclaimed in admiration.

Li Fan then asked Sima Changkong for a communication talisman and carefully stored it in his storage ring.

"Daoist Sima, we must keep in close contact from now on," Li Fan said warmly, continuing to chat with this historian of the cultivation world for quite some time before reluctantly parting.

Upon returning to the old site of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Li Fan’s true body, located far away in Shilin Prefecture, noticed that the communication talisman issued by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was flashing continuously.

Puzzled, Li Fan took out the talisman and sensed the message.

After a moment, his expression became somewhat strange.

"I've been ordered to act as the acting island lord of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, responsible for rebuilding the Immortal City of Congyun Sea."

"The location is right above the former Ten Thousand Immortals Island."

"Execute immediately, without error."

Li Fan read the message several times, finally confirming it wasn’t a joke.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 496


The order came directly from the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s Governance Hall, accompanied by a deputy island master's talisman and detailed handover instructions, making it unmistakably official.

The stated reason was due to the recent [Assault on Ten Thousand Immortal Island] incident, and within the surviving system cultivators in the Congyun Sea, Li Fan held the highest rank.

Since the two Soul Transformation True Monarchs, Ziyun and Hongxi, were unable to return for various reasons, it was natural for Li Fan to take over as the acting island master by default.

However, Li Fan felt no joy from this sudden "gift" falling from the sky.

After carefully reading the transfer instructions, his brow furrowed tightly.

Although the role of Special Steward of the Martial Hall was largely ceremonial, only Nascent Soul cultivators or higher could hold such a position based on rank.

The position itself wasn’t low in rank. There was no issue with that. However, in the vast Congyun Sea, there were certainly many cultivators of a similar rank within the system who had not been captured by the Five Elders Association.

So why was this "heavy responsibility" specifically handed to Li Fan?

In this life, he had no hidden backing or powerful connections.

Was it a test, a warning, or perhaps an appeasement?Li Fan had no way of knowing.

But since the order had been issued, there was no point in overthinking. As the saying goes, "When soldiers come, you block them; when water comes, you dam it."

A cold glint flashed in Li Fan's eyes as he flew towards Congyun Sea.

As he neared the edge of Shilin Prefecture and approached the Congyun Sea, he was once again blocked by an invisible barrier.

Li Fan took out a communication talisman and injected spiritual energy into it.

A radiant "(萬)-Ten Thousand" character shot towards the barrier.

Ripples spread across the shield, and Li Fan reached out with his right hand. He felt as though an invisible substance clung to his arm, changing shape as he pressed forward.

Finally, it was like popping a sticky bubble. With some thought, Li Fan propelled his body through the invisible barrier.

In the next moment, Li Fan found himself back in the Congyun Sea.

Following the coordinates listed in the instructions, Li Fan flew at full speed. Four days later, he reached his destination.

A giant dust-ferrying ship, very familiar in appearance, quietly hovered in the air.

On the deck, the vague silhouettes of numerous black-robed cultivators could be seen.

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan flew towards the ship.

It seemed the black-robed cultivators were already aware of Li Fan’s arrival, as they did not move to stop him.

“Daoist Li Fan, please come here!” As soon as he set foot on the deck, a voice came from within the ship.

Li Fan headed towards the voice, all the while discreetly observing the black-robed cultivators around him.

A familiar aura of coldness and bloodlust.

They were likely members of the [Era], those responsible for handling special matters.

They were the predecessors of the [Heavenly Artificers] who emerged after the establishment of the Tianxuan Net in his previous life.

Not wanting to stir up trouble for now, Li Fan merely took a quick glance and then retracted his gaze, continuing towards the inner chamber.

Soon, he reached a room deep in the corridor and pushed the door open.

A white-haired youth sat at a long table, his expression grim.

Characters and images flashed rapidly across the long table, as if equipped with some sort of anti-snooping mechanism. Everything Li Fan saw appeared distorted and blurry.

“Island Master Li, you’ve already received the appointment document, so I won’t repeat the details.”

Without looking up from the table, the white-haired youth continued, “I want to emphasize three main points.”

“First, the reconstruction work must be completed within six months.”

“Second, the budget for this project is limited. You need to strictly control the expenses for materials. If the actual cost exceeds the approved limit and delays the construction, you will be held responsible. However, if you can complete the task on time, you will be duly rewarded!”

“The third point, and the most important…”

At this point, the white-haired youth finally lifted his head and stared at Li Fan.

Li Fan’s heart skipped a beat as he realized that the white-haired youth's eye sockets were completely hollow, filled with an eerie darkness.

“The talisman appointment doesn’t officially state this in writing. Once you leave this room, I will not admit to having said this. However, it’s something you must do. If there is any failure…”

The white-haired youth let out a cold snort and lightly tapped the table.

A stream of light shot out from the long table, heading straight for Li Fan.

Li Fan raised his hand to block it. As soon as the light touched his body, it vanished.

At the same time, new information appeared in his mind.

“This is…”

Li Fan frowned slightly.

“It’s the formation diagram for the [Xuantian Nether-Lock Formation],” the white-haired youth explained, noticing Li Fan’s confusion.

“When the Ten Thousand Immortal Island was relocated, the [Nether Passage] beneath it was exposed. You are required to inscribe the Xuantian Nether-Lock Formation into the foundation of the new Congyun Immortal City while constructing it.”

“With the formation diagram as a guide, you don’t need to be particularly proficient in formations. As long as you’re not completely ignorant of them, it should be manageable. As an ancient cultivator, this shouldn’t be a problem for you.” The white-haired youth spoke before Li Fan could refuse.

“How should I address you, Fellow Daoist?” Li Fan asked, furrowing his brow and not immediately agreeing.

The white-haired youth gazed at Li Fan with his hollow eyes before finally speaking, “Diyi Jinglun”

Li Fan’s eyes narrowed slightly.

He had heard of this name before.

A mortal formed a Golden Core in three years of cultivation. A Golden Core that could cut down Nascent Souls and defeat Soul Transformation cultivators.

Decades ago, he had already reached the peak of Soul Transformation, yet he gave up the opportunity to integrate with the Dao, simply because the soul of heaven and earth was too weak and did not meet his expectations.

A legend among cultivators, known as Lord Jinglun.

Li Fan had long admired his name. He hadn’t expected to meet him in person today.

However, Li Fan remained composed, neither humble nor arrogant, and cupped his hands, “So, it's the esteemed Lord Jinglun!”

“Although the order comes from the Governance Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, asking me to be the acting island master and set up this Xuantian Nether-Lock Formation…”

“I’m afraid I cannot comply!”

Li Fan’s tone was firm.

Lord Jinglun frowned.

Feeling the space around him gradually becoming heavier, Li Fan’s expression remained unchanged.

He continued, “This situation is far too suspicious, filled with conspiracies at every turn. Who can guarantee that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance won’t cast me aside once I’ve served my purpose?”

Lord Jinglun was taken aback by his words.

Then, with a slight smile, he withdrew his oppressive aura.

“So, that’s what you’re worried about…”

“There’s no need for that.”

Lord Jinglun stood up and walked to the side of the room.

As he moved, the walls of the ship became transparent.

It was as if they were standing in the clouds, with the vast Congyun Sea stretching out before them.

“Island Master Li comes from ancient times, so you may not know this. After the Great Calamity descended, strange entities called [Aberrations] began to appear across the world.”

Lord Jinglun spoke slowly.

“And there are a few places where they appear most frequently and densely.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 497


“Congyun Sea, Luo Yan Province, Cangwu Abyss, Qianling Prefecture…”

As Lord Jinglun spoke, he mentioned some names that were either familiar or foreign to Li Fan.

“The reason behind it all is that these locations harbor the 'Passages to the Nether'.”

“We haven't yet concluded what exactly the nature of these Nether Passages is. However, based on our research, if these passages remain exposed, the frequency of strange occurrences in that province will drastically increase.”

“Therefore, we must use the 'Xuantian Nether-Lock Formation' to suppress them.”

The answer Li Fan received from Lord Jinglun was completely unexpected.

“When Ten Thousand Immortal Island was still around, we never discovered this Nether Passage beneath the island. However, based on the annual reports from the Tianji Hall of Congyun Sea regarding the number of strange events, we determined that there must be one here.”

“Who would have thought it would be at the bottom of the location where the Immortal Venerable of the Dao Transmission once preached.”

“Even a trace of the Immortal Venerable's power, after a thousand years, could still effectively seal the Nether Passage. But now that Ten Thousand Immortal Island is gone, this passage must be blocked.”

“Although the existence of these strange phenomena is no secret, few know that they can spread. To prevent panic and ensure the stability of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, strict confidentiality is required.”Lord Jinglun spoke unhurriedly.

“All this secrecy... just because of this?” Li Fan couldn’t help but feel speechless at the unexpected connection between the bizarre request and the strange occurrences across the world.

“You think it's only because of this?” Lord Jinglun glanced coldly at Li Fan.

“Island Master Li, don't underestimate the strangeness. They are not as easy to deal with as you might imagine.”

His words carried a deeper meaning, but he chose not to elaborate.

Hearing this, Li Fan put away his disdainful expression and nodded slightly.

Changing the subject, he asked, “Then why was I suddenly appointed as the Acting Island Master? And what about this Congyun Sea…”

Lord Jinglun interrupted Li Fan's question, shaking his head slowly: “It seems that in ancient times, sects were riddled with internal strife. Island Master Li, you’re being overly suspicious.”

“Rest assured, everything is proceeding according to protocol.”

“As per ancient regulations, when the entire structure of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance in a certain region is destroyed, the highest-ranked surviving cultivator in that area automatically inherits the primary administrative position.”

“If there are multiple cultivators with the same rank, the one with the higher combat power will be selected.”

“You, my friend, have slain four Nascent Soul cultivators. Even if you claim to have done it with external help, such explanations may fool others, but trying to deceive us, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, is a bit too optimistic.”

“We have meticulously evaluated the power of every tool sold from the Tianxuan Mirror.”

“While it's possible for a Golden Core cultivator to defeat a Nascent Soul, doing it as cleanly and without leaving a trace like you did—impossible.”

“Among the surviving cultivators of Congyun Sea, your combat power is unmatched. Who else but you could be the Acting Island Master?”

Lord Jinglun looked at Li Fan with a half-smile as he explained.

Li Fan felt a heavy weight in his heart, and on his face, he forced a look of embarrassment, as if his secret had been exposed.

“It seems I've been overthinking it.”

“In that case, I accept the responsibility!”

He calmly replied.

Regardless of how much truth there was to it, Lord Jinglun’s words had reached this point. If Li Fan refused any longer, he feared he wouldn't be leaving that room alive.

Seeing Li Fan’s compliance, Lord Jinglun nodded in satisfaction.

“The blockade of Congyun Sea will not be lifted until Congyun Immortal City is fully rebuilt.”

“Of course, the headquarters will also send cultivators to assist in the reconstruction of Congyun Sea.”

“However, due to certain reasons, the number of reinforcements won't be large. They will only provide limited support in specific areas like the long-distance teleportation formation.”

“The main responsibility will still rest on you.”

“I will also assign a deputy to help you complete the reconstruction of the Immortal City.”

“You can request any materials needed for the construction from him.”

“The detailed list of required resources will be given to you shortly. Your primary task is to coordinate and oversee the surviving cultivators of Congyun Sea to expedite the rebuilding of Congyun Immortal City.”

...

After giving these instructions, Lord Jinglun finally allowed Li Fan to leave.

Later, a cultivator named Zhou Kebao found Li Fan and brought the approved materials list.

“Island Master Li, this is the detailed list of approved materials for the project. Please review it.” The chubby Zhou Kebao smiled as he handed the list to Li Fan.

Li Fan took the list and carefully examined it.

It was a long and detailed list. Even a rough scan would take considerable time.

The various items, both familiar and unfamiliar, were dizzying.

Only their names were listed, with no explanation of their specific purposes.

It left one feeling lost and confused.

Li Fan was no expert in most areas, but anything related to formations did not escape his sharp eye.

One of the most important functions of Congyun Immortal City was its network of teleportation formation.

The original Ten Thousand Immortal Island had 11,687 teleportation formation, including the long-distance teleportation formation.

Li Fan found the special material needed to construct these teleportation formation: 'Darkvoid Stone'. Based on the quantity listed, he did some quick calculations.

Moments later, Li Fan indeed found something amiss.

The materials listed were insufficient even to construct the small teleportation formation, let alone the long-distance one.

Li Fan's face darkened immediately: “Daoist Zhou, did you make a mistake with this list? Please check it again.”

His eyes flashed with an unmasked killing intent.

Zhou Kebao was initially stunned, then quickly took the list and rechecked it.

As he examined it, he muttered under his breath, “A mistake? Impossible... Could it be that Island Master Li…”

Before he could finish, he heard Li Fan coldly say: “Daoist Zhou, I made an oath before Lord Jinglun.”

“If the task isn't completed on time, my fate will be grim.”

“I’m a small-minded person who holds grudges!”

“If there’s no hope of completing the task, I won't mind dragging down those who sabotaged it.”

Zhou Kebao wiped the sweat from his forehead and quickly pounded his chest: “Island Master Li, no need to be so agitated. I'll check it thoroughly again!”

With that, he hurried away, not daring to meet Li Fan’s gaze.

Li Fan snorted coldly and closed his eyes, waiting.

It took nearly half a day before Zhou Kebao returned with a brand new list.

“Hehe, Island Master Li, your sharp eyes are truly impressive! There was indeed an error!”

“The previous list was only a preliminary budget. The final list includes significantly more materials.”

Li Fan took the new list and saw that the amount of resources was indeed over 50% more than the previous one.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 498


Li Fan squinted his eyes.

Seeing the vast discrepancy in the itemized list that Zhou Kebao, this chubby man, sent him, Li Fan suppressed his initial urge to act out and instead calmed himself.

A slight adjustment had led to a 50% discrepancy in quantity.

This only meant that the actual number of materials was far greater than what he had in hand.

Although there had been some corruption and embezzlement within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance recently, everyone at least made an effort to cover it up—putting on a facade to conceal their actions.

But to be this blatant, to the point of being utterly shameless?

Rebuilding a whole Immortal City is a huge task. Yet, for someone like Zhou Kebao to skim off the top so blatantly, right in front of Li Fan, the acting Island Lord, and with such large quantities...

There could only be one explanation: the people behind this were targeting Li Fan directly.

That’s right. Li Fan’s appointment as the acting Island Lord may have been legitimate and lawful.

However, that doesn’t prevent someone from exploiting this, launching a conspiracy against him the moment they learned of his appointment.Perhaps it was for him personally, or perhaps for the massive amount of contribution points associated with him.

Up until now, everything Li Fan had done—from trading rare Samantabhadra True Leaves to gathering and reinvesting the contributions of other cultivators—had been in the open, not intentionally concealed.

Except for his dealings with the empire, every transaction he had made was traceable.

It didn’t take precise calculations; even a rough estimate would reveal the staggering amount of contribution points currently in Li Fan’s possession.

With so much at stake, it was no wonder someone had taken notice of him.

Aside from wealth, there was also resentment.

Tantai Can, who suffered a loss during the Samantabhadra True Leaf speculation incident, might also be fanning the flames in this situation.

People often act only after thorough planning. As his thoughts raced, Li Fan’s gaze swept back over the list.

After a while, he nodded slightly and carefully put the list away.

At the same time, he asked casually, "Fellow Daoist Zhou, besides this list, is there anything else you need to hand over?"

"No, nothing more." Zhou Kebao smiled broadly and shook his head repeatedly.

Seeing this, Li Fan sneered inwardly.

However, he didn’t confront him yet. Instead, he cupped his hands and said, "Rebuilding the Immortal City is a matter of great importance, involving many aspects. It’s extremely complex. I need to carefully consider the specifics."

Li Fan pretended to ponder for a moment, then said, "How about this: I’ll make some preparations first. When it’s time to officially start the work, I’ll contact you, Fellow Daoist Zhou!"

Zhou Kebao patted his chest and readily agreed, "No problem! Acting Island Master Li, whatever you need, just say the word. I’ll fully cooperate to ensure we carry out the task entrusted by Master Jinglun perfectly."

Li Fan didn’t respond to his flattery. He merely gave Zhou Kebao a cold, piercing look for a moment.

Then, with a sweep of his sleeve, he left, flying away from the Dust-Crossing Boat.

As Li Fan’s figure gradually disappeared into the distance, the smile on Zhou Kebao’s face slowly faded, replaced with disdain and mockery.

"Let’s see how you handle things in half a year..." he muttered coldly. He took out a communication talisman, and after contacting someone, he relayed everything that had transpired.

Zhou Kebao, thinking he had Li Fan tightly in his grasp and victory within reach, would never have imagined that his every move was being monitored by Li Fan through a heaven-wide omniscient view granted by a formless killing intent.

"As expected, there’s a traitor..."

"It seems I can’t count on help from Jinglun’s faction. If I want to rebuild the Immortal City, I’ll have to rely on the people under my control."

Returning to the Island of Shenhua, Li Fan glanced at Tian Yang, who was standing by and watching the children from Outer realm, and felt slightly reassured.

"With Tian Yang, who possesses Soul Transformation strength, guarding the area, at least we can keep petty troublemakers at bay."

"But it’s still not enough..."

Li Fan took out a glowing jade token, engraved with the character "Ten Thousand," and began to sense it carefully.

This was the Island Lord’s token, given to him alongside the letter of appointment as acting Island Lord.

Aside from symbolizing his authority, its most significant function was that it allowed him to view and contact all the official cultivators under his jurisdiction.

A vast network of interpersonal relationships instantly emerged in Li Fan’s mind.

At the top, of course, was himself.

Below him, the cultivators were divided into various departments: the Formation Hall, Martial Arts Hall, Tianji Hall, and the guards of various islands, as well as external personnel from different departments.

Each node represented a cultivator.

By focusing on a single node, Li Fan could view the basic information of the corresponding cultivator and directly contact them.

"So, the number of official cultivators in the Congyun Sea is actually this large..."

Li Fan couldn’t help but feel slightly amazed.

Aside from the usual positions, there were some strange and obscure roles he had never heard of.

For example, the "Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance Congyun Sea Cultivator Feedback Collection Specialist," the "Shilin State Liaison to Congyun Sea," and the "Earth Vein Supervisor."

One face after another appeared in his mind.

Li Fan had encountered many of these people before. He had always assumed they were just ordinary wandering cultivators, not realizing they held official positions.

Most of the nodes had dimmed, indicating that these cultivators had either perished or were out of contact.

But the number of active cultivators remaining was still quite substantial.

"It seems the main force for rebuilding the Immortal City will have to come from this group."

"However, the quality of these people varies greatly, and I only know most of them in passing. How can I select the right ones?"

Li Fan frowned, eliminating from consideration the cultivators who had already been captured by the Five Elders Association.

He carefully reviewed the remaining cultivators.

Suddenly, his gaze paused on one of the cultivators.

"Hmm, this person..."

An idea instantly formed in Li Fan’s mind.

---

In a hidden cave somewhere in the Congyun Sea.

Gao Yuan, who had been in seclusion, suddenly woke up from a nightmare.

The other day, the Five Elders Association had attacked the Congyun Sea, forcibly taking the Ten Thousand Immortals Island and causing the deaths of hundreds of cultivators.

Gao Yuan had narrowly escaped the disaster by being away on business at the time.

However, the terrifying scene of those cultivators’ deaths had burned into his mind, becoming his inner demon.

"I didn’t expect the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to be so incompetent. They couldn’t even defend an Immortal City from being taken, and instead, they locked down the Congyun Sea and vented their frustrations on their own people."

"And to think I’ve been loyally guarding the gates of the Ministry of Governance for decades..."

"Maybe I should join the Five Elders Association instead..."

Wiping the cold sweat from his forehead, Gao Yuan couldn’t help but think this way.

Just then, the official communication talisman, which he had assumed would never activate again, suddenly lit up.

Gao Yuan’s heart raced. He thought his treacherous thoughts had been discovered so quickly.

But when he nervously picked up the talisman and checked it, his face showed an odd expression of excitement.

"Acting Island Lord Li Fan?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 499


Li Fan briefly explained the matter of rebuilding the Immortal City of Congyun Sea to him and invited him for a meeting. His tone was friendly, without any hint of the authority of an island lord. This made Gao Yuan feel a bit flattered.

Having spent most of his life working hard on Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Gao Yuan knew that these so-called "acting" or "deputy" roles were often harder to deal with than those officially appointed. Although he didn’t know why this well-known cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect had chosen him, Gao Yuan knew he was currently his top direct superior and dared not neglect him.

Quickly tidying up, Gao Yuan hurried to the agreed meeting location. As for defecting... that was nothing but idle complaints. Defecting was impossible. Not to mention the immense risk involved, Gao Yuan was, after all, a part of the system within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. If he were to defect to the Five Elders Association, would his life really be better without any special skills? Most likely, after all the valuable information in his head had been extracted, he would be discarded, ignored, and forgotten.

He wasn’t that foolish.

Suppressing his scattered thoughts, Gao Yuan pondered the reason this newly appointed acting island lord wanted to meet him as he made his way to the location. After a while, he finally arrived.

Tai'an Island.

The island's protective formation opened, revealing a passage, and Gao Yuan flew inside.

As he entered, he saw the acting island lord, Li Fan, sitting in front. Next to him, the guard of Tai'an Island, Zhou Qingang, stood nervously, sweating profusely, looking visibly tense.

The two seemed to have been discussing some sensitive topic but stopped when they saw Gao Yuan arrive. Seeing this, Gao Yuan couldn't help but feel a pang of apprehension.

The guard of Tai'an Island had a position one rank higher than Gao Yuan. Yet even he was so flustered in front of Li Fan. It seemed that this ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect cultivator was not going to be easy to deal with.Gao Yuan, who had seen many people in his life, immediately became more cautious. He stepped forward, bowed, and greeted Li Fan.

"Greetings, Island Lord!"

"You're here," Li Fan said, smiling kindly at Gao Yuan.

"Do you know why I called you here?" Li Fan asked.

Gao Yuan was puzzled but respectfully replied, "I do not know, my lord."

"I heard you were stationed at the gates of the Administrative Hall before?" Li Fan asked after a brief silence, just as Gao Yuan was starting to feel uneasy.

"Yes, my lord," Gao Yuan answered respectfully, though he knew it was a rhetorical question.

"How long have you been in service?"

"Ninety-eight years and counting."

"A hundred years pass by in the blink of an eye. You've worked hard."

"After a century in the same post without any transfers, have you ever felt any resentment?" Li Fan asked.

"I dare not," Gao Yuan said, feeling a twinge of anxiety as he quickly shook his head, expressing his loyalty.

"Good," Li Fan nodded in approval, then got to the point.

"Every cultivator in the system must undergo the test at the White Jade Heart-Questioning Platform in the Administrative Hall when they join. Routine tasks also often require going to the Administrative Hall. So, you must have some understanding of the cultivators within the Congyun Sea system, right?" Li Fan asked.

"I wouldn't dare boast, my lord. But I am familiar with the basic information," Gao Yuan replied, carefully observing Li Fan before adding, "At the very least, I won't mistake anyone's identity. Also, I know who has a good temper, who has a powerful background, and who shouldn't be offended. These things I make sure to understand."

"In our lowly positions, if we don't watch our step and offend the wrong people, the consequences won’t be pleasant."

"Good. I want you to help me identify which of these cultivators are useful!" Li Fan ignored Gao Yuan's complaints and with a wave of his hand, a mass of cultivators' portraits, like a cluster of stars, appeared densely in front of Gao Yuan.

"Useful people?" Gao Yuan was momentarily stunned.

But remembering that Li Fan had mentioned the grand task of rebuilding the Immortal City, his heart began to race.

"You know, I've only just awakened recently, and I'm not familiar with the personnel in Congyun Sea," Li Fan said quietly from the front. "Being suddenly entrusted with such a great responsibility makes me nervous. I'm afraid of messing things up.

"As the saying goes, to accomplish great things, you must first sharpen your tools. To successfully complete this task, I need a strong team.

"Since you're somewhat familiar with them, why not give me some advice?

"Once the Immortal City is founded, your contributions will not be forgotten!"

Hearing this, Gao Yuan felt his throat go dry. Looking at the cultivators he once had to carefully serve, now standing before him, he realized he could decide their fates with a single word.

Once, he could only look up to them. But now, he could easily determine their futures. Just one word from him, and they could join the new island lord’s team for achieving greatness.

...

"So this is the taste of power?" His heart began to race uncontrollably, his face flushed, and he was filled with a sense of exhilaration. However, he did not let this fleeting sense of false glory cloud his judgment.

He knew full well that the little "power" he held was all granted by the island lord in front of him. Until the Immortal City was built, all of this was just a castle in the air—beautiful, but fragile and prone to collapse at any moment.

But if the Immortal City was successfully built, then this power would become real. The feeling of being able to control destiny at will was so intoxicating that Gao Yuan found it hard to resist after tasting it for the first time.

He silently swore to himself that he would do everything he could to seize this rare opportunity and transform his career.

He then proceeded to review the list of cultivators one by one, introducing each of them in detail to Li Fan.

Time passed slowly.

Li Fan listened patiently to Gao Yuan's detailed introductions, feeling more and more surprised as time went on. This seemingly ordinary gatekeeper, whom he had only encountered by chance during his entry into the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, was far more capable than he had expected.

Not only did he know every cultivator’s basic details, but he was also aware of their temperaments and the complex relationships they might have behind the scenes.

"Turns out I’ve found a real treasure," Li Fan thought.

As Gao Yuan's introduction deepened, Li Fan grew increasingly satisfied with him.

"Even small figures have their uses. This could be the key to breaking the stalemate," he thought.

One by one, the suitable cultivators were selected and remembered by Li Fan.

...

Half a month later.

All surviving cultivators within the Congyun Sea system received a message from the acting island lord.

Seven days later, a ceremony for the rebuilding of Congyun Sea Immortal City would be held at the original site of Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

Everyone was required to attend on time.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 500


The name of Li Fan was one that everyone had heard of.

However, very few people knew that he had been appointed as the acting Island lord.

Thus, when they received the notification, everyone was taken aback.

Then, a sense of dissatisfaction grew in their hearts.

Although Master Li had the ability to deduce the workings of fate, at the end of the day, he was only at the Golden Core stage. There were many Nascent Soul cultivators who had survived in the Congyun Sea, so why was he made the Island lord?

The public knew that Li Fan was quite wealthy—could he have bought his way into this position?

And with such high profile behavior, organizing a grand reconstruction ceremony...

Various thoughts surged through their minds.

However, regardless of their thoughts, the position of acting Island lord was issued and certified by the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Even if some held disdain in their hearts, they dared not defy the order.

So, most people awaited the day with a sense of curiosity, ready to see what would happen.Soon, seven days passed, and the cultivators of the Congyun Sea gathered at the old site of the Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

Even some who were not part of the formal system heard the news and came to join in the excitement.

As people conversed with each other, they gazed at the bottomless black hole in the sea, reminiscing about the past events of Ten Thousand Immortal Island, feeling deeply moved.

As time passed, more and more cultivators arrived to witness the ceremony.

But Li Fan, the star of the event, was still nowhere to be seen.

Naturally, this stirred some murmurs among the crowd.

At that moment, a beam of light flew in from the distance, catching everyone's attention.

“To congratulate Daoist Li Fan on his appointment as acting Island Lord of Ten Thousand Immortal Island, (Oracle)-Shen Yuzi of Tianyun Prefecture presents a scroll of the 'Tianyun Pill Scripture' as a token of goodwill!”

A handsome boy, holding a dust whisk, floated in the air above the crowd and announced this.

He tossed the scroll upwards, and as the crowd gasped in awe, the scroll expanded into a long dragon-like figure, spiraling through the sky.

Seven-colored light continuously radiated from the scroll, and then, in front of everyone, the 'Tianyun Pill Scripture' disappeared.

The boy bowed slightly toward the void, ignoring the crowd below, and turned into a beam of light, flying off into the distance.

“Fellow Daoists, look quickly! Doesn’t this place seem different from before?”

“Of course! It's said that the Tianyun Pill Scripture can gather luck and change one's fate. With this treasure's blessing, the reconstruction of the immortal city is bound to succeed!”

“Wow... But who is this Shen Yuzi? Such a precious treasure, and he gave it away so casually?”

The onlookers started discussing excitedly.

Before they could calm down, another beam of light came from the horizon.

“To congratulate... Daoist Jingxuan of Tianyun Prefecture presents the 'Sea-Calming Azure Bull' as a token of goodwill!”

A young Daoist appeared before the crowd, leading a blue ox.

The ox let out a soft cry, and its body instantly grew to the size of a massive mountain.

“Moo!”

Its cry echoed across the Congyun Sea, transforming into green light that spread out to the farthest corners of the sea.

“Such a grand gesture! With this treasure, the Congyun Sea will be calm for at least three years!” A knowledgeable cultivator couldn't help but exclaim.

“And what’s the relationship between Daoist Jingxuan and Island Lord Li?”

As the crowd was filled with surprise and curiosity, more beams of light continued to arrive, delivering various gifts.

Guangwu from Tianquan Prefecture, Huangfu Song from Tianyu Prefecture...

These were all powerful cultivators from the core regions of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

“At the very least, these people are at the Soul Transformation stage...” After some investigation, the cultivators present couldn’t help but be secretly amazed.

“It seems that our Island Lord has some deep connections. No wonder he was entrusted with this position, despite only being at the Golden Core stage.”

“Not necessarily. These people didn’t show up in person; they just sent subordinates to deliver gifts. Maybe our Island Lord paid for them to come and put on a show!” However, there were still those who remained skeptical.

As the continuous flow of gifts gradually subsided, the crowd began to think that Li Fan would soon make his appearance.

Suddenly, a magnificent flying ship broke through the sky.

Thirty-six Nascent Soul cultivators cleared the way, as a young cultivator with sharp features and an extraordinary aura, dressed in white, slowly descended.

“Tianshu Prefecture’s Tantai Can congratulates Island Lord Li Fan!”

The thirty-six Nascent Soul cultivators spoke in unison, their voices reverberating through the air.

This sight left the cultivators of Congyun Sea completely speechless.

“Tantai Can? From the Tantai clan?!”

Those familiar with the Tantai clan's background were utterly shocked.

Even those who didn’t know who Tantai Can was were awestruck by the spectacle of thirty-six Nascent Soul cultivators leading the way.

From a distant skyship, Zhou Kebao stood up in disbelief as he witnessed the scene unfold.

“Tantai Can? Why is he here?” His eyes were filled with confusion. “This doesn’t make any sense!”

After a long pause, a flash of fear crossed Zhou Kebao’s face.

“Could it be that this is all part of a bigger plot?”

With growing unease, Zhou Kebao quickly took out a communication talisman to inform his allies of the sudden development.

...

With Tantai Can's arrival, the atmosphere reached its peak.

At this point, it was time for Li Fan to finally appear.

“Boom!”

“Boom!”

Loud booming sounds echoed from the distance, as if a colossal beast from ancient times was rapidly approaching.

“Look over there! What is that?” A sharp-eyed cultivator noticed something unusual in the direction of the noise.

A towering stone giant appeared on the horizon.

Standing in the middle of the Congyun Sea, the water barely reached its lower legs.

Despite its massive size, the stone giant moved with astonishing speed.

Crossing the sea in just a few steps, it caused tremors throughout the Congyun Sea with each step.

In no time, the stone giant had arrived at the old site of Ten Thousand Immortal Island.

The cultivators, unsure of what was happening, assumed it was a sneak attack by the Five Elders Association and immediately tensed up.

Sensing the immense aura radiating from the stone giant, their faces turned pale.

“A peak Soul Transformation cultivator?”

As the stone giant drew closer, the overwhelming pressure caused some cultivators to pull out their magical artifacts in preparation.

At that moment, led by Gao Yuan, He Zhenghao, and Zhou Qingang, over a hundred cultivators flew out in perfect synchronization, as if they had rehearsed this many times.

They all bowed toward the massive stone giant. “Welcome, Island Lord!”

“Hahaha, no need for such formalities!” A hearty laugh rang out from atop the giant's head.

Only then did the crowd realize that a cultivator stood atop the head of the Soul Transformation-stage stone giant.

That cultivator was none other than Li Fan!

To have a Soul Transformation True Monarch willingly let a Golden Core cultivator stand on his head...

This was definitely not something that could be achieved with mere contributions.

The fact that powerful cultivators from the core of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would help him, and even Soul Transformation cultivators would bow to him...

Just what kind of background did Island Lord Li Fan have?

Even the usually calm Tantai Can, who had maintained a composed expression throughout, now showed a flicker of emotion in his eyes as he gazed at Li Fan from above.

---

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 501


The enormous stone figure extended its right hand, and Li Fan flew into its palm.

Afterward, the stone figure held him up, presenting him before the crowd.

Li Fan surveyed the vast number of cultivators gathered, his expression solemn, and said, "Not long ago, I was honored by a senior and entrusted with the position of acting Island Lord, tasked with rebuilding Congyun Immortal City."

"I am naturally inclined toward a carefree life, but this sudden heavy responsibility has left me feeling overwhelmed."

"However, I dare not betray the trust of the Immortal Alliance and the senior. Thus, I made a military pledge before Lord Jinglun to rebuild the Immortal City within six months."

"The time is short, and the task is heavy. But I believe that with the collective efforts of us cultivators in Congyun Sea, we can certainly complete this mission successfully."

"To have an Immortal City of an entire region captured is truly unheard of!"

Li Fan pointed to the massive empty pit below and said, "As long as this ruin remains, it is a mark of shame on the faces of us Congyun Sea cultivators!"

"I hope all of you will join me in washing away this disgrace!"

After speaking, Li Fan bowed deeply to the crowd.The cultivators were visibly moved. Whether out of genuine respect or forced courtesy, they returned the gesture.

"When the rebuilding of the Immortal City is complete, I will be here again, to reward merit and punish wrongdoing, and to celebrate with you all!"

Li Fan stood up straight and spoke aloud.

His voice echoed far and wide, lingering in the air for a long time.

The crowd gazed at Li Fan, their expressions varied.

"Gao yuan!"

After a moment of silence, Li Fan suddenly called out.

"Here I am!" Gao yuan, his face flushed with excitement, flew out.

"Announce the personnel orders for the reconstruction of the Immortal City," Li Fan instructed.

"Yes!"

Gao yuan proudly glanced around, cleared his throat, and took out a scroll from his storage ring, imbuing his voice with spiritual power to read aloud:

"Liuli Island's Warden He Zhenghao is appointed Chief Inspector, overseeing all matters related to material allocation and consumption in the rebuilding of the Immortal City."

"Haitong Island's Warden Pei Tuo is appointed Chief Commander, responsible for all security matters during the rebuilding of the Immortal City."

"Tai'an Island's Warden Zhou Qing'ang is appointed Chief Coordinator, handling communication between various departments during the reconstruction."

...

As the personnel orders were read one after another, the expressions of the cultivators present subtly changed.

They realized that the individuals named were precisely the group of people who had just stood up to greet Li Fan.

Everyone suddenly understood.

So, these people already knew that Li Fan had been appointed as acting Island Lord, and had pledged their allegiance early on?

And Li Fan was being blatantly biased in his appointments, not even trying to hide it!

Look at He Zhenghao, Pei Tuo, and Zhou Qing'ang—at best, they are only at the peak of the Golden Core stage.

Their status is even higher than some Nascent Soul cultivators—does that seem right?

Though many were silently grumbling, they couldn't help but feel a sense of regret for not acting more shrewdly and earlier.

After the announcements were complete, Gao yuan returned to the crowd, and Li Fan smiled and said, "Rebuilding the Immortal City is an enormous undertaking. I am sure I have overlooked many things."

"Moreover, Congyun Sea is rich with talent, and some may have been missed. Therefore, I appoint Gao yuan as the Chief Attendant. Anyone willing to volunteer and contribute to the reconstruction can seek him out."

With these words, the cultivators, who had been somewhat displeased with missing out on the earlier opportunities, suddenly became eager again.

"Everyone!" Li Fan concluded.

"The Five Elders Association's raid has dealt a devastating blow to us in Congyun Sea."

"The Island’s Administrative Hall, Formation Hall, Martial Hall..."

"Almost everything was wiped out! This has left numerous positions vacant, and we can't even handle our regular affairs properly."

At this point, Li Fan paused briefly.

He sighed and scanned the crowd, speaking with hopeful anticipation, "I look forward to seeing all of you work hard to restore the former glory of Congyun Sea!"

The cultivators weren't sure if Congyun Sea had any "glory" to restore, but Li Fan's meaning was crystal clear:

Due to the Five Elders Association's attack, there are many vacant positions on the island! I only have about a hundred people under me, and they can't fill all the gaps! If you have the ability, now is your chance! Don’t wait—once the Immortal City is rebuilt in six months, it’ll be too late!

Everyone had a moment of realization.

Indeed, the current positions are nothing more than temporary "titles" created for the sake of rebuilding the city.

What’s a Chief Commander or Chief Inspector? They sound impressive, but their authority is granted solely by Li Fan, the acting Island Lord.

When the Immortal City is rebuilt, these positions will lose all significance.

It’s Li Fan’s talk of "rewarding merit and punishing wrongdoing" that’s the real deal.

If one can make a notable contribution during the reconstruction process and secure a position within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's formal structure...

At this thought, many cultivators felt their hearts race with excitement.

The entrance exams for the Alliance are notoriously difficult, and once in, advancing through the ranks is even harder.

Island Lord Li is right! This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!

Many cultivators quietly turned their gaze toward Gao yuan, already calculating how to curry favor with this close confidant of Li Fan.

After some more words of encouragement to the crowd, Li Fan announced the end of the ceremony and that the official rebuilding of the Immortal City would commence the next day.

Tantai Can, who was aboard the flying boat, saw this and left without waiting for the crowd to disperse or even saying goodbye to Li Fan, flying away directly.

Judging by his expression, he seemed quite upset.

However, most cultivators were too engrossed in their ambitions to notice.

Li Fan watched Tantai Can’s figure disappear into the distance and sneered inwardly.

The cultivators present had guessed right—Shen yuzi, Jing Xuan, Guang Wu, and Huangfu Song had all been invited by Li Fan through his contributions.

As for this rising star from the Tantai clan, Li Fan had no personal relationship with him, and there was even some hidden animosity. He certainly couldn’t be swayed by mere contributions.

The only reason Tantai Can had come to celebrate Li Fan today was because of a contract he was forced to sign with Jiao Xiuyuan during the recent Samantabhadra True Leaf incident.

The contract required him to agree to three requests within his ability.

So, even though Tantai Can tried to hinder Li Fan behind the scenes, he had no choice but to show up and offer his congratulations.

For someone as proud as him, this must have been humiliating.

Naturally, he wouldn’t tell anyone about it.

Thus, in the eyes of certain people, Tantai Can’s actions seemed quite contradictory and strange.

As for his deteriorating relationship with Tantai Can, Li Fan didn’t care at all.

After all, he would have to abandon his identity as a cultivator of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect sooner or later. One more grudge wouldn’t matter.

What mattered now was the successful rebuilding of Congyun Immortal City.

Although he had managed to use influence to gather support and resolve the issue of having no one to rely on...

There was still a pressing problem, one that could prove fatal.

Li Fan recalled Jiao Xiuyuan’s words: "The materials on the list are sufficient to successfully construct a floating Immortal City."

"But..."

"That's assuming everything goes perfectly, with no mistakes."

"In reality, the construction process almost always involves some material losses due to errors."

"Some materials are easy to deal with; I can sell them to you through certain channels at a lower price."

"But some special materials are strictly controlled by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and can’t be bought, even with contribution points."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 502


"Even Jiao Xiuyuan said so. It seems that obtaining these strategic resources from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance through regular means is truly impossible," Li Fan thought to himself.

He was well aware that rebuilding an entire floating immortal city was an immense project, and it was impossible to achieve without any losses. The city itself was like a massive, intricate machine, where missing a few key components might prevent the whole thing from functioning properly. Even if he could find a way to cover it up, those lurking in the shadows would likely report him.

So...

"Only the one who tied the bell can untie it," Li Fan's eyes narrowed.

Those behind this plot had targeted him for either revenge or profit. However, they surely didn’t want the situation to escalate to the point where it attracted the attention of higher authorities. The reconstruction of the Congyun Immortal City was a top priority for the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, and no one could defy that order.

However, who handled the actual work was a matter that concerned Li Fan and his followers’ future prospects.

"The missing materials from the resource list must still be with Zhou Kebao and his group. Now, I need to figure out a way to make them cough it up," Li Fan thought, activating his hidden killing intent as he fixed his gaze on Zhou Kebao.

---

In a dim room aboard the Dust-Crossing Boat.

Zhou Kebao was pacing anxiously back and forth. In front of him, a shimmering light flickered, its shape unclear. Soon after, the light stopped moving, and a few figures appeared."So, what did Tantai Can say?" Zhou Kebao asked urgently.

"The message was sent, but there was no response."

"No reply at all."

"It was outright rejected!"

Different voices spoke up immediately.

Zhou Kebao's face flushed deep red with anger, almost as if he were about to explode. However, after trembling slightly, he managed to hold his tongue.

After a moment of silence, one of the figures across from him couldn't help but ask, "What is Tantai Can up to?"

"Yeah, he was the one who incited us to act earlier. Why has he suddenly changed his mind and sided with Li Fan?"

"Enough! Stop arguing!" A deep, commanding voice suddenly interrupted the bickering.

The speaker seemed to hold considerable authority, as the other cultivators immediately fell silent when he spoke.

"From what I can see, it seems we've fallen into Tantai Can's trap," he analyzed calmly. "First, he used the tens of millions of contribution points on Li Fan as bait to lure us in. After we spent a fortune to clear the so-called ‘connections’ he provided, thinking we could force Li Fan into submission, he then turned around and betrayed us."

Zhou Kebao slammed his hand down on the table. "That doesn't make sense! What does Tantai Can stand to gain from this? We may not be able to compare to the Tantai clan, but united, we're not easy to mess with either! Why would he deliberately make so many enemies?"

His words were met with nods of agreement, as everyone clearly struggled to understand Tantai Can’s actions.

"Maybe he doesn't want to oppose us; maybe he's trying to completely subdue us!" A figure suddenly interjected.

"I heard that not long ago, during the Samantabhadra True Leaf incident, Tantai Can was publicly criticized by the Immortal Lord Li Ruo. Recently, his status within the family has been very shaky. Some of his former advisors have even switched allegiance to other members of the Tantai clan."

"Given that, he must be trying every possible way to secure his position. And so, he’s set his sights on us."

The room fell into deep contemplation as everyone considered this new possibility.

"Indeed! Looking at it now, his plan has been quite successful. We've gotten ourselves into a situation where we can't back down. Our plan to use the Congyun Immortal City's reconstruction timeline to pressure Li Fan has clearly failed. Li Fan and Tantai Can are in league with each other, and the materials we've siphoned off probably aren't something he’s lacking."

"Dao Transmission Spirit Bones, Tianxuan Crystal Shards, Nether Transformation Ancient Wood..."

"These are items strictly prohibited for personal use. It's fine if we hold onto them for a short time, but if we're caught with them later..." Zhou Kebao shuddered.

"We'd like to sell them, but these materials have no use outside of city construction!"

"And aside from the Congyun Sea, where else is there a suspended city under construction?"

"That sly Tantai Can! It won't be long before he comes knocking on our door to threaten us."

"Ugh, that’s likely. After all, skimming construction materials and bribery are things that can't be exposed."

The more they discussed it, the more anxious everyone became.

Once again, the authoritative voice spoke up to calm the group.

"Don't panic. The situation isn't as bad as we’re imagining. This is all just speculation for now. We might be scaring ourselves over nothing."

"Let's do this: since we can't get in touch with Tantai Can, let's start by probing Li Fan. See if we can figure out what’s really going on."

Zhou Kebao nodded upon hearing this.

"Even though this man is an ancient cultivator, he's quite mysterious. Despite only being at the Golden Core stage, he's stirred up quite the storm and gotten involved with many long-established Soul Transformation cultivators. We can't take him lightly," the person cautioned.

"Don't worry, Daoist Long, I understand," Zhou Kebao promised.

The light gradually dissipated, and Li Fan withdrew his gaze.

"So, just a disorganized rabble," he chuckled to himself.

He began contemplating how to peel another layer off these people.

---

Zhou Kebao's patience exceeded Li Fan's expectations.

As the reconstruction of Congyun Immortal City proceeded in full force, and more than ten supporting cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters had arrived, Zhou Kebao still hadn't tested Li Fan.

He merely went about his daily routine, greeting Li Fan as if nothing were amiss.

If it weren’t for the clear records in the Dao Stone in his mind, Li Fan might have thought it was all an illusion.

But Li Fan’s patience was equally unyielding.

"No rush. I'll play along for now," he thought.

With over four months left before the deadline for the city’s completion, Li Fan could afford to wait.

Through Jiao Xiuyuan, he replenished the necessary materials, so the basic construction of the city proceeded without delay.

The primary buildings, such as the long-distance teleportation formation, the Tianxuan Mirror, and the Hall of Administration, would be constructed last.

And there was still enough material for at least one trial-and-error attempt.

So, Li Fan was in no hurry.

At the same time, he hadn't forgotten the task given to him by Lord Jinglun: to build the Xuantian Nether-Lock Formation into the foundation of the city.

Li Fan's skills in array formations had improved considerably, and he had even participated in the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation, giving him far greater insight than the average cultivator.

In the formation diagram of the 'Xuantian Nether-Lock Formation', he could clearly see traces of the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation's design.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 503


The underlying structure of the formation differed, but the sense of confinement and sealing everything off was identical.

Li Fan could even make a bold assumption: the inspiration for the Tianxuan Spirit-Locking Formation might very well have come from this 'Xuantian Nether-Locking Formation'.

The term "Xuantian" was hard for Li Fan not to associate with the Xuantian Sect, which had long disappeared in the annals of history.

"Could it be that the strange occurrences in the world can be traced back to the time when the Xuantian Sect still existed?"

"Does this mean that even in the Fallen Immortal Realm, one could encounter strange anomalies?"

Li Fan pondered while studying the formation diagram, his thoughts wandering.

The formation diagram was crafted using some special technique and was encrypted with several restrictions, making it impossible for outsiders to view the complete structure of the Nether-Locking Formation.

It allowed those who were not skilled in formations to operate the formation in a simplified manner, outputting its effects externally.

"This is quite ingenious!" After studying it for a long time, Li Fan temporarily gave up on understanding the full structure of the Nether-Locking Formation and sighed in admiration.

During his routine checks on the progress of the construction, when no one was watching, Li Fan carved the 'Xuantian Nether-Locking Formation' into the gradually forming Congyun Immortal City.While Li Fan was exhausting his efforts to build the floating city, far away in the "territory of the Five Elders Association", a trace of consciousness attached to a puppet's body was enduring some suffering.

Since arriving at the bamboo hut to listen to the scholar's lectures, more than two months had passed.

He hadn't gained much more insight into the specific situation of the Five Elders Association, but instead had been forced to memorize many legends about cultivators altering the world in the 'Humane Heavenly Domain'.

Wang Linlang loved beauty and swore, "No one in the world shall see white hair." As a result, in the Humane Heavenly Domain, even the elderly mortals had shiny black hair.

Yue Chengjin, abandoned by his lover, grew resentful and cursed, "All lovers shall become siblings." This led to decades of tragic, forbidden love stories. Fortunately, the rule was reversed through the sincere wishes of a truly loving couple.

Qu Su loved fishing but often returned empty-handed, so he made a grand vow: all fish in the world would bite the bait upon seeing it. Thus, everyone became a master angler.

…

There were countless such tales. Initially, they were amusing, but after hearing them continuously for three months, it became unbearable.

Like the other cultivators in front of the bamboo pavilion, Li Fan found that he couldn't control his body.

He couldn't block out the scholar's words and was forced to listen.

Li Fan even realized that everything the scholar said seemed to be deeply engraved in his mind, impossible to forget even if he tried.

Thus, everyone had a resentful look on their faces as they unwillingly accepted the scholar's brainwashing.

Finally, one day, the scholar, who had been lecturing for so long, seemed to feel a bit fatigued.

He stood up and stretched lazily.

"As the saying goes, 'Seeing once is better than hearing a hundred times.' No matter how much I talk, it won't compare to you experiencing it yourselves."

The scholar looked at the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance present and smiled kindly. "I will give you three years. During these three years, you may freely visit any place under the jurisdiction of the Five Elders Association."

"After three years, you will return here. At that time, I hope you will tell me your thoughts on the Five Elders Association."

After speaking, the scholar turned and slowly walked into the bamboo house.

As the bamboo door slammed shut, the restrictions binding everyone vanished.

"What does this mean? Are we really free to leave?"

The cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance were puzzled and hesitant.

"Could this be some kind of trap?"

"You're too jumpy, friend. We are already like fish on the chopping board, ready to be slaughtered. Do they even need to use tricks on us?"

"Hmph! Why belittle ourselves and boost the enemy's morale?"

"Heh, in my opinion, as unpleasant as Brother Lu Fan’s words were, they made sense."

…

Despite their chatter, none of them dared to move or leave the valley.

Li Fan shook his head slightly and ignored them.

He headed straight in the direction he came from, attracting the attention of everyone.

As he moved further away from the bamboo house, his compressed body slowly returned to normal.

Other than that, there was no obstruction.

After exiting the long tunnel and reaching outside the cave, Li Fan noticed that the armored cultivators guarding them earlier were nowhere to be seen.

He soared into the air, trying to locate the Ten Thousand Immortals Island.

But the area where the island once was was now completely empty, without a single trace left behind.

"I wonder if the Five Elders Association has found what they were looking for."

Li Fan scanned the surroundings and couldn't help but feel a sense of loneliness, as vast as the heavens and earth, not knowing where to go.

While feeling melancholic, he suddenly realized something was wrong.

He wasn't the type to indulge in sorrow and sentimentality, so why was he having such thoughts now?

A flash of the scholar's image crossed his mind.

Was it him?

Just as Li Fan was inwardly startled, he suddenly heard someone calling out from afar: "Brother Jiao! Brother Jiao!"

Startled, Li Fan realized they were calling him.

Looking towards the voice, he saw that it was the cultivator named Lu Fan.

"Brother Jiao, where are you headed? Why don’t we travel together?" Lu Fan had exited the cave and quickly found Li Fan, hurriedly catching up.

Seeing that Li Fan was staring at him without responding, Lu Fan explained, "The Five Elders Association’s territory is vast, no less than that of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. In a foreign land, it would be better to have someone to watch your back."

"I heard that within the Five Elders Association’s domains, the "Carefree Paradise" is the most desirable place. Not only are there incredible pleasures, but there’s also a rare item called the 'Carefree Crystal Grid', which makes you feel as though you're floating like an immortal, ascending to paradise..." Lu Fan spoke excitedly.

Li Fan stared at him for a moment and asked, "As I recall, Brother Lu was once a clerk in the Congyun Sea Administration. Having received the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s pay, now that you’re free again, why not think about returning home? Why do you seem so eager to join the Five Elders Association?"

Lu Fan froze at the question.

Cold sweat began to drip from his forehead, and his face turned deathly pale.

Seeing this, Li Fan knew the answer.

"So, it’s the scholar’s doing."

"The Five Elders Association sure knows how to manipulate people’s minds."

Lu Fan muttered to himself, "What a clever trick. If Brother Jiao hadn’t reminded me, I wouldn’t have realized it."

After a moment of reflection, Lu Fan sighed deeply.

"No wonder the Five Elders Association is so confident in letting us go. Even though I now know my thoughts have been influenced, I still can’t change them."

"Even though I know the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance is my home, I can’t bring myself to want to return..."

Lu Fan was rambling, but suddenly realized that Li Fan had already flown far away.

"Brother Jiao, where are you going? Take me with you!"

"To the One-Heart Immortal Sect!" Li Fan replied without looking back.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 504


The known territories of the Five Elders Association include the four major regions: "Carefree Paradise", "Realm of Reality", "One Heart Immortal Sect", and "Humane Heavenly Domain".

As for the last location, it remains unknown for now.

The scholar who teaches classes has never mentioned it, adding to its mystery.

Currently, it seems that exploring the "Realm of Reality" and "One Heart Immortal Sect" carries the greatest risk. Meanwhile, "Humane Heavenly Domain" and "Carefree Paradise" pose no significant threats.

Li Fan, knowing the danger ahead, deliberately chose to venture into the perilous terrain. Naturally, his actions were influenced by his longstanding admiration for Senior Sister Zhao…

Well, the truth is that the real reason was Li Fan wanted to take advantage of this rare opportunity to control a puppet with a strand of his consciousness and explore the territory of One Heart Heavenly Sovereign.

From his experiences in his previous life, Li Fan learned that under Senior Sister Zhao’s control, individual entities were connected into a unified whole.

This is known as "One Mind, Many as One".

Undoubtedly, when an individual is absorbed or consumed and joins Senior Sister Zhao, their past experiences and memories are shared with the entire collective.

For Li Fan, who possesses the power of the [Truth], this was completely unacceptable.Thus, from the perspective of his true self, the 'One Heart Immortal Sect' was even more dangerous than the 'Realm of Reality'.

However, if he used this puppet body of Jiao Xiuyuan to explore, the risks would be greatly reduced.

This decision was based on several considerations: according to the scholar’s teachings, not all cultivators within the One Heart Immortal Sect had become part of Senior Sister Zhao. As one of the most formidable hunters in the world, Senior Sister Zhao was quite “picky.” Only the most elite cultivators, selected through rigorous processes, were eligible to enter the so-called 'Immortal Sect'. Even ordinary cultivators were not easily accepted, let alone a puppet body made of wood. Thus, the likelihood of Li Fan being targeted was very low.

Secondly, this puppet was one of Jiao Xiuyuan’s avatars and had a self-destruct mechanism. Even if Senior Sister Zhao, bored with her usual luxurious prey, decided to consume the puppet, what she would ultimately get would only be a piece of dead wood. The consciousness attached to it would have long since dissipated.

However, one should never underestimate the terrifying power of the 'Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign'.

Li Fan rushed northward, reducing the memories in his consciousness along the way. He removed all previous memories, leaving only the thought of "going to the 'One Heart Immortal Sect'."

Naturally, this had a side effect. The consciousness that was already barely controlling the body became even weaker, and the movements became less coordinated. As a result, the puppet of Jiao Xiuyuan appeared extremely wooden and somewhat dull-witted.

However, as long as he could relay his observations to his true self, that would be enough.

Li Fan controlled the puppet body and continued hurrying towards the One Heart Immortal Sect.

“Daoist Jiao, wait for me!” Before long, Lu Fan finally caught up, panting heavily. “After some thought, I’ve decided to go with you.”

“Although there are many rare treasures in Carefree Paradise, seeing the unparalleled Senior Sister Zhao with my own eyes would be quite the experience,” Lu Fan’s eyes flickered with longing.

Li Fan glanced at him indifferently and asked flatly, “Who are you?”

Lu Fan was taken aback.

However, after closely observing Li Fan, who seemed not to be joking, Lu Fan assumed there was something wrong with Jiao Xiuyuan’s puppet. So, he reintroduced himself.

Li Fan only nodded slightly without reducing his speed.

Lu Fan, feeling slightly annoyed, thought it would be rude to go back on his word now that he had already spoken.

The two proceeded silently toward the territory of the One Heart Immortal Sect.

Within the Five Elders Association’s territory, there were naturally teleportation formation, but they were located only in towns within the region. As cultivators of the 'Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance' who hadn’t yet submitted to the Five Elders Association, they had no access to these teleportation formation.

Unlike the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the Five Elders Association did not have a centralized immortal city in each state. Instead, they had scattered large towns where both mortals and cultivators coexisted.

These towns were divided into two zones: inner and outer. A circular wall separated the inner city, where cultivators resided, from the outer city, where mortals lived, ensuring that they wouldn’t disturb one another.

Apart from the towns, various mountain caves and sects built by cultivators could be found scattered in the wilderness.

The overall structure was quite similar to the ancient cultivation world.

Though customs differed greatly, the one constant was the 'White Mist Barrier' that separated the states.

Li Fan’s current position was in Humane Heavenly Domain, in the state of Wuding.

Beyond the White Mist Barrier ahead lay the adjacent state of Xuanyin.

To Li Fan’s surprise, there were many people gathered near the White Mist Barrier, shouting as if they were street vendors selling goods.

“Samantabhadra True Boat, 30,000 soul points per boat, buy two, get one free—no worries for large purchases!”

“If you want to cross the White Mist Barrier, come take a look! Only 100 soul points to ride the Samantabhadra True Boat, saving 15 years of lifespan! Just 100 soul points—no scams, no losses!”

“Offering plenty of True Boats for rent, contact us now!”

...

The shouts rose and fell, creating a lively scene much like a mortal market.

Their words caught Lü Fan’s attention.

“Daoist Jiao, come and see! It’s a flying boat entirely made from Samantabhadra True leaves!” Lu Fan exclaimed after inspecting it. Seeing the confused look on Li Fan’s face, he patiently explained, “After the recent craze over the Samantabhadra True Leaf, rumors spread that magic tools made from this material could prevent lifespan loss from the White Mist Barrier. This is why its price didn’t collapse completely.”

“But I’ve never seen such a functional tool before. I didn’t expect the Five Elders Association to have them in abundance...”

Lu Fan hoped for a response from Li Fan, but was met with a blank stare.

Sighing, Lu Fan stopped talking and turned to inquire more from the merchant.

The "soul points" they mentioned were the common currency of the Five Elders Association, similar to the 'contribution points' of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

By joining the Five Elders Association, one could receive free cultivation methods, but in exchange, they had to sign a soul contract.

It’s said that after accumulating enough soul points, one could dissolve the contract and regain their freedom.

However, few cultivators ever achieved this.

Most cultivators opted to exchange their soul points for higher-level cultivation methods to strengthen themselves and earn even more soul points.

In the Five Elders Association, contracts governed not just trade but every aspect of life.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 505


In ancient times, cultivators acted without restrictions.

They slaughtered entire regions of living beings to refine magical tools; they destroyed mountains, boiled seas, burned forests, and sank lands; they broke promises, acted deceitfully, robbed, and killed purely for profit...

Such behaviors were commonplace.

The reason for this lay in the fact that as a cultivator's realm increased and their strength grew, the fewer restrictions they faced.

For instance, a Soul Transformation cultivator might covet a rare treasure that a Foundation Establishment cultivator had obtained by chance. It would be incredibly easy for them to kill the Foundation Establishment cultivator and claim the treasure for themselves. In such cases, how many would opt to obtain the treasure through "trade"?

Similarly, when a Foundation Establishment cultivator is confronted by a Soul Transformation cultivator, who is exponentially stronger than them, would they dare refuse a "trade"? If the Soul Transformation cultivator were to break their promise, there would be nothing the weaker party could do except swallow their anger, and perhaps even be thankful that their life was spared.

When the two parties are so unequal, fairness in trade cannot even be discussed.

However, within the Five Elders Association, and throughout the entire Xuanhuang Realm, this dynamic has changed completely.

This is due to the existence of various contracts.

The 'Soul Contracts' signed by cultivators of the Five Elders Association, the 'Trade Contracts' that Li Fan has used many times, and the special golden contracts for buying and selling cultivation methods...These omnipresent mysterious powers truly restrain cultivators.

Even cultivators at the Dao Integration stage cannot defy the power of these contracts. Once signed, they must be obeyed.

Under the drive of these contracts, order has been established.

If the "Tianxuan Mirror" and the "Law Derivation Jade" form the foundation of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, then "contracts" are the lifeblood of the Five Elders Association.

Now, let's talk about 'Soul Points'. Soul Points are essentially a special form of energy hidden deep within the soul, sustained by the power of contracts.

Besides being used for everyday transactions, Soul Points have a special purpose: they can be spent to access the "Immortal Sect's Martial Vault".

In this vault, you can exchange for a vast array of ancient cultivation methods, texts, and treasures, which originated from ancient immortal sects.

What's even more noteworthy is that within the vault, there are authentic recreations of ancient sects from the distant past.

These real-life recreations are created by a force similar to the "Fallen Immortal Realm". Here, cultivators can explore and visit many ancient sects that have long since perished. These sects also contain the images of many ancient cultivators. Though most of these figures lack their original consciousness, they still possess bodies. In combat, their every move carries power nearly identical to that of a real person.

Cultivators of the Five Elders Association can consume Soul Points to spar repeatedly with these ancient figures, enhancing their own combat abilities. In the 'Immortal Sect's Martial Vault', any injuries sustained will not affect the physical body in reality, only causing minor soul injuries. The beauty of it is that these soul injuries can also be healed by spending Soul Points.

In theory, if someone had enough Soul Points, even a mortal who has just started cultivating could become incredibly powerful after participating in many such battles.

Thanks to the binding power of the Soul Contracts, the Five Elders Association doesn't need to suppress the combat strength of ordinary cultivators, unlike the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Of course, none of this comes for free—it’s up to the cultivator to earn it.

At the border of Wuding Prefecture, near the White Mist Barrier, Lu Fan gazed longingly at the various 'Samantabhadra True Boats'. Unfortunately, he wasn't a member of the Five Elders Association and had no Soul Points, so he could only look on with envy.

At that moment, a vendor approached and struck up a conversation: "Fellow Daoists, you must be from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and haven’t joined our Five Elders Association yet, right?"

Lu Fan’s face changed slightly upon hearing this. He scanned his surroundings cautiously, lowered his voice, and nodded: "That's right. How should I address you, and how did you figure that out?"

The vendor led the two to his stall and said, "No need to be so nervous. I’m Gu Binliang, and I specialize in trading."

"As for how I knew..." Gu Binliang smiled slightly, "The feeling is entirely different between those who have and haven't signed a "Soul Contract". And I recently heard that a batch of Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators was captured and is being 'converted.' That's why I made this guess."

Seeing Lu Fan still tense, Gu Binliang continued, "In fact, most members of the Five Elders Association don’t harbor any ill will toward you Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators. After all, there have been plenty of cases where captured cultivators were 'converted,' had a change of heart, saw the reality of things, and eventually became members of our Five Elders Association."

"And these individuals are often more loyal than ordinary members!"

Lu Fan’s expression turned sour upon hearing this.

Gu Binliang, an expert at reading people, immediately changed the subject: "Are you perhaps interested in a Samantabhadra True Boat but frustrated by the lack of Soul Points?"

"That's correct," Lu Fan admitted.

"That's not a problem. While you may not have Soul Points, surely you have some standard spirit stones on hand, right?" Gu Binliang said with a smile.

"I do have some," Lu Fan said with a trace of excitement, but a moment later, confusion flickered across his face. "Does the Five Elders Association also accept these spirit stones?"

Gu Binliang chuckled. "Since they are standardized spirit stones, they are jointly produced by both the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association. However, most Five Elders Association cultivators don’t use them, as converting them to Soul Points is a bit troublesome. So they don't accept them."

"But for me, it doesn't matter. As a true businessman, I need a fair amount of these spirit stones for transactions," Gu Binliang explained.

"A true businessman..." Lu Fan immediately understood Gu Binliang's meaning. "Then, please get me a Samantabhadra True Boat."

With a wave of Gu Binliang's hand, dozens of miniature flying boats appeared before Lu Fan.

He enthusiastically explained the differences between them.

Before long, the two completed a smooth transaction.

Just as Lu Fan was about to leave, Gu Binliang stopped him: "Do you happen to have any items lying around? In the Five Elders Association’s territory, lacking Soul Points can be quite inconvenient. I can exchange Soul Points with you."

As he spoke, Gu Binliang pulled out a small, indistinct figurine.

"This is an 'Manifested Worldly Heavenly Sovereign Statue' It can store Soul Points, and even if you’re not a member of the Five Elders Association, you can use it to trade with other cultivators."

Lu Fan was intrigued.

He began rummaging through his storage ring. Gu Binliang was willing to buy anything Lu Fan offered for sale.

When the Manifested Worldly Heavenly Sovereign Statue had accumulated fifty thousand Soul Points, Lu Fan finally ran out of things he was willing to part with.

"If you need anything in the future, feel free to find me," Gu Binliang said with a cheerful smile, handing over a communication talisman.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 506


The style of this communication talisman is almost indistinguishable from those of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Lu Fan carefully put it away and then, accompanied by Li Fan, who seemed to be in a daze, piloted the Samantabhadra True Boat and charged into the white mist barrier.

Surrounded by a blanket of whiteness, no matter how fast they traveled, their vision couldn’t penetrate the mist.

Inside the flying boat, Lu Fan had his eyes slightly closed, as if sensing something.

When the Samantabhadra True Boat finally broke through the Essence-Devouring White Mist, he excitedly opened his eyes: “The loss of life force has been reduced from about fifteen days to just one day. It's almost negligible! This is truly worth more than its weight in gold!”

“With this item, the white mist barrier will no longer be an obstacle for us cultivators. The world is vast, and now we can explore it freely without worrying about losing our lifespan.”

Lu Fan couldn’t help but show a trace of regret: “It’s a pity that the principle behind this thing was first discovered by our Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, but it was the Five Elders Association that managed to spread its use first!”

“It’s certainly a great item. But we've already delayed long enough. We should hurry to the One Heart Immortal Sect,” urged the puppet body, whose body was sustained by a mere fragment of its original will.

“Heh, seems like Daoist Jiao is even more anxious than I am,” Lu Fan was momentarily startled, then revealed a knowing smile.

He immediately accelerated again, flying northward without stopping.The territory of the Five Elders Association, like that of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, was vast and sparsely populated.

As they traveled along the road, it was common not to encounter any other cultivators for half a day. Even if they saw the light of a distant cultivator's flight, both parties would consciously avoid each other.

What Lu Fan feared — that the cultivators of the Five Elders Association would come looking for trouble — never happened.

Thus, they peacefully crossed more than a dozen regions. When they flew out of the white mist barrier once more, however, the Samantabhadra True Boat suddenly lost control and plummeted toward the ground.

Fortunately, Lu Fan reacted in time, flying out of the boat and storing it in his storage ring before it crashed.

“This place…”

He looked up at the sky, his brows tightly furrowed.

This area seemed somewhat different from the place they had just been.

He couldn't quite put his finger on what was different, but the strange feeling was undeniable.

“Is this the One Heart Immortal Sect?” Li Fan also looked around, his tone returning to its usual liveliness.

“Let’s scout out the situation first,” Lu Fan suggested.

“Sounds good,” Li Fan nodded in agreement.

Thus, the two began exploring Wangyu Prefecture. The general layout was similar to that of the Human Realm, with most of the population concentrated in small, scattered towns, where cultivators and mortals lived separately.

However, during their journey, both Li Fan and Lu Fan noticed something unusual.

In this One Heart Immortal Sect, things seemed strangely…

Harmonious?

Fighting and arguments, which were common in human interactions, seemed nonexistent in Wangyu Prefecture.

Even the haggling between buyers and sellers during business transactions was absent.

As they traveled, everyone was courteous and exceptionally friendly to one another.

While these scenes appeared heartwarming and touching on the surface, to outsiders like Li Fan, they felt a bit eerie.

Out of caution, both maintained smiles and tried to blend in with the crowd without standing out.

At the same time, they quietly gathered information about the true One Heart Immortal Sect.

In this land, the existence of the 'Great Immortal Sect' was no secret.

However, the answers they received from the locals left Li Fan and Lu Fan somewhat astonished.

Everyone here had known from a young age about the existence of the 'Great Immortal Sect' in the heavens and the earth.

The highest honor they could imagine in their lifetime was to be able to join the "Great Immortal Sect".

However, they had no idea where this sect was located or what method was required to enter it.

There was only one thing they firmly believed in.

As long as one's heart was sincere and they were exceptional enough, they could catch the attention of the great "Heavenly Sovereign" and be chosen to join the "Great Immortal Sect".

This belief was somewhat abstract.

Li Fan and Lu Fan both felt a little confused.

After leaving Wangyue Prefecture, they had been traveling through various other states within the One Heart Immortal Sect for over a month. They discovered that everyone's statements were shockingly consistent.

This inevitably left the two, who had been holding high expectations, a bit disappointed.

“Fellow Daoist Jiao, we’ve crossed dozens of states, yet are we still not considered sincere enough?” Lu Fan asked dejectedly, downing a cup of spirit wine in a tavern in the inner city of Weichang, Canghong Prefecture.

Li Fan sat silently, not responding.

“Or perhaps it’s because our strength isn’t sufficient, and we haven’t met Senior Sister Zhao’s selection criteria?” Lü Fan muttered in a daze.

Although Li Fan was merely a remnant thought, he had noticed the subtle changes in Lu Fan’s mentality along the journey. Lu Fan seemed to be losing his way.

At the beginning, Lu Fan had a casual attitude, merely deciding to follow Li Fan on this journey.

When it came to the stunning and peerless 'Senior Sister Zhao', Lu Fan mostly jested about her, not genuinely admiring her.

After all, to a cultivator, beauty was far less important than one's cultivation level and realm.

But ever since they arrived in the territory of the One Heart Immortal Sect, Lu Fan had undergone a quiet transformation.

He grew increasingly fascinated with the existence of 'Senior Sister Zhao' and the Great Immortal Sect.

The more he learned, the more he became consumed by a desire to obtain something he couldn’t have, making him restless and obsessed.

Now, his thoughts had turned almost mad, nearly losing himself.

In contrast, the puppet body that only held the obsession of entering the One Heart Immortal Sect was less affected.

However, Li Fan did not awaken Lu Fan.

It wasn’t because he didn’t care about their bond, but because Li Fan knew that the subtle influence of the Heavenly Sovereign’s power wasn’t something that could be changed with a few words.

Even if he told Lu Fan about his changes, Lu Fan might just feel prideful about it.

As the two sat silently—one with a troubled look and the other expressionless—suddenly, a commotion arose from the streets outside.

“Wan Zailai from Canghong Prefecture, with just a Golden Core cultivation, defeated thirty-six Nascent Soul cultivators from Yilü Prefecture, finally catching the attention of the 'Heavenly Sovereign' and successfully joining the Immortal Sect!”

“No doubt about it, he’s the pride of Canghong Prefecture, finally giving Yilü Prefecture a taste of defeat!”

“Haha, now the number of Immortal Sect disciples from Canghong Prefecture will surpass Yilü Prefecture! Let’s see how they’ll flaunt their arrogance now!”

…

Hearing the discussions outside, Li Fan and Lu Fan exchanged a glance and immediately began to inquire about the details.

“I get it! As long as we do something extraordinary to catch Senior Sister Zhao... no, the Heavenly Sovereign's attention, we can enter the Immortal Sect!” Lu Fan exclaimed in sudden realization.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 507


It was as if a sudden realization hit Lu Fan, and he muttered to himself with extreme excitement, "So that's how it is... that's how it is!"

But moments later, his excitement turned into frustration, "Golden Core stronger than Nascent Soul... I can't do that!"

He stared at his own hands, feeling a bit lost, and mumbled, "No, I must meet the Heavenly Sovereign... I need to figure out a way..."

Seeing Lu Fan’s increasing obsession, Li Fan couldn’t help but remind him, "fellow Daoist Lu..."

Before Li Fan could finish, Lu Fan suddenly stood up and, without sparing Li Fan another glance, flew out of the restaurant, shouting loudly, "I am Lu Fan of the Martial Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance from the Congyun Sea! Who dares challenge me?"

Li Fan was stunned on the spot.

The once-bustling streets of Weichang City instantly fell into an eerie silence.

Only Lu Fan's proud figure stood in the sky.

After a brief silence, the crowd erupted.

"A mere Golden Core cultivator dares to speak such nonsense!""Are the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance all this bold?"

"When did the dogs of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance dare to be so arrogant in front of our Five Elders Association?!" A burly Nascent Soul cultivator with a thick beard shouted in anger, flying in front of Lu Fan, ready to teach him a lesson.

But Lu Fan, though reckless, hadn’t completely lost his mind. He shouted, "I am at the Golden Core stage, and you are Nascent Soul. Does the Five Elders Association always bully the weak?"

"If you want to fight, send a Golden Core cultivator to face me!"

Lu Fan's voice, intentionally amplified, quickly spread throughout Weichang City.

"You..." The Nascent Soul cultivator was momentarily stunned, his expression flickering with uncertainty before he coldly snorted and refrained from attacking.

Landing back on the ground, he turned to the crowd and angrily roared, "Where are the Golden Core cultivators of Canghong Prefecture? Have they all died?"

The crowd quickly responded.

A young cultivator in green robes flew forward, "I am Qiu Juemo of the Luoyan Gang. Daoist Lu, please enlighten me!"

He cupped his hands respectfully but wasted no time in attacking, sending a flying sword straight towards Lu Fan's face.

The sword's blue light appeared without a sound, arriving in an instant.

Luckily, Lu Fan reacted swiftly, dodging the flying sword's attack just in time.

"You sneak attacked me!" Lu Fan's face showed a hint of anger.

"In a life-and-death battle, one must go all out. There's no such thing as sneak attacks! Be careful, Daoist friend!" With a loud shout from Qiu Juemo, thirty-three beams of sword light separated from the flying sword that had circled behind Lu Fan, forming a sword formation shaped like a fierce tiger, charging towards him.

Lu Fan snorted coldly. A faint bronze light emanated from his body, which instantly expanded several times.

A wooden abacus suddenly appeared in his hand, and as he lightly flicked the beads, a crisp "clack" sound echoed.

"The world bustles, all for the sake of profit!" Lu Fan chanted, and with each flick of the abacus bead, a round copper coin appeared out of thin air.

In a flash, thirty-three copper coins took shape, slicing through the air with green light, one after another heading towards the flying tiger sword formation.

Qiu Juemo's expression shifted slightly, sensing something was wrong. He tried to control the sword formation to avoid the strange copper coins.

But the green light was unbelievably fast. In an instant, each of the thirty-three copper coins collided with one of the flying swords.

There was no earth-shattering explosion. As soon as the copper coins touched the swords, they disappeared.

The next moment...

"Not good!" Qiu Juemo hadn't even finished saying "good" when the thirty-three flying swords suddenly reversed direction.

The tiger sword formation, once under his control, now turned back and charged towards him at an even greater speed.

Before he could react, thirty-three beams of sword light pierced through his body.

Blood splattered everywhere as Qiu Juemo's body trembled before finally collapsing to the ground.

The tiger sword formation, now uncontrolled, scattered onto the ground.

The crowd watching gasped in shock.

"Thank you for the fight!" Lu Fan, with his abacus now behind his back, said proudly.

"Brother Qiu!" Qiu Juemo’s friends rushed forward to check on him, relieved to find that Lu Fan had spared his life at the last moment.

"Shameful! Get him out of here!"

"Yeah, that was way too quick!"

...

Despite his severe injuries, Qiu Juemo’s defeat earned him no sympathy from the crowd. Instead, they taunted him, their eyes filled with scorn.

Qiu Juemo’s friends, faces flushed with embarrassment, quickly helped him away, not daring to stir up more trouble.

"I'll fight!"

A grey-robed cultivator, his voice filled with anger, soared into the air.

This time, he learned from the previous failure, opting not to use any magical artifacts. Instead, he summoned a blazing fire, constantly attacking with flames.

"Wealth can lead to godliness!"

As Lu Fan flicked his abacus, a copper coin fell into the fire.

The originally red flames suddenly turned an eerie green.

Soon after, the flames, born from the grey-robed cultivator's own abilities, lost control and turned against him.

Amidst a cry of pain, the grey-robed cultivator also suffered a miserable defeat.

The swift defeat of the second challenger quieted the noisy crowd.

"This fellow Daoist Lu... he has some real skill," Li Fan, watching from the sidelines, couldn't help but be surprised.

After a brief moment of silence, another challenger stepped forward.

"I am Ou Qianye of Canghong Prefecture. fellow Daoist Lu, please enlighten me!"

This time, Lu Fan didn’t immediately strike. Instead, he raised his voice and asked, "Since the Five Elders Association can’t defeat me, are you planning to fight me one after another in turns?"

Ou Qianye hesitated, holding back the attack he was about to launch. He replied in a deep voice, "Daoist friend, why don't you rest for a while, and then we will fight again when you're fully recovered."

Ignoring him, Lu Fan closed his eyes and began meditating to regain his energy.

Soon after, the two resumed their battle, clashing fiercely.

In the end, Lu Fan once again emerged victorious. However, Ou Qianye was no easy opponent, with his techniques and spells continuously overwhelming Lu Fan.

It took Lu Fan considerable effort to barely secure a victory.

"Excellent techniques, Daoist friend!" Acknowledging his loss, Ou Qianye cupped his hands and conceded defeat.

"Mutual respect..." Lu Fan’s tone had softened significantly this time.

One after another, the Golden Core cultivators of Weichang City challenged Lu Fan.

But without exception, they all failed.

Even with breaks in between, Lu Fan, who had been fighting non-stop, began to look a bit pale.

Yet, despite his exhaustion, a glimmer of excitement remained on his face, which he couldn’t hide.

As all eyes in Weichang City were drawn to Lu Fan’s challenges, Li Fan, having lost interest in the spectacle, wandered over to a small stall by the street.

He picked up a scroll titled "The Secret History of Ancient Cultivation" and began to flip through its pages.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 508


"This book, I think I’ve read it before."

"However, the content inside seems to be somewhat different."

As scenes from the book flashed through his mind, Li Fan was filled with a vague sense of familiarity, furrowing his brows slightly.

"Fellow Daoist, are there other versions of this book?" He looked toward a cultivator at the stall who was focused on the duel in the sky and asked aloud.

The cultivator selling books was initially a bit impatient, but when he turned back and saw the booklet in Li Fan's hand, a strange look flashed in his eyes.

"Fellow Daoist must be joking. This 'Secret History of Ancient Cultivation' was personally authored by the Heavenly Sovereign. How could there be other versions?" However, he flatly denied it.

Even though the body he controlled was merely a wisp of divine sense, stripped of most memories, the ability to read people remained instinctual.

With just one glance, Li Fan was sure of his suspicion.

"Name your price." He lowered his voice and spoke directly. "A mutual friend introduced me."

The book-seller hesitated for a moment.After glancing around and seeing that all the cultivators were focused on the battle in the sky, he transmitted a message: "Ten thousand Soul Points, or the equivalent in spirit stones. No bargaining."

Li Fan instinctively reached for his storage ring, ready to pay.

But he realized he had no money on him—not even a storage ring.

"Fellow Daoist, please wait a moment."

He apologized and returned to the crowd.

Once Lu Fan finished his battle, Li Fan flew forward and explained his situation.

Lu Fan, who had just won another fight, was in high spirits and was no longer as stingy as before during their prior transactions.

He generously handed over a storage ring filled with standard spirit stones to Li Fan: "It’s just some material wealth. Fellow Daoist Jiao, take it as you need!"

After expressing his thanks, Li Fan floated back under the gaze of everyone.

Seeing this, the book-seller immediately realized he had been tricked. His face turned slightly green, and he began packing his things, ready to leave.

"You really have no business integrity at all, huh? Fellow Daoist, if you leave like this, I'll have to shout!" Li Fan transmitted a threat.

The book-seller immediately froze, looking around nervously before shuddering.

"Fine…" After hesitating for a long time, he finally pulled out a pink-glowing booklet and quietly handed it over.

Li Fan took the booklet and handed over the spirit stones.

Transaction complete, the book-seller was about to retreat when he saw that Li Fan intended to open the booklet right there.

His face turned as pale as paper, and he rushed forward, grabbing Li Fan's hands.

"Are you crazy?!"

His body trembled uncontrollably, his face filled with terror.

"It’s fine!" With a slight force, Li Fan pushed the book-seller’s hand aside and insisted on opening the pink booklet.

Beads of cold sweat instantly appeared on the book-seller’s forehead, dripping down like soybeans. Seeing that he couldn’t stop him, he looked around and realized that no one had noticed anything unusual yet.

With a gust of wind under his feet, he quickly fled using the teleportation formation in the city.

At that moment, Li Fan had already been drawn into the vivid, overwhelmingly real illusion within the booklet.

---

[Qin Shou repeatedly pursued Senior Sister Zhao but was repeatedly rejected. Furious, he harbored malicious intentions.]

[Senior Sister Zhao was affected by the Yin-Yang Harmony Powder, her consciousness becoming muddled…]

---

Li Fan’s expression constantly shifted, and his breathing grew more rapid.

The eerie pink glow of the booklet seemed to pulse in sync with Li Fan’s breathing, flickering nonstop.

Li Fan was completely absorbed in the scene, completely oblivious to the noise around him.

He muttered to himself, whispering continuously.

"Such a beauty exists in this world…"

"Such a useless fool! He’s already had one intimate encounter, yet he doesn’t seize the opportunity..."

"Idiot! Isn't her intention obvious?"

"If you don’t act now, when will you?!"

---

The plot in the booklet was clearly not to Li Fan’s liking. He often frowned and muttered curses under his breath.

"Ugh, how could the protagonist be such a coward!"

"If it were me, Senior Sister Zhao would have already submitted to me at my..."

His words abruptly stopped.

Everything within a small radius around Li Fan’s puppet body seemed to freeze in place.

Even the eerie pink glow from the booklet stopped in mid-air.

Above the sky, a pure white beam of light suddenly appeared and shot down.

It enveloped the motionless Li Fan completely.

The previously bustling Wei Chang City, filled with excitement over the battle, fell into absolute silence.

The white light grew brighter, and an intense suction force emanated from the sky.

Li Fan, like a statue, was slowly lifted into the air.

"It’s the Immortal Guidance Light! That’s the Immortal Guidance Light!"

"Who is it? Who from our Canghong Prefecture has caught the eye of the Heavenly Sovereign so quickly?"

"Hahaha! In just one month, three disciples have been chosen by the Immortal Sects! Our Canghong Prefecture’s prestige is truly soaring now!"

---

No one paid attention to Lu Fan's duel anymore.

Every cultivator's eyes were fixed on the white pillar of light that pierced the heavens, their eyes full of reverence and envy as they stared at the blurry figure within the light. They were abuzz with excitement.

Even Lu Fan stopped fighting.

He stared dumbfounded at the pillar of light, overcome with the feeling that the person he cherished had been taken from him before his eyes.

His heart ached as if cut by a knife.

Victory, cultivation, realms...

In that instant, all these things seemed meaningless.

"Why, why…" Lu Fan muttered, utterly lost and devastated.

As the figure within the white light rose higher and higher, Lu Fan suddenly found the figure somewhat familiar.

His pupils dilated sharply, and he quickly lowered his head, scanning the surroundings.

Sure enough, "Fellow Daoist Jiao" was nowhere to be seen.

"How is this possible?" Lü Fan’s face was filled with disbelief.

"I’ve defeated over twenty Golden Core cultivators from the Five Elders Association! Did you not see that?"

"Why was he chosen, and I was ignored?"

An overwhelming surge of resentment, unwillingness, and rage erupted within Lu Fan.

"No!"

He roared and, in a frenzy, charged toward the light pillar without hesitation.

But it was useless.

Just as he was about to touch the light, he passed right through it.

The pillar of light was like an illusion, seemingly right in front of him but impossible to grasp.

With Li Fan in tow, the light pillar slowly disappeared into the heavens.

A look of despair crept into Lu Fan’s eyes.

---

"Junior Brother, you’re awake."

A crisp voice rang in his ears, and Li Fan opened his eyes.

"Cough, cough..." The sharp pain in his chest made him gasp for air.

"You’ve just joined the sect. I told you not to act on impulse, but you wouldn’t listen." A graceful figure appeared beside him, gently helping him sit up against the headboard.

"This is a medicine I prepared for you. It will help with your recovery. Drink it quickly." Concern was written all over her face as she ladled a spoonful of medicinal soup and brought it to his lips.

His mind was a blur, unable to recall anything.

Li Fan simply opened his mouth instinctively and drank the medicine.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 509


A surge of warmth rose from his abdomen, spreading through all his limbs and bones. Li Fan instantly felt much more comfortable.

Especially the injury on his chest—under the effect of this warm current, the pain miraculously eased considerably in an instant.

"Senior Sister, what kind of medicine is this? It’s so effective..." Li Fan asked instinctively.

At the same time, some fragments of memory surfaced in his mind.

He and this Senior Sister Zhao were both from Changfeng Village, Daqing Mountain, and had known each other since childhood.

Half a year ago, a group of bandits attacked Changfeng Village, brutally slaughtering most of the villagers. Only he and Senior Sister Zhao were spared, as they happened to be playing outside at the time.

When they saw the smoke rising from the village and rushed back, they stumbled upon the bandits, who were just about to retreat with their loot.

Despite her young age, Senior Sister Zhao’s breathtaking beauty caught the attention of all the bandits.

At this critical moment, an immortal master happened to pass by. Upon seeing the bloodstained scene below and the two trembling children before the bandits, the immortal master instantly understood the situation. He killed all the bandits on the spot, saving Senior Sister Zhao and Li Fan.

Moreover, the immortal master saw that Senior Sister Zhao had extraordinary talent and decided to take her back to his sect.However, Li Fan’s aptitude seemed mediocre and didn’t catch the immortal master’s eye. It was only after Senior Sister Zhao’s earnest pleas that the immortal master reluctantly agreed to take him along.

After flying for over ten days, the immortal master brought them back to the sect. What they saw were towering mountains surrounded by clouds and mist. From time to time, they could spot immortals flying between the peaks, leaving streaks of radiant light. Amid the sea of clouds, many majestic and awe-inspiring structures stood tall, exuding a divine and sacred aura.

The celestial scene left Senior Sister Zhao and Li Fan utterly speechless. From the conversations of the immortal disciples who had brought them, Li Fan learned the name of the sect: "Grand Dao Sect".

The Grand Dao Sect had nine branches and seventy-two peaks.

The main branch was always personally passed down by the successive sect leaders, while the other eight branches were managed by various elders.

The immortal master they thought so highly of was actually only a fourth-generation disciple of the Yuehua branch of the Grand Dao Sect, named Zhang Rong, with a cultivation at the Nascent Soul stage.

Under Zhang Rong’s guidance, they naturally joined the Yuehua branch and became outer sect disciples of the Grand Dao Sect, settling at Qingning Peak.

They were given a cultivation technique called

'Taiyuan One Qi Technique'.

Zhang Rong instructed them that as long as they mastered this technique, they could successfully advance to become inner sect disciples. From then on, they wouldn’t have to toil with menial chores and could focus on their cultivation. Their status in the sect, as well as the resources they could receive each month, would be vastly different.

The two of them began studying and practicing the technique together during their free time.

Senior Sister Zhao, being a bit older, had much greater comprehension and talent than Li Fan.

Half a year later, she had already mastered the Taiyuan One Qi Technique, passed the tests, and caught the attention of Zhang Wangshuang, a Soul Transformation Immortal Lord of the Yuehua branch. She was accepted as his disciple, instantly becoming a fourth-generation disciple of the Grand Dao Sect, now addressing the former immortal master Zhang Rong as her senior brother.

In contrast, despite Senior Sister Zhao secretly teaching him cultivation insights and occasionally gifting him medicinal pills, Li Fan’s progress was slow, and he couldn’t break through.

Moreover, Senior Sister Zhao’s frequent visits to check on him sparked jealousy among the other disciples. Although they treated Li Fan with respect on the surface, even flattering him at times, they secretly looked down on him, often mocking him behind his back, calling him nothing but a useless freeloader.

Not long ago, Li Fan overheard one of their conversations and, filled with shame and anger, couldn’t help but pick a fight.

However, his skills were lacking, and the opponents were many. He ended up being beaten half to death.

Fortunately, they were wary of Senior Sister Zhao’s influence, so they didn’t take his life.

...

The memories faded, and he returned to the present.

"This is the 'Heaven Essence Powder'. Not only can it help you recover from your injuries quickly, but it also enhances your sense of Qi," Senior Sister Zhao explained as she wiped the remaining medicine from the corner of his mouth with a smile.

"I had to gather the ingredients with great difficulty. Since you haven’t built your foundation yet, many pills would harm you instead of helping, so I asked my master for this prescription," she added.

The warm current in Li Fan’s body was like spiritual energy, lingering and even circulating on its own. Within moments, he felt fully recovered, as if he was brimming with boundless strength.

"Senior Sister, you are so kind to me..." Li Fan grabbed her fair, jade-like hand, looking into her eyes with deep gratitude.

"You..." Senior Sister Zhao’s cheeks flushed slightly, and she tried to pull her hand away. But Li Fan’s grip was too tight, and she feared using too much strength, worried about hurting him. So, for a moment, she could only let him hold her hand, her fingers unintentionally brushing against his palm.

The warmth from Li Fan’s hand felt even hotter than the earth’s flames, causing her body to soften slightly.

An unusual atmosphere began to fill the room.

At that moment, Li Fan suddenly spoke, "By the way, Senior Sister, there are still many parts of the Taiyuan One Qi Technique I don’t understand. Could you explain them to me again?"

Senior Sister Zhao paused for a moment, feeling a little disappointed, but also relieved.

She had wanted to teach him the key points of the Taiyuan One Qi Technique before, but perhaps out of pride, he had refused, saying he wanted to figure it out on his own.

She had no choice but to let it go.

But now, it seemed he had finally come to his senses.

Senior Sister Zhao began to carefully explain the technique to Li Fan.

"Brilliant, brilliant! I didn’t realize this sentence could be interpreted this way. Senior Sister, you’re so smart!" Li Fan praised continuously as he listened, his eyes gleaming with admiration.

As the day grew late, Senior Sister Zhao reluctantly stopped.

"My master instructed me to return before dark, so I have to go now!" she said carefully, afraid Li Fan would be displeased.

"The master’s orders come first. Senior Sister, you should go back. You can visit again when you have time," Li Fan said, nodding without the slightest hint of displeasure.

Senior Sister Zhao softly acknowledged and was about to leave when she realized that during their conversation, Li Fan had long since loosened his grip on her hand. Yet, for some reason, she had continued holding onto him.

Her face instantly flushed with heat, and fearing that Li Fan would notice, she hurriedly bid him farewell and left in a flustered rush.

Her heart raced, but she also felt a sense of joy, her steps much lighter as she walked away.

Meanwhile, Li Fan had already put aside the ambiguous moment between them.

He was entirely immersed in the mysteries of the Taiyuan One Qi Technique.

"So that’s how it is, so that’s how it is!" With Senior Sister Zhao’s guidance, all the difficulties he had encountered in practicing the technique were now resolved.

He had fully comprehended it.

"I’m not far from building my foundation!" The spiritual energy in his body flowed without any obstruction, as if it was innate.

He couldn’t help but feel immense joy.

"If only I had asked Senior Sister for advice earlier, I wouldn’t have wasted half a year!"

"How strange, why did I feel so ‘ashamed’ before?"

Li Fan shook his head, finding his previous self somewhat unreasonable.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 510


The next day, when Senior Sister Zhao came to visit Li Fan again, she was astonished to find that he had already mastered the "Taiyuan One Qi Technique", needing only some final polishing to perfect it.

While she was genuinely happy for Li Fan, she couldn’t help but feel a strange sense of loss in her heart.

"Senior Sister, let’s spar!" Li Fan suddenly suggested.

“Huh?” Senior Sister Zhao was momentarily taken aback.

“What’s your current cultivation level?” Li Fan asked again.

“Late-stage Foundation Establishment. Why?” She hesitated for a moment but answered truthfully.

Li Fan wasn’t shocked by her rapid progress in cultivation. Instead, he applauded and praised her, "It seems Senior Brother Zhang was right. Your cultivation talent is truly rare in this world."

Hearing Li Fan’s praise, her face flushed slightly.

But then she heard him continue, "However, you can’t use your superior cultivation to bully me. When we spar, you can only use late-stage Qi Condensation strength at most!"

"Senior Sister, be careful!"Before she could even react, Li Fan rushed toward her.

Caught off guard, Senior Sister Zhao fumbled a bit. However, being an entire major realm higher in cultivation than Li Fan, her control over spiritual energy and combat reflexes were far superior to his.

After just over ten exchanges, Li Fan was soundly defeated.

Climbing up from the ground and coughing lightly, Li Fan complimented, "Senior Sister, you’re really amazing!"

"Are you alright?" Her face was full of concern and a bit of regret. She hurried forward to check on Li Fan’s injuries.

After a thorough examination, she finally breathed a sigh of relief.

"Let’s go again!" After resting for a bit, Li Fan said in a deep voice, and the two resumed their sparring.

With the help of Senior Sister Zhao, who was a patient sparring partner, Li Fan’s combat skills improved rapidly.

Senior Sister Zhao even taught him some techniques like "Void-Splitting Blade" and "Wind Flash", which greatly enhanced his combat capabilities.

Unfortunately, this peaceful time didn’t last long. Senior Sister Zhao, who had been spending almost all her time with Li Fan at Qingning Peak of the outer sect, was eventually discovered by her master, Zhang Wangshuang.

After a scolding, she was placed under house arrest.

Luckily, after much pleading, she was granted one last chance to see Li Fan.

Seeing the beautiful woman in front of him on the verge of tears, heartbroken, Li Fan felt a pang of regret.

Stepping forward, he embraced her, gently stroking her back to comfort her. "Senior Sister, don’t be sad. Since your master won’t allow you to visit me in the outer sect anymore, I’ll come to the inner sect to see you."

"No matter what, I won’t abandon you," Li Fan promised with unwavering determination. "Senior Sister, focus on your cultivation. I’ll come to you soon!"

Senior Sister Zhao gazed at Li Fan with misty eyes, her heart racing.

Li Fan then kissed her deeply, not parting for a long time.

Only when the time granted by her master was nearly up did Li Fan reluctantly let her go.

She lay in his arms, whispering sweet words before finally leaving, full of reluctance.

After regaining his composure, Li Fan sealed the room and used the magical artifact gifted by Senior Sister Zhao as a protective barrier. Then, he began his attempt at Foundation Establishment.

Unfortunately, his cultivation talent was far from ideal.

After three consecutive failures, he realized that further attempts might damage his spiritual foundation. Left with no choice, Li Fan reluctantly consumed the Foundation Establishment Pill given to him by Senior Sister Zhao.

This time, with the aid of external power, he finally succeeded in establishing his foundation.

At last, he officially became a disciple of the Grand Dao Sect.

However, because he relied on external help for Foundation Establishment, his future potential would be limited. His cultivation aptitude was also quite mediocre, unlike Senior Sister Zhao, who was noticed by the sect elders.

Following the standard process, he was taken as a disciple by Nascent Soul stage cultivator Zhuang Yunxuan.

As a fifth-generation disciple of the Grand Dao Sect, he was technically one generation junior to Senior Sister Zhao.

But she was overjoyed when she saw him and didn’t mind the generational difference. She just told him to continue calling her Senior Sister when no one else was around.

Now that they were both in the inner sect, their interactions became much more convenient.

Even though Senior Sister Zhao had already broken through to the Golden Core stage, it didn’t stop Li Fan from visiting her frequently.

Although his cultivation was weaker, Li Fan never lost his manners. He was always polite and greeted everyone with a smile.

Even when faced with ridicule and mockery, he calmly accepted it and humbly nodded in agreement.

Over time, this won over even those who initially sneered at him.

Moreover, Senior Sister Zhao’s master, Zhang Wangshuang, didn’t object to their relationship, so gradually, everyone in the sect tacitly accepted Li Fan’s presence.

Seeing how Li Fan resolved a potentially difficult situation without causing her any trouble, Senior Sister Zhao was pleasantly surprised.

Her worries dissipated, and she looked at Li Fan with increasing warmth.

Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, three years had passed.

With no lingering concerns in her heart, Senior Sister Zhao’s cultivation advanced rapidly. She had already reached the late Golden Core stage and was preparing for Formation of the Nascent Soul.

With Senior Sister Zhao’s assistance, Li Fan lacked nothing in terms of cultivation techniques or elixirs, so his progress wasn’t slow either.

He had perfected his Foundation Establishment and was now on the verge of forming his Golden Core.

As the saying goes, "Swallowing a single Golden Core can change one’s fate; my destiny is in my own hands, not the heavens." The gap between the Golden Core and Foundation Establishment stages was immense. Once crossed, it was like defying the heavens, forever altering one’s life.

Knowing that his own aptitude was limited, Li Fan anticipated that forming his Golden Core might not be easy. To be fully prepared, he decided to enter seclusion, solidifying his foundation and waiting for the right moment.

Two months later, when he finally sensed the right opportunity to form his Golden Core, a piece of news forced him to leave seclusion early.

Senior Sister Zhao’s junior apprentice brother, Jiang Ningjun, the youngest disciple of Zhang Wangshuang, secretly sent him a message.

Recently, Senior Brother Qin Shou from the 'Lianshan Lineage' had been aggressively pursuing Senior Sister Zhao.

At a young age, Qin Shou had already reached the Nascent Soul stage, and his master, Qu Hanfeng, had a close relationship with Zhang Wangshuang.

Zhang Wangshuang was also happy to see Qin Shou and Senior Sister Zhao form a Dao companion relationship.

Qin Shou was handsome and dashing, seemingly a perfect match for Senior Sister Zhao.

In just a few months of Li Fan’s absence, Qin Shou’s popularity and support within the 'Yuehua Lineage' had far surpassed Li Fan’s.

Only Jiang Ningjun, who had always had a good relationship with Li Fan, was displeased with Qin Shou’s pretentious demeanor.

That’s why, at this critical moment, he sent Li Fan a warning, informing him of the situation.

Upon hearing the news, Li Fan immediately decided to postpone forming his Golden Core.

The Golden Core could be formed at any time.

But if Senior Sister Zhao were to be stolen away, she’d be gone forever!

Even though Li Fan had great faith in Senior Sister Zhao, he knew life was unpredictable.

And he was well aware that his smooth journey in cultivation thus far was thanks to her help.

"Anyone who dares to take away my soft meal is blocking my path to the Dao!" [1]

"I don’t care who you are, we will fight to the death!" A cold glint flashed in Li Fan’s eyes.

1. Soft meal/rice (chī ruǎn fàn) also has another meaning of, man who lives off a woman.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 511


When Li Fan found Senior Sister Zhao, she was watching Qin Shou spar with the other disciples of the Yuehua lineage.

This Senior Brother Qin's cultivation was indeed exceptional, using his earthy yellow divine light skillfully for both attack and defense.

Despite being only at the mid-stage of the Nascent Soul realm, he effortlessly fought against Nascent Soul peak cultivators.

His spiritual energy flowed smoothly, and he battled for hours without showing any sign of fatigue.

He had sparred against many disciples of Zhang Wangshuang’s sect, yet not a single one could defeat him.

Qin Shou, however, was respectful to Zhang Wangshuang. Each match either ended in a draw or in a hard-fought victory, never overwhelming his opponent.

Though Senior Sister Zhao's fellow disciples had been defeated, they bore no ill will toward Qin Shou. On the contrary, they admired his demeanor and how he carried himself.

Even Senior Sister Zhao herself, watching Qin Shou’s graceful demeanor, couldn’t help but have a sparkle in her eyes.

Li Fan, observing from afar, quietly cursed in his heart, "Luckily, I came just in time, or someone would’ve stolen my thunder."

Without making a scene, he calmly approached Senior Sister and gently held her delicate hand.Senior Sister was momentarily stunned, but when she saw that it was Li Fan, she did not pull away.

"Is this the famous Senior Brother Qin of the Lianshan lineage? He’s truly formidable! I wonder when I’ll be able to match his prowess," Li Fan said with a hint of admiration in his tone.

Senior Sister Zhao, having initially been worried that Li Fan might get jealous after hearing rumors, realized now that her concerns had been unnecessary.

Strangely, alongside a sense of relief, she also felt a tinge of disappointment.

However, she didn’t show it and instead smiled gently, comforting Li Fan, "Junior Brother, your dedication to cultivation is rare in the world. Catching up to Senior Brother Qin isn’t out of reach for you."

Li Fan didn’t respond but shook his head slightly, letting out a quiet sigh.

Noticing this, Senior Sister Zhao grew concerned and quickly sent him a message through their telepathic connection, "What’s wrong? Did you encounter any trouble during your recent closed-door training?"

Li Fan finally spoke slowly, "Originally, during my seclusion, I intended to break through to the Golden Core stage in one go. But each time the thought crossed my mind, a strong warning would surge in my heart, as if a great disaster awaited me if I proceeded."

Hearing this, Senior Sister Zhao furrowed her brows. After a moment of contemplation, her expression relaxed as she reassured him again, "You can’t force the formation of a Golden Core. If your intuition is warning you, it must mean the time isn’t right yet."

"Yes, I think so too," Li Fan nodded.

Then, suddenly changing the subject, he continued, "Since I joined the sect, it’s been several years, and I haven’t left the mountain even once. The world of cultivation is vast, yet I’ve stayed cooped up in the sect all this time. Perhaps it’s making my progress stagnant. Now that I’ve hit a bottleneck, I’ve decided to venture down the mountain in search of an opportunity for a breakthrough."

"Junior Brother, you..." Senior Sister Zhao was visibly shocked and quickly tried to dissuade him, "The world outside isn’t as peaceful as it is within the sect. Aside from the rampant beasts, even rogue cultivators are dangerous. For the sake of spiritual stones or techniques, they’ll stop at nothing."

"Even some disciples of our Grand Dao Sect have mysteriously disappeared while traveling down the mountain..."

Li Fan interrupted her, his gaze resolute, "My mind is made up, Senior Sister. There’s no need to persuade me further. The path of immortality is long and treacherous. If I don’t have the courage for this, how could I hope to walk this road with you by my side in the future?"

Hearing Li Fan’s straightforward words, Senior Sister Zhao blushed slightly, gripping his hand even tighter.

Meanwhile, on the sparring platform, Qin Shou, who was once again gaining the upper hand in his match, glanced over at Senior Sister Zhao and saw her gazing affectionately at Li Fan. His concentration faltered, his aura wavered, and his opponent seized the opportunity, nearly defeating him.

A shadow of gloom passed through Qin Shou’s eyes as he quickly refocused on the match.

After much effort, he finally turned the battle in his favor and emerged victorious.

But by the time he had finished, Senior Sister Zhao and Li Fan had already left, their destination unknown.

Though Qin Shou smiled outwardly, jealousy was burning fiercely within him.

Seven days later, Li Fan left the Grand Dao Sect in search of an opportunity to break through to the Golden Core stage.

Worried for his safety, Senior Sister Zhao soon followed after him, claiming she was also seeking a breakthrough.

Her intentions were obvious to anyone who cared to notice, yet for some reason, her master Zhang Wangshuang did not stop her. Instead, he gifted her a “Heavenly Guide Talisman,” which could direct her toward opportunities at critical moments.

After leaving the sect, Senior Sister Zhao quickly found Li Fan, following the pre-arranged method of communication.

Using the Heavenly Guide Talisman, the two journeyed southwest, crossing several mountain ranges before arriving at an ancient ruin hidden deep within a dense forest.

The pair decided to rest and explore the ruins the next day.

That night.

"Senior Sister, did you notice something odd? It feels like someone has been secretly following us this entire time," Li Fan transmitted his thoughts to her while feigning sleep.

After a brief pause, Senior Sister Zhao replied, "Are you being overly suspicious? I didn’t sense anyone following us."

Li Fan was adamant, "My instincts are rarely wrong. Remember when we were in Daqing Mountain? On the day the bandits attacked the village, I felt uneasy, and you accompanied me outside to relax. That’s how we avoided the disaster."

"This time, the feeling is exactly the same."

Hearing this, Senior Sister Zhao became more convinced.

"What do you plan to do?"

Li Fan sneered, "We lure the snake out of its hole."

The next morning, as the two prepared to set out, they quarreled over a trivial matter.

Their argument was fierce, and Senior Sister Zhao even hurled hurtful words like, "You wouldn’t be where you are today without me! And now you’re showing me attitude?"

Li Fan's face darkened as he stormed off, entering the ruins alone.

In her anger, Senior Sister Zhao didn’t immediately follow.

At that moment, a small, inconspicuous insect quietly trailed after Li Fan into the ruins.

As Li Fan battled a beast within the ruins, a sword light slashed out from the shadows, attempting to kill him on the spot.

At the critical moment, a cold moonlight radiated from Li Fan's body.

Within the faint light, the graceful silhouette of Senior Sister Zhao could be vaguely seen.

However, the beautiful figure now bore a chilling killing intent.

In the explosion that followed, Qin Shou was forced to reveal himself.

"Senior Brother Qin, it’s really you?!" The real Senior Sister Zhao and her moonlight avatar surrounded Qin Shou, shock and disbelief on her face.

"It’s a grave offense for fellow disciples to harm one another! Why would you do this, Senior Brother?"

Now that he had been exposed, Qin Shou dropped all pretenses.

He spewed vulgar words and stared lecherously at Senior Sister Zhao, no longer bothering to hide his lustful intent.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 512


“After I torture your little lover to death, I’ll slowly deal with you!”

“With the Moonlight Physique as a furnace, it will surely help me ascend to the Soul Transformation stage!”

Revealing his true face, Qin Shou launched an attack on Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao.

Senior Sister Zhao, though at the peak of the Golden Core stage and a prodigious talent, had no trouble dealing with ordinary Nascent Soul cultivators.

However, faced with a genius like Qin Shou, she was clearly struggling.

Li Fan was more of a burden in this situation.

Every one of Qin Shou's strikes targeted Li Fan, hiding behind Senior Sister Zhao. Already strained, Zhao had to hurriedly defend in order to protect her lover’s life.

Seeing that they were about to be defeated, Senior Sister Zhao and Li Fan had no choice but to rely on a magical artifact granted by their master, fighting while retreating into the depths of the ruins.

Using the hidden traps and strange beasts within the ruins, they temporarily managed to shake off Qin Shou.

Unable to find them, Qin Shou set up a formation outside the ruins, vowing to capture them alive within it.“This is the Central Void Formation. Once it's complete, we’ll have no chance of escape,” Senior Sister Zhao said, a trace of resolve flashing in her eyes.

“In a moment, I’ll go out and fight him to the death. You must escape and return to the sect. Reveal his true nature to our master.”

She drew her sword and was about to fly out when she suddenly noticed that the Heavenly Guide, a treasure from their master, was glowing once again.

“Wait, Senior Sister! It seems there’s still a way out!” Li Fan called out excitedly.

Following the light from the Heavenly Guide, the two of them found a secret chamber deep within the ruins.

Inside the chamber, there was a bizarrely large skeleton, several times the size of an ordinary human, with more than a thousand bones.

Though the bones appeared intact, there was a subtle sense of discord, as if they had come from different individuals.

Beside the skeleton, Li Fan found a storage ring.

Inside the ring, aside from a unique token inscribed with the word "Xuan", there were several cultivation manuals.

“Heaven and Earth Converging Manual, Eternal Dominance Art…” Li Fan skimmed through the books, a glint of joy in his eyes.

“Senior Sister, look! This Heaven and Earth Converging Manual is a rare dual cultivation technique. According to its description, both parties will experience significant improvements after their first practice session. If we cultivate together, we might both break through…” Li Fan rambled on, but suddenly noticed that Senior Sister Zhao’s expression had darkened.

“Senior Sister Zhao, what’s wrong?” Li Fan asked, puzzled.

“This place must be a stronghold of the Xuantian Sect,” Senior Sister Zhao said gravely, staring at the enormous skeleton. “And this person was likely one of their so-called ‘Heavenly Kings’.”

“Xuantian Sect?” Li Fan frowned. “I’ve never heard of them. Why does it matter?”

Patiently, Senior Sister Zhao explained, “The Xuantian Sect was an ancient, evil sect that once ruled the world. Their leaders called themselves Heavenly Kings. They usurped the heavens' mandate and committed all manner of atrocities. They were eventually overthrown by a coalition of cultivators. Though the Xuantian Sect was destroyed thousands of years ago, their remnants still persist."

"The Ten Immortal Sects, including our Grand Dao Sect, remain highly vigilant against the Xuantian Sect."

“The remnants of the Xuantian Sect must be eradicated without mercy.”

Li Fan understood her point, but he remained unconvinced. “The Xuantian Sect is the Xuantian Sect, but a technique is just a technique.”

“Can a cultivation technique even be categorized as good or evil?”

“We’re orthodox disciples of the Grand Dao Sect, not some Xuantian Sect remnants. What’s wrong with using their techniques to save our lives?”

Senior Sister Zhao remained frowning. “It’s not the same…”

Li Fan glanced outside, noticing the formation’s growing intensity.

“No matter what, it’s better than dying here. Besides, if we fall into Qin Shou’s hands, death would be a luxury,” Li Fan argued.

“At worst, once we survive this ordeal, we can abandon the technique.”

After much deliberation, with the formation's pressure increasing, Senior Sister Zhao reluctantly nodded in agreement.

The two of them began studying the 'Heaven and Earth Converging Manual' together.

In the profound and exhilarating process of dual cultivation, they felt as if they were becoming one.

Their thoughts intertwined, merging seamlessly, with each moment surpassing the passage of countless years.

Their auras resonated in harmony, growing stronger together.

In the end, aided by the power of dual cultivation, Senior Sister Zhao successfully advanced to the Nascent Soul stage.

Li Fan, too, formed his Golden Core.

With her breakthrough, Senior Sister Zhao’s combat strength underwent a qualitative leap.

Taking advantage of the final moments before the formation fully took shape, the two of them broke through the array and confronted Qin Shou.

Qin Shou, exhausted from days of formation-setting, was visibly shaken by their dual breakthroughs, realizing his plans were about to fail.

Disoriented, he fumbled under Senior Sister Zhao’s relentless attacks.

Meanwhile, Li Fan’s taunts, delivered through soul transmissions, further incited Qin Shou’s rage.

“Senior Brother Qin, aren’t you curious how we managed to break through so quickly?”

“Hahaha, it’s all thanks to you!”

“At the brink of death, we found a dual cultivation technique inside the ruins.”

“You do know what dual cultivation means, don’t you, Senior Brother?”

“Tsk, tsk, tsk…”

“If it weren’t for you, I might’ve waited forever to fulfill my wish!”

Li Fan continued to mock Qin Shou, further unbalancing his mind.

As the two coordinated their attacks perfectly, Qin Shou couldn’t accept what he was seeing.

“You… deserve to die!”

Driven to madness, Qin Shou launched a suicidal assault on them.

Though initially overwhelmed, Senior Sister Zhao and Li Fan gradually adapted to his frenzied attacks.

Eventually, the balance shifted in their favor.

Realizing his injuries were severe and escape impossible, Qin Shou was filled with despair.

“Curse you both!”

With a venomous gaze, Qin Shou’s head was severed by Senior Sister Zhao’s sword, his eyes remaining wide in death.

Seeing their enemy defeated, Li Fan finally breathed a sigh of relief.

“I was only trying to provoke him earlier. If my words offended you, please forgive me, Senior Sister,” Li Fan said apologetically.

“We’re already like husband and wife. No need for such formalities,” Senior Sister Zhao replied, frowning slightly.

Li Fan slapped his forehead. “How foolish of me!”

After cleaning up the scene, the two of them returned to the secret chamber.

Exhausted, Li Fan held Senior Sister Zhao and fell into a deep sleep.

When they woke, they hesitated before deciding to abandon the 'Heaven and Earth Converging Manual'.

There were many other dual cultivation techniques; they didn’t need to stick to this one.

However, after a few attempts, they exchanged glances, their expressions slightly uneasy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 513


In less than a day, the power of the Heaven and Earth Converging Manual had already become as if it were innate, deeply ingrained in the marrow.

It fused completely with his cultivation power, becoming inseparable.

It felt like the original technique that his cultivation had always drawn from. If it were forcibly removed, losing several realms of power would be a mild consequence. There was a great possibility it would damage his Dao Foundation, leaving him forever cut off from the path of cultivation.

“This…” Li Fan sat cross-legged on the ground, trying for a long time, but in the end, he gave up dejectedly, his expression dark.

Senior Sister Zhao furrowed her brows slightly and said, “The demonic arts of the Xuantian Sect are indeed strange. It seems that we cannot easily rid ourselves of it right now.”

“It is said that the 'Original Scripture of the Taishang Sect' allows cultivators to freely change their cultivation methods. If we are fortunate enough to view it, we might be able to abolish this Heaven and Earth Converging Manual.”

“The 'Original Scripture of the Taishang Sect'?” Li Fan frowned slightly. Although he had never heard of this technique before, for some reason, he felt a vague sense of familiarity.

Senior Sister Zhao shook her head, abandoning this unrealistic fantasy, “Unfortunately, like our sect's 'Heaven-Slaying Dao Scripture', it’s a sect-guarding secret, a mystery not passed down.”

“Only the direct line of the sect leader can cultivate it within our sect. As for us outsiders, there's no chance at all.”

Seeing Senior Sister Zhao looking troubled, Li Fan pulled her into his arms and gently comforted her, “Things have come to this; we can only take one step at a time.”“The Xuantian Sect has been extinct for a long time, and the 'Heaven and Earth Dual Converging Manual' is merely a dual cultivation method. I doubt the elders of the sect will notice anything strange.”

Although Senior Sister Zhao nodded in agreement, the worry in her eyes remained.

The two of them rested in the secret chamber of the ruins for half a month. During this time, they used the power of dual cultivation to fully stabilize their cultivation realms.

Only then did they set off to return to the Grand Dao Sect.

Before leaving, Senior Sister Zhao destroyed the ruins with her sword light, completely obliterating the site.

Upon returning to the sect, the shattering of Qin Shou’s life lamp had already caused a great uproar.

After a secret discussion, Senior Sister Zhao and Li Fan concluded that they couldn’t hide the truth.

They decided to face their master together and confessed that Qin Shou had secretly followed them with malicious intent, and they had ultimately joined forces to kill him.

They left out certain details, avoiding any mention of the Xuantian Sect.

They only said that they had made a breakthrough in the face of life and death, which allowed them to successfully counterattack and kill him.

Master Zhang Wanshuang, however, seemed to have known this all along and was not too surprised.

The two of them got punished with ten years of confinement, placing them under protective custody in the back mountain.

Ten years passed in a flash.

The storms of the Grand Dao Sect had nothing to do with the two confined in the seclusion chamber.

In the beginning, they were somewhat apprehensive about practicing dual cultivation within the sect.

But by the third year, both of them hit bottlenecks. Summoning their courage, they resumed practicing the Heaven and Earth Converging Manual together.

Perhaps it was due to long drought meeting a timely rain, or perhaps their cultivation had improved, but this time, the effect of dual cultivation was even better than three years ago.

Senior Sister Zhao broke through to the mid-stage Nascent Soul, and Li Fan's cultivation reached the mid-stage Golden Core.

The speed of their cultivation left both of them secretly astonished.

Unavoidably, their concerns also grew.

They knew that an occasional breakthrough could be explained as a stroke of fortune, but advancing so quickly, beyond the scope of their natural talents, would surely arouse suspicion.

If it were discovered that they were practicing the demonic arts of the Xuantian Sect, their fate would be miserable beyond imagination. Being stripped of their cultivation would be the least of their worries.

After a difficult discussion, they agreed that unless absolutely necessary, they would never engage in dual cultivation again.

The plan was ideal, but…

Another five years passed, and the strange bottleneck reappeared within them.

No matter how they cultivated, they couldn’t advance a step.

They struggled for a year.

For an entire year, they rested not a moment, dedicating all their energy to breaking through the bottleneck.

But it was all in vain.

The despair of their cultivation remaining stagnant tormented them.

Both Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao were wholeheartedly devoted to the Dao and could not tolerate being stuck at their current levels forever.

Thus, in the ninth year of their confinement, they could no longer resist and engaged in dual cultivation for the third time.

Like dry wood catching fire, the blissful experience was even more intense than before.

As expected, after dual cultivation, the bottleneck disappeared, and their cultivation advanced once more.

Although they didn’t immediately break through, they were very close.

After the passion subsided, the two of them felt fear.

First, they feared their secret practice of Xuantian Sect’s arts would be discovered.

Second, they feared that the Heaven and Earth Converging Manual was so strange that they might be controlled by it for the rest of their lives.

Both of them were proud individuals, unable to bear such a fate.

In the final period, they ceased cultivation altogether, choosing instead to live simply, like a mortal couple, and devoted their time to researching a way to break free from the technique.

“The heavens give birth to all things, and so there is the concept of the Heavenly Father and Earthly Mother in the world. Every living being in this world is born with a 'Mark' left by Heaven and Earth.”

“It is said that the Xuantian Sect stole the authority of Heaven, controlling the power to bestow and change such 'Marks'.”

“Even an ordinary person, once bestowed by the Xuantian Sect, could become like us cultivators.”

“Furthermore, it is rumored that the Kings of the Xuantian Sect possessed a 'Longevity accomplished Position'. Whoever obtained it could achieve eternal life and live as long as Heaven and Earth.”

Senior Sister Zhao shared with Li Fan the secrets she had heard from various places.

“Achieving eternal life…” A strange glint flickered in Li Fan’s eyes.

“Senior Sister, are you suggesting that the Xuantian Sect’s techniques also carry this 'Mark' ability?”

Senior Sister Zhao sighed softly, “It’s just my speculation. The remnants of the Xuantian Sect’s teachings are scattered fragments, but even from those, one can sense how terrifying the sect was in its prime. Its laws were strict like divine edicts, suppressing all beneath Heaven, with none daring to defy them.”

“Though it is now but a ghost of its former self, breaking free from it won’t be easy.”

Li Fan held Senior Sister Zhao’s hand, his gaze firm. “Don’t worry, we will definitely overcome this.”

Time flew by, and soon their ten-year confinement was over.

The sealed doors opened with a rumble, and with nervous hearts, they walked out of the confinement chamber.

They had been worried that their rapid progress over the ten years would arouse suspicion.

However, upon returning to the sect, they were shocked to find that their progress now paled in comparison to others.

It turned out that in the second year of their confinement, a so-called "New Method" had quietly begun to spread.

Absorbing the spirit of Heaven and Earth, borrowing the wonders of Heaven, peering into the laws of Heaven…

Even defying the principles of Heaven.

Unlike the current method of sensing the Heavenly Dao and cultivating in harmony with it, this method involved seizing from Heaven and Earth, using any means necessary.

But its actual results far surpassed the current cultivation methods.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 514


At the very beginning, the elders of the sect regarded the "new method" as a shortcut, a lesser path, and dismissed it with disdain.

However, as some disciples secretly practiced it in the shadows, their progress accelerated rapidly.

Soon, disciples began to surpass their masters in cultivation in a very short period.

As a result, the situation started to change.

Seeing the disciples below them making tremendous strides in their cultivation, the elders of the Grand Dao Sect started to feel uneasy.

Even though the Grand Dao Sect still placed great importance on the hierarchy of positions and seniority, the rule of the cultivation world since time immemorial—survival of the fittest—was hard to change.

In the past, the elders relied on their cultivation and status to firmly control the power of the sect. But now, they were still in their prime, yet they could see their disciples catching up with them in cultivation, or even surpassing them.

With their ruling positions under threat, how could they remain indifferent?

Thus, the upper echelons of the elders split into two factions.

One faction believed that the "new method" was a force that seized from heaven and earth, progressing rapidly but deviating from the true path. Over time, it would cause irreversible damage to the world and must be completely banned.The other faction argued that the heavens and earth were vast and boundless, essentially inexhaustible. Although cultivators might endlessly plunder the world for their own cultivation during their lifetime, not everyone could reach the realm of eternal life. Once they perished, everything they had taken would return to the world.

Therefore, there was no need to worry excessively about this.

At present, the "new method" was spreading across the world, and many scattered rogue cultivators had risen because of it. Even disciples from other sects had been practicing it, gaining significant strength in the process.

If the Grand Dao Sect refused to adopt the new method, it would inevitably fall behind.

Both factions had their reasons, and neither was willing to yield. However, as those supporting the new method secretly cultivated and improved their strength, they gradually gained the upper hand in this internal struggle.

...

When Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao emerged from their retreat, they witnessed this chaotic scene.

"Defying the laws of heaven and earth?" Senior Sister Zhao muttered under her breath, a strange light flickering in her eyes.

As for Li Fan, while he felt an intense longing for the new method, he was also inexplicably filled with dread.

It was as if this new method contained some great catastrophe.

"No matter what, the peculiarities in our cultivation of the 'Heaven and Earth Converging Manual' should go unnoticed," Li Fan said.

"Senior Sister, what do you think of this so-called 'new method'?"

Senior Sister Zhao chuckled softly. "Just a trick. No matter how fast it is, can it be faster than our dual cultivation method?"

"Still, it might serve as a good cover."

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan nodded in agreement.

Thus, on the surface, they also adopted the new method, while secretly continuing to use the power of dual cultivation to seize this rare opportunity and rapidly improve their own cultivation realms.

Another ten years passed.

The struggle between the old and new methods became increasingly intense.

It was no longer just internal conflict; outside the sect, the rogue cultivators across the world formed the 'Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance', attempting to challenge the authority of the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

Internal power struggles were one thing, but when outsiders tried to take a share of their power, it became another matter entirely.

To maintain their rule, the Ten Great Immortal Sects—despite their claim of unity—were in fact full of internal scheming and competition. Yet, after many years, they joined forces once again.

They formed an allied army to suppress and eradicate the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Initially, it was believed that these scattered rogue cultivators, lacking any deep foundation, would quickly collapse under the combined might of the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

But the outcome was rather unexpected.

At first, the so-called Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was easily defeated by the sects' cultivators, suffering heavy casualties.

However, there were simply too many of them.

Even after wiping out one group, a new batch of cultivators soon emerged.

Moreover, in every battle, some of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's cultivators managed to escape by luck. After surviving one blood-soaked battle after another, their combat prowess gradually transformed. Even the elite cultivators from the Ten Great Immortal Sects found it increasingly difficult to kill them.

There were countless mortals in the world. With the support of the new method, they could quickly be transformed into fresh forces for the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

In contrast, the Ten Great Immortal Sects, with their pride and strict standards for selecting disciples, found it difficult to replenish their losses after each defeat. It often took years, even over a decade, to recover from a fallen disciple.

As a result, the balance of power between the two sides gradually leveled.

The battle reached a stalemate.

Moreover, with the varying degrees of casualties among the sects, cracks began to form within the previously unified coalition of the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

Some sects even deliberately avoided participating in battles to preserve their strength.

Everyone knew that by this point, the rise of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was unstoppable.

Yet the leaders of the Ten Great Immortal Sects remained unwilling to accept this. They were not ready to hand over the world they had worked so hard to control to these mortals whom they had once dismissed.

Thus, a plan was born: "Capture the leader first."

[TL : Decided to Keep the name "Immortal Ancestor" instead of Venerable or Sovereign as a reader explained the intricacy and intentions behind the word of - 'Chuān Fǎ Tiān Zūn']

The rapid rise of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was largely thanks to the so-called "Dao transmitters". These individuals were fiercely loyal to the Dao Transmission Immortal Ancestor, following his lead without question.

If the 'Immortal Ancestor' could be killed, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance would lose its spiritual leader and collapse from within.

The Immortal Ancestor was merely at the Dao Integration stage, while the Ten Great Immortal Sects had several Longevity-stage experts among them.

As long as they could find him, the decapitation plan could be executed, ending the stalemate.

The Ten Great Immortal Sects reached an agreement and dispatched their strongest experts to form a small task force, vowing to assassinate the Immortal Ancestor.

However, because the Immortal Ancestor was as elusive as a dragon, constantly moving, the sects also sent elite disciples to scour the world for any trace of him.

Naturally, Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao were among those sent on this mission.

This search took over twenty years.

Thanks to the aid of dual cultivation, Senior Sister Zhao had successfully advanced to the Soul Transformation stage, while Li Fan, though slightly slower, had also reached the Nascent Soul stage.

They traveled all across the Xuanhuang Realm, slaying countless rogue cultivators.

But they still hadn't found any trace of the Immortal Ancestor.

"Senior Sister, what do you think of this Dao Transmission Immortal Ancestor?" Li Fan asked.

"The Dao Transmission Immortal Ancestor…" Senior Sister Zhao pondered for a moment before shaking her head slightly.

"I don't know."

Li Fan was taken aback.

Then Senior Sister Zhao continued, "To single-handedly overturn the entire structure of the cultivation world—there has never been such a monstrous figure in the Xuanhuang Realm in millennia."

"But all the information about him is based on rumors. Who he truly is and why he is doing this remain mysteries."

"Perhaps only by seeing him in person will we get our answers."

"I wonder if the other brothers and sisters have had any luck."

...

Just as the two were chatting, they suddenly received a message from the sect.

After reading it, their expressions became quite colorful.

It turned out that the "Assassination plan," which had been going on for over twenty years without any progress, had been canceled.

Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao exchanged a glance, knowing that something significant must have happened.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 515


Rushing back to the sect after a long and exhausting journey, Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao were utterly shocked by the sight that greeted them.

The sect was draped in white mourning cloth, and the disciples were all filled with grief.

After quickly inquiring, they finally learned what had transpired.

The sect master of the Grand Dao Sect, Fang Dingge, a powerful cultivator at the Longevity Realm, had fallen.

Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao were both deeply shaken and filled with countless questions.

The Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign was considered the strongest in this world. As the leader of one of the ten great immortal sects, Fang Dingge's cultivation had reached unfathomable depths, his power almost godlike.

Even among the Longevity Sovereigns, he was a prominent figure.

How could such a person fall so suddenly?

As they delved deeper into the matter, it only grew more bizarre and mysterious.

Not only was the cause of Fang Dingge's death unknown, but even his body was missing.Rather than "fallen," it seemed more like...

He had vanished.

However, the shattered remains of his life lantern within the sect stood as irrefutable proof that this Longevity Sovereign had indeed passed away.

No matter how many doubts or regrets they harbored, they could not change this fact.

In fact, the public announcement of the sect master’s death had only been made after intense deliberation among the elders of the sect.

This was too significant to keep secret, even if they had wanted to.

After all, Fang Dingge wasn't the only Longevity Sovereign to have fallen.

The Taishang, Heavenly Sword, Du'e, and Beast Taming sects...

It was rumored that each of these sects had also lost their Longevity Sovereigns.

This news was terrifying.

Though the ten great immortal sects tried to seal off this information, it quickly spread.

How could so many Longevity Sovereigns fall at once?

Who could have done this?

Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao immediately thought of the mysterious figure known as the 'Immortal Ancestor'.

After all, these fallen Longevity Sovereigns were precisely the ones who, over twenty years ago, had vowed to unite and kill the Immortal Ancestor.

Now that they had all suddenly perished, the Immortal Ancestor, a powerful figure in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, was the most likely suspect.

But this didn't make sense.

The Immortal Ancestor had not yet reached the Longevity Realm. If he had the power to kill Longevity Sovereigns, he should have already rallied all the cultivators under his banner and overthrown the ten great immortal sects.

Yet, since the beginning, the Immortal Ancestor had only appeared at the start to spread his teachings, and very rarely thereafter. For most of the time, he had vanished without a trace, shrouded in mystery.

Could it be that, after killing the Longevity Sovereigns, the Immortal Ancestor himself had been severely wounded and was now forced into hiding?

Even so, he should have informed the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance of his victory to boost morale.

But according to Li Fan’s knowledge, even the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was shocked by the simultaneous deaths of the Longevity Sovereigns.

It seemed they were just as unaware.

This entire event, from start to finish, was shrouded in mystery and absurdity.

After hearing the news, Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao took a long time to process it.

The Longevity Immortal Realm they had so desperately sought... was it really so fragile? Could they fall so easily, just like ordinary cultivators?

Was there still any meaning in their cultivation?

In the midst of their confusion, the two spent several days cultivating together before finally recovering.

"This matter is certainly not as simple as it seems. Rather than saying they've fallen, I believe they’ve broken free of their shackles and ascended beyond this world," Senior Sister Zhao said calmly.

"Shackles?" This was the first time Li Fan had heard of such a concept, and he couldn't help but ask.

"A long time ago, Master once mentioned it to me in passing," Senior Sister Zhao said, frowning slightly as if trying to recall.

"At the time, I asked, 'What does true freedom mean? Is reaching the Longevity Realm true freedom?' Master was silent for a long time before sighing, 'Heaven’s shackles bind all beings; no one can escape. Even those at the Longevity Realm are still trapped. When the ten great sects overthrew the Xuantian Sect, they didn’t completely overthrow everything.' I wanted to ask more, but Master refused to say anything further."

Li Fan was deeply shaken by what he heard. "Even those at the Longevity Realm aren’t free?"

Seeing the dazed look on her lover's face, Senior Sister Zhao gently comforted him, "Their disappearance this time might actually be a good thing. At the very least, it proves that there is a possibility of breaking free from the shackles and truly transcending."

After thinking for a long while, Li Fan finally nodded. "Senior Sister, when the time comes, let’s break through together and ascend beyond this world, leaving behind a beautiful tale in the Xuanhuang Realm."

Senior Sister Zhao blushed at his words.

As their emotions deepened, the two resumed their cultivation together.

---

The disappearance of the Longevity Immortal Sovereigns had a profound impact on the current structure of the Xuanhuang Realm.

After the mourning ceremonies were completed, the Grand Dao Sect fell into a power struggle for the position of sect master.

The suddenness of the event meant that even Fang Dingge himself had not foreseen his disappearance, and thus, no successor had been chosen.

Fang Dingge's direct disciple was only at the Soul Transformation stage, far from qualified to take on the responsibility of sect master.

When the two remaining Longevity Sovereigns within the sect declared that they had no interest in the position, the other elders began to eye the position greedily.

A power struggle was inevitable.

Senior Sister Zhao’s master, Zhang Wangshuang, had already broken through to the Dao Integration stage in recent years. Naturally, he had ambitions for the position of sect master.

Power struggles are often brutal.

A year later, the dust settled.

Due to a lack of sufficient backing within the sect, Zhang Wangshuang was regretfully defeated.

The position of Grand Dao Sect master was inherited by Ji Changxi from the Tianchen lineage.

Although the internal strife did not result in deaths, it greatly weakened the sect.

After becoming sect master, Ji Changxi didn’t implement any drastic reforms. Instead, he focused on recovery and regrowth.

In response to the dwindling number of disciples, he issued a decree relaxing the requirements for outer disciples to advance. He also instituted a sect-wide competition every three years, making the cultivation and performance of disciples a critical factor.

Under these circumstances, Senior Sister Zhao, who consistently performed well in these competitions, became the brightest star among the younger generation of Grand Dao Sect disciples.

In contrast, Li Fan, who had more defeats than victories, became increasingly ordinary.

The most beautiful gem should belong to the strongest hero.

Li Fan’s lackluster performance, combined with his constant presence at Senior Sister Zhao's side, caused dissatisfaction among some disciples.

Many young talents began to ignore Li Fan and pursued Senior Sister Zhao fervently.

Even Zhang Wangshuang, who had once been somewhat supportive of Li Fan, began to change his attitude.

Sensing the impending crisis, Li Fan made a decisive move.

On a sunny afternoon, he proposed to Senior Sister Zhao.

There were no precious treasures or rare artifacts.

He simply looked into her eyes and said, "Senior Sister, be my Dao companion. From now on, let’s walk the path of immortality together."

Without a moment's hesitation, Senior Sister Zhao agreed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 516


In the face of nearly unanimous opposition from the entire sect, Senior Sister Zhao resolutely decided to marry Li Fan.

The wedding was very simple, even somewhat crude.

But her master, Zhang Wangshuang, still attended. He looked at the newlyweds below and sighed softly, a faint smile reluctantly appearing on his face.

That night, countless heartbroken disciples of the Grand Dao Sect drank themselves into oblivion, with many fights breaking out as a result.

It is worth mentioning that the reason why so many young disciples of the Grand Dao Sect were infatuated with Senior Sister Zhao was not only due to her unmatched beauty and strength among her peers.

More importantly, after practicing the "Heaven and Earth Converging Manual," Senior Sister Zhao inadvertently exuded an irresistible feminine allure that was almost impossible to withstand.

Furthermore, in the eyes of outsiders, Senior Sister Zhao's primordial yin remained intact, giving the impression that she was still a virgin.

Thus, even though she had always been close to Li Fan, she still attracted countless suitors who pursued her tirelessly.

After the wedding, following a reminder from Li Fan, Senior Sister Zhao dispelled her disguise.

Many hearts were broken again, yet there were still a few hopeless romantics who refused to give up.Because after shedding her youthful aura, her mature charm was even more enticing, making her even harder to resist.

Fortunately, Senior Sister Zhao was utterly devoted to Li Fan, which eased some of the pressure on him.

However, whether for the sake of longevity or to protect Senior Sister Zhao, Li Fan became even more diligent in his cultivation from then on.

With no shortage of spirit stones and pills, combined with the dual cultivation of the "Heaven and Earth Converging Manual," Li Fan's cultivation level increased day by day.

In the blink of an eye, thirteen years had passed.

On this day, a heavenly phenomenon occurred.

All living beings in the Xuanhuang Realm saw an elderly man with a kind face and a high crown, standing tall and holding up the sky with his hands.

The phenomenon did not last long.

But in the hearts of all cultivators, a complex and indescribable emotion surged—grief, confusion, anger—all these emotions intertwined, creating a mix of feelings.

After the image of the elder disappeared, all cultivators gradually understood.

Today, the Immortal Ancestor had achieved eternal longevity.

From this day forth, he was to be revered as the "Immortal Ancestor of Dao Transmission."

He single-handedly altered the cultivation path of the world. From now on, cultivators could only practice the method of seizing the heavens and the earth that he had established.

Although many years had passed, and most cultivators had already adopted the new method, there were still some who clung desperately to the old "Heaven-Man Unity" cultivation path.

Now, he had cut off the old path entirely.

Some of the "old antiques," as these ancient cultivators were mockingly called, committed suicide in despair.

Others left in anger, disappearing from the world.

Chaos spread across every corner of the Xuanhuang Realm, including within the Grand Dao Sect.

The new method was unstoppable.

These disturbances were mere ripples in the grand tide, unable to change the overall course of the river.

After the turmoil subsided, the world entered a rare period of peace and explosive growth.

The number of cultivators, and the quality of their realms, increased at an alarming rate.

Even someone like Li Fan, who was of average talent, managed to ascend to the Soul Transformation stage in just over twenty years after switching to the new method, given that he lacked no resources.

Not to mention the other elite disciples within the sect.

If not for the scarcity of Heaven and Earth Essences, and the unpredictable nature of their appearance, there would likely be an explosion of Dao Integration cultivators.

Senior Sister Zhao, as one of the most outstanding disciples of the Grand Dao Sect, passed countless tests and eventually succeeded in integrating the Dao.

She became one of the few true disciples of the Grand Dao Sect.

"Congratulations! Congratulations! The tide has risen, and where once a Soul Transformation cultivator could become a true disciple, now only Dao Integration can qualify." Li Fan kissed Senior Sister Zhao and embraced her in congratulations.

However, her face showed little joy. Instead, a rare trace of worry appeared.

Having spent decades together, Li Fan knew her well and was surprised to see this unusual expression on her face.

Concerned, he asked, "Senior Sister, what are you worried about?"

"When I was breaking through, I had an inexplicable premonition." Senior Sister Zhao waved her hand, sealing the surrounding space.

Then she quietly transmitted her voice, saying, "The current prosperous and bustling cultivation world, which seems to be flourishing like a blazing fire, is actually hiding a certain crisis."

"Once it erupts..."

Li Fan was shocked.

He knew that at the moment of breaking through to the Dao Integration stage, one came close to achieving the ancient "Heaven-Man Unity" state of cultivation. The insights gained at that stage were never without reason.

Although he did not know where the crisis would come from, it did not stop the two from preparing for it in advance.

Having cultivated together for many years, the two were already inseparable and had become a unified front.

Without alerting anyone else, the couple continued their normal cultivation while secretly gathering resources, preparing for the possible cataclysmic change that could descend at any moment.

They did not expect that this preparation would last over thirty years.

Time flew by, and the crisis never materialized. The couple began to think that their past premonition had been nothing more than an illusion.

During those thirty years, Senior Sister Zhao's cultivation became increasingly profound, and her crushing battle prowess elevated her to the status of Dao Child, the heir apparent of the Grand Dao Sect.

She was bestowed the "Heaven-Slaying Dao Scripture."

If nothing unexpected happened, in a few years, once the current sect leader passed, she would be the next in line to become the sect leader of the Grand Dao Sect.

Senior Sister Zhao was filled with excitement, and Li Fan was genuinely happy for her.

But their joy was short-lived.

One day, the long-forgotten cataclysmic change in heaven and earth suddenly arrived.

It came so unexpectedly, so incomprehensibly, and so unacceptably for cultivators.

All the preparation they had done over the years turned out to be a joke.

Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao were the first to sense the anomaly during their dual cultivation.

"Hmm?"

After one of their usual intense dual cultivation sessions, Li Fan voiced his confusion.

"What is it?"

Senior Sister Zhao, still not fully recovered from the blissful experience, asked curiously.

"Why does it feel like the effect of this dual cultivation session wasn't as good?"

Li Fan furrowed his brows.

"Could it be another bottleneck?"

After reaching the Dao Integration stage, the improvement from dual cultivation had become less noticeable, so Senior Sister Zhao hadn’t initially noticed anything wrong.

But after Li Fan's reminder, she checked and her expression subtly changed.

"There's no bottleneck, but the effectiveness has significantly diminished."

"Let's try again."

Li Fan nodded in agreement.

After a long while.

Li Fan's expression grew heavy. "Why has it suddenly stopped working?"

"Could it be that the 'Heaven and Earth Converging Manual'..."

Before he could finish, they suddenly heard a commotion and uproar outside.

"It's not just dual cultivation techniques—it's all cultivation methods..."

"They've all malfunctioned!"

Senior Sister Zhao finally realized what was happening, her face turning pale as she stood up abruptly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 517


Senior Sister Zhao's reminder made Li Fan's heart skip a beat, and he quickly attempted to activate the cultivation technique he had been practicing, "The Nine Revolutions of the Void Truth".

This technique, "The Nine Revolutions of the Void Truth", was what he had switched to after advancing to the Soul Transformation realm.

Although its power couldn't compare to the "Heaven-Slaying Dao Scripture", it was still highly formidable.

It directly pointed toward the Longevity Realm and could be considered a supreme method.

The nine revolutions of the void involved understanding oneself thoroughly with each revolution, gaining insight into a unique divine ability. In any other sect, this would be regarded as a treasured legacy, reserved only for elders or a few core disciples.

Li Fan had only been given the opportunity to cultivate this technique because he had benefited from Senior Sister Zhao's promotion to Dao Child.

However, at this moment...

After circulating the technique for several cycles, not only did his cultivation fail to increase, but he also vaguely sensed the locations of a few fellow disciples who were cultivating the same technique.

Moreover, the more he focused on sensing, the more an uncontrollable murderous intent surged in his heart.

"What is going on?!" Li Fan was both shocked and terrified, his face instantly darkening.

"Multiple people cannot cultivate the same technique... this is the backlash of heaven and earth..." Senior Sister Zhao looked up at the sky and muttered to herself. "I never expected the calamity I foresaw to manifest in this way."

"Multiple people cannot cultivate the same technique."

Hearing these words made Li Fan's heart race. As he pondered the situation, he seemed to envision an inevitable, unstoppable bloodbath sweeping across the cultivation world.

Since embarking on his path of cultivation, he had never felt such bone-deep fear.

But Li Fan was now a Soul Transformation cultivator, a prominent figure in the outside world. Though alarmed, he didn't panic. He paced back and forth in the room, frowning as he pondered the situation.

"The Heaven and Earth Converging Manual" was cultivated only by you and me. Although its effectiveness has been greatly reduced, it's not entirely ineffective."

"So, does this mean the more people cultivate the same technique, the stronger the limitations?"

"It's almost certain that this strange phenomenon will have devastating effects on every sect in the world. Tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands of disciples—where would they find so many techniques for all their members to practice?"

"Even the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance won't fare well. In fact, they might suffer even more than we do! After all, they are a newly established organization, unlike our Ten Great Immortal Sects with deep foundations. Their number of techniques is limited, and it's said that most of their lower-level members cultivate the [Heavenly Net Divine Art]." A shadow flickered in Li Fan's eyes.

"This is a calamity for all cultivators."

Li Fan turned to Senior Sister Zhao and, after hesitating for a moment, reminded her, "Multiple people cannot cultivate the same technique, so some sacrifices will be necessary. The 'Heaven-Slaying Dao Scripture' you cultivate conflicts with the sect master’s..."

A cold light appeared on Senior Sister Zhao's face.

Just as she was about to speak, a series of urgent and crisp bell chimes suddenly rang out from outside.

"The sect master is summoning an emergency meeting, likely to discuss how to deal with this calamity. I'll go first."

After she disappeared, her faint voice reached Li Fan's ears.

"Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

Li Fan looked toward the sect's main hall at the mountain peak, his expression unreadable.

"Multiple people cannot cultivate the same technique..."

Alone, he entered a secret chamber and began recalling the techniques he had obtained from the ruins of the 'Xuantian Sect'.

Besides the Heaven and Earth Converging Manual, there were also Sole-Eternal Dominance Art, 'The Soul-Severing Divine Radiance Art,' and 'The Scripture of Heaven’s Sorrow and Earth’s Grief.'

Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao had privately studied these techniques together.

However, the cultivation methods and their effects were drastically different from the current techniques, and they might even carry unclear marks or restrictions, much like dual cultivation techniques.

Thus, over the years, they had only memorized them and destroyed the original texts without actually practicing them.

"If there's no other option, I'll have to switch to these unique techniques from the Xuantian Sect." Li Fan was well aware that his position within the sect could never compare to that of the core disciples. He would undoubtedly be the first to be sacrificed. "Fortunately, the new techniques are fast to cultivate. Even if I have to start over, I can quickly return to my previous level."

"Fate works in mysterious ways. Who would've thought that a chance encounter in my youth would play such a decisive role many years later? With these unique techniques, I can survive this great calamity as long as I'm careful." Li Fan's eyes gleamed as he immersed himself in the contents of the techniques.

The highest-level meeting in the sect didn't last long. Soon, Sect Master Ji Changxi issued a decree to stabilize the disciples' minds.

He instructed them not to panic, saying that the Ten Great Immortal Sects had already begun researching a solution.

He also ordered all disciples of the sect who were outside to return immediately, as the sect would soon activate its protective barrier and close its gates.

At the same time, the pill room was ordered to work at full capacity to produce life-extending elixirs in case of emergencies.

…

As orders were issued, the disciples' panic gradually subsided.

The Ten Great Immortal Sects had stood for thousands of years. They should be able to find a way to respond, right?

Most disciples thought so.

Three years passed in this oppressive atmosphere.

Despite various attempts by cultivators, no solution to the issue of 'multiple people cultivating the same technique' had been found.

In fact, rumors began circulating about sects large and small fighting to the death over techniques, leading to the destruction of countless sects.

The only good news was that the mysterious 'Immortal Ancestor of Dao Transmission' had suddenly appeared.

He forcibly broke into the 'Taishang Sect' and obtained the 'Art of Dissolving Cultivation' from the 'Primordial Scripture of Taishang' for all cultivators.

With this wonderful technique, even if someone was forced to abandon their cultivation method, they wouldn't lose much of their power.

"I have to admit, I'm a little grateful to him," Li Fan said as he circulated the 'The Soul-Severing Divine Radiance Technique,' feeling his pure cultivation rapidly improving.

"Hmph, grateful to him? If it weren't for his introduction of the new methods, where would this heaven and earth backlash and great calamity come from? His intentions are vile and he deserves to die!" Senior Sister Zhao snorted coldly.

"According to the sect master, when he first began spreading the new methods, the Ten Great Immortal Sects investigated his background."

"Unfortunately, they couldn't find anything suspicious."

"They were too arrogant at the time, not taking him seriously. And there were..."

"And there were other matters to attend to, so they simply overlooked him."

"By the time they realized, the new methods had spread like wildfire, unstoppable!"

"Damn him!"

Having also switched techniques, Senior Sister Zhao spoke coldly, a hint of killing intent flashing in her eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 518


Li Fan noticed the deliberate omission in Senior Sister Zhao's words, and a thought crossed his mind.

However, he did not pursue it further.

Although they were Dao companions, she, being the Dao Child of the Grand Dao Sect, was destined to come into contact with highly classified secrets. It was natural for her not to reveal everything.

"Regardless, the act of seizing and publishing the 'Primordial Scripture of Taishang' indirectly saved countless cultivators. It could be considered a great merit," Li Fan sighed.

Suddenly, as if a thought struck him, Li Fan froze slightly.

"What's the matter?" Senior Sister Zhao noticed his unusual behavior and asked, a bit surprised.

"The logic against heaven..." Li Fan turned his head, staring directly at Senior Sister Zhao.

"Isn't it the natural law that one cannot cultivate multiple techniques at once? But if there is a cultivator who reverses this law and achieves eternal Dao, wouldn't that mean the Xuanhuang Realm could be saved?"

Senior Sister Zhao was silent for a moment, then gently shook her head. "You're not wrong, several seniors did try to do this."

"But without exception, all of them failed."

"The stronger the law of heaven, the harder it is to reverse. The law against cultivating multiple techniques is something the heavens imposed to counterbalance us cultivators, a natural alteration."

"If you think deeply, this law was already reversed once. To reverse it again... the difficulty is far more than doubled."

"Otherwise, why do you think the countless geniuses within the Ten Great Immortal Sects haven't attempted to defy the Dao of Transmission of the Immortal Ancestor, completely eradicating the foundation of the new methods?"

Senior Sister Zhao explained to Li Fan.

Li Fan pondered the meaning behind her words, sinking into deep thought.

After three years of chaos, cultivators seemed to have gradually adapted to a life where they could no longer cultivate multiple techniques.

It was simply that their cultivation realms could no longer advance. However, this allowed them to avoid the daily grind of cultivation and instead idly wandered around the sect, enjoying leisurely days.

Life was not too bad.

As for those with exceptional talent, they were arranged by the sect elders to practice one technique alone.

Senior Sister Zhao was no exception.

The technique she was cultivating now, 'The Eternal Scripture of Impermanence', although not as powerful as Heaven-Slaying Dao Scripture, was still sufficient for her to cultivate to the Longevity Realm.

However, with her lofty aspirations, Senior Sister Zhao would not be content with mediocrity.

As the saying goes, after experiencing the best, it’s hard to settle for less. Having personally practiced the most profound techniques in the world, switching to a lesser technique felt like chewing wax — tasteless and dull.

Thus, she turned her attention to the two remaining techniques of the Xuantian Sect.

After much deliberation, she chose 'The Scripture of Heaven’s Sorrow and Earth’s Grief.'

"Heaven’s sorrow, earth’s Grief's, the world mourns. This technique is only half a step below Heaven-Slaying Dao Scripture," Senior Sister Zhao remarked.

"The Xuantian Sect was indeed once the ruler of the entire Xuanhuang Realm. Even a Heavenly King carried so many profound and exquisite techniques. I wonder how many more treasures were on that escaping Holy Envoy," Senior Sister Zhao casually sighed.

"An holy envoy? The envoy of the Xuantian Sect?" Li Fan asked curiously. "He managed to escape the pursuit of the Ten Great Immortal Sects?"

"Yes, not only did he escape, but he also took the Xuantian Sect’s most precious treasure, the Xuantian Mirror, with him. Since then, he's vanished without a trace. Even though the Ten Great Sects have scoured the entire Xuanhuang Realm, they haven’t found a sign of him."

Senior Sister Zhao shook her head, glossing over the matter.

"Junior Brother, it’s been a while since we’ve dual cultivated..." A slight blush appeared on her cheeks as she whispered.

"Heh..." Li Fan, understanding her intentions, pulled Senior Sister Zhao into the secret chamber and sealed the surrounding space.

The peaceful days didn’t last long.

Li Fan didn’t know what was happening in the outside world, but when the first disciple of the Grand Dao Sect died because they could no longer break through their cultivation realm and exhausted their lifespan, a wave of anxiety and unease began to spread among the people.

Li Fan attended the funeral of the deceased cultivator named Zhu Jun.

It was very simple, just a quick cremation of the body, and according to Zhu Jun's wishes, he was buried on a mountain.

The funeral wasn’t filled with deep sorrow, but Li Fan could clearly see the grief in the eyes of the cultivators attending—a shared sense of fate.

Not long after, a saying began circulating within the Grand Dao Sect: "Yesterday it was Zhu Jun, today it’s all of us, tomorrow it will be the Sovereign's turn."

The Grand Dao Sect had Longevity Realm cultivators suppressing the situation, so even if there was rebellion, nothing could overturn the balance.

Rather than dying in vain in the mountains, it was better to go down and search for a glimmer of hope!

Affected by Zhu Jun's death, several disciples held this belief and voluntarily abolished the sect's techniques, applying to leave the sect in search of survival.

Sect Master Ji Changxi was not a heartless person and agreed to their requests.

He also promised that if they found no way out and regretted their decision, they could return at any time.

Some disciples were so moved that they shed tears on the spot and decided to stay in the sect, ready to live and die with it.

However, a few cultivators still insisted on leaving.

Ji Changxi did not stop them.

With these unstable elements gone, the Grand Dao Sect returned to peace.

Yet, it was clear to any discerning person that beneath this calm surface, a terrifying storm was brewing, ready to explode at any moment.

Just half a year later, some of the disciples who had left returned to the sect in tears, begging for the Sect Master to let them come back.

When they returned and recounted the situation outside, the surviving cultivators in the sect realized how lucky they were.

Due to the inability to cultivate multiple techniques, the outside world had turned into a horrific slaughterhouse.

The former peace had completely disappeared.

Walking on the road, one could be randomly attacked by a cultivator intent on fighting to the death, all for the possibility of gaining a technique.

The disciples who left the sect had abolished their techniques and only had a few magical tools for protection. How could they survive such chaos?

Severely injured, those who returned alive were the lucky ones.

These people had lost their courage and no longer mentioned cultivation, simply waiting for death within the sect.

The remaining disciples of the Grand Dao Sect also felt a deep sense of foreboding.

They no longer mentioned leaving.

On this day.

"Senior Sister, have you noticed anything strange?" Li Fan found Senior Sister Zhao, his expression serious.

"Hmm? Is there something wrong with the cultivation technique?" Senior Sister Zhao was unusually distracted.

It took her a long while to respond, frowning.

"Why do I see many disciples coughing?" Li Fan noticed her strange behavior, but his eyes flashed, and he didn’t ask more.

Instead, he mentioned the bizarre phenomenon he had observed.

"Coughing? Impossible. Even though they abolished their techniques, their cultivation realms are still intact. How could cultivators fall ill like mortals?"

As she said this, Senior Sister Zhao extended her divine sense outward.

Upon seeing the situation, her expression changed dramatically.

Without a word to Li Fan, she flew out to find a sickly disciple.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 519


Li Fan saw that something was wrong and hurriedly followed.

Sister Zhao stood some distance away, her expression grave as she inspected the state of the cultivator before her.

“Cough, cough…” This disciple of the Grand Dao Sect was stuck at the Nascent Soul stage, but at this moment, he looked no different from a dying mortal, his eyes hollow, his consciousness muddled, his breath as faint as a wisp.

He coughed violently from time to time, as if he were about to cough his lungs out.

A trace of deathly grayness was faintly visible on his face, and his body appeared weak beyond belief, completely unfit for someone at the Nascent Soul stage.

Li Fan felt a chill run down his spine.

Just a moment ago, this cultivator didn’t seem this severe. In the short time it took to find Sister Zhao, the situation had worsened dramatically.

“Could it be some kind of evil curse?” Li Fan squinted, trying to analyze the situation.

“Cough… Dao Child?” In his confusion, the cultivator recognized the two standing before him. He instinctively struggled to stand and offer a salute.

“No need, if you’re feeling unwell, don’t move. Rest well,” Sister Zhao stopped him, speaking gently.

“Ugh…” This disciple of the Grand Dao Sect had never seen Sister Zhao display such warmth and gentleness in his entire life.

For a moment, his face regained a slight glow, as if he had experienced a brief resurgence of life. He stared at Sister Zhao, filled with infatuation, as if his soul had been captivated.

“After you descended the mountain, where did you go? What encounters did you have, and whom did you meet?” Sister Zhao asked again.

Despite his failing body, the cultivator, coughing and gasping for breath, struggled to recount everything to her in meticulous detail.

Gradually, his breath weakened.

But seeing Sister Zhao’s eager expression, he persevered, speaking in halting, broken sentences.

Finally, when he uttered his last word, his breath ceased abruptly.

Yet his eyes remained open, staring at Sister Zhao with an unyielding, reluctant gaze.

“Let’s go!” Sister Zhao quickly grabbed Li Fan and swiftly left the scene.

At the same time, she handed him a purple-gold pill, instructing him to swallow it.

“The Creation Purple-Gold Pill?” Li Fan was shocked.

This pill was a secret treasure of the Grand Dao Sect, usually crafted only by longevity realm experts. No matter how severe the injury, as long as one wasn’t already dead, consuming it would instantly restore the body to its peak. It was practically a second life.

It was incredibly rare, and the sect had very few in reserve.

Yet now, Sister Zhao had unhesitatingly given him one…

Li Fan immediately realized the gravity of the situation and swallowed the Creation Purple-Gold Pill.

“Don’t waste it. Wrap it in your spiritual energy and slowly absorb its medicinal power,” Sister Zhao instructed while simultaneously casting spells, constructing layers of protective barriers around them.

“Could the cause of that disciple’s death still be contagious? What kind of curse is this powerful? Is it targeting our Grand Dao Sect?” Li Fan couldn’t help but feel alarmed.

“Rather than a curse, it seems more like a disease. A deadly disease that even cultivators cannot escape or avoid,” Sister Zhao’s expression was more serious than ever.

Even during the great upheaval when the laws of heaven could no longer be practiced, she hadn’t been this worried.

“Its target is not just our Grand Dao Sect but the extermination of all cultivators in the world… This must be reported immediately!”

Li Fan was stunned. “Could this be another backlash from the heavens? Damn it, is the treacherous heavens really trying to wipe us out completely?”

“Cough… cough…” As the two flew toward the sect’s main hall, Sister Zhao’s face suddenly turned an eerie pale color.

Then, uncontrollably, she began to cough softly.

But soon, a purple-golden light appeared, suppressing the paleness. The coughing stopped, and her complexion regained its rosy hue.

“How could it manifest so quickly? Sister, you’re at the Dao Integration stage!” Li Fan’s heart filled with a terrifying disbelief.

If even a Dao Integration expert was affected, what hope was there for him, a mere Soul Transformation cultivator?

Not daring to wait for the symptoms to show, he quickly circulated a sliver of the Creation Purple-Gold Pill’s medicinal power from his dantian, spreading it throughout his body as a defense.

Sure enough, not long after he finished, a wave of exhaustion swept over him.

It felt as if he had battled Sister Zhao for seven days and nights straight, his entire body aching as though his bones were about to break.

His throat burned as if cut by a blade, but his body, like a drowning mortal, desperately yearned for air, struggling to surface and take a deep breath.

Fortunately, the Creation Purple-Gold Pill’s reputation was well-deserved.

As its power circulated, the abnormal symptoms disappeared in an instant.

“Hiss… This disease is truly ferocious!” It felt as though he had brushed against death, and Li Fan looked at Sister Zhao with lingering fear. “Thankfully, I had your pill. Otherwise, I’d have ended up just like that junior brother!”

“Don’t let your guard down. This only suppressed the symptoms temporarily. The true culprit causing all this still remains inside us,” Sister Zhao reminded him at the right moment.

As if to validate her words, she quickly coughed again, though softly.

Even though the Creation Purple-Gold Pill soon neutralized the illness, it made Li Fan’s heart sink further.

They had miraculous pills to protect them, yet they still couldn’t shake off this mysterious disease. How much worse would it be for the ordinary disciples of the Grand Dao Sect, not to mention unaffiliated cultivators?

It was unimaginable.

The two fought off the illness as they swiftly arrived at the sect’s main hall.

There, the sect leader, Ji Changxi, having received Sister Zhao’s message in advance, had already gathered all the elders.

Though Sister Zhao had done her best to explain the severity of the disease, Ji Changxi and the elders gave it proper attention.

But…

It wasn’t enough.

In their eyes, although Sister Zhao had recently broken through to the Dao Integration stage thanks to a new cultivation method, she couldn’t be compared to them, who had been at the Dao Integration stage for centuries.

They possessed countless secret techniques and methods. What could harm this young Dao child might not necessarily harm them.

Besides, they believed they were fully prepared.

The space within the main hall was surrounded by numerous restrictive spells, layers upon layers of sealing barriers.

They had even activated the [Profound Abyss Dao Breakthrough Formation], which seemed close but was actually separated by several worlds.

It was absolutely secure, and they were completely confident.

“You two, stop suppressing the disease and each release a drop of your own blood,” Ji Changxi instructed.

Li Fan and Sister Zhao obeyed.

With soft coughs, two droplets of blood, each exuding an ominous aura, floated before the crowd.

Everyone observed from a distance, and the hall fell into silence.

Suddenly, a fleeting, almost imperceptible look of surprise crossed Ji Changxi’s face.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 520


Without knowing exactly what he had discovered, he suddenly took out Senior Sister Zhao's drop of blood from the isolated space and began to carefully examine it nearby.

"Master, you—!" Senior Sister Zhao couldn't help but exclaim in surprise.

"No worries!" A layer of black light emerged from around Ji Changxi's body, enveloping him entirely.

In that instant, Senior Sister Zhao recognized it—it was the unique divine light exhibited by the magical power [The Dao Is Mine Alone] from the Heaven-Slaying Dao Scripture.

All foreign energies, in the presence of this magical power, would be transformed into something the practitioner could control.

She had also briefly cultivated this divine technique! But now…

Lowering her head, Senior Sister Zhao carefully concealed the ambition and dissatisfaction in her eyes.

Fortunately, all the senior members of the Grand Dao Sect present had their attention focused entirely on the continuously swirling drop of blood in Ji Changxi's hand. It seemed no one had noticed her anomaly.

Black light surged endlessly from Master Ji’s body, surrounding the blood drop.

While the black light churned, the blood drop was gradually being consumed.

However, before Ji Changxi could analyze what was happening, a sharp cough suddenly echoed beside him.

A trace of surprise appeared on his face.

And this was only the beginning.

As if triggered by a chain reaction, soon after, uncontrollable coughing echoed throughout the grand hall of the sect, where the elites were gathered.

"How is this possible?!" After experiencing the severity of this unknown illness firsthand, the elders' expressions changed dramatically.

"Interesting, interesting…"

"Wait, this seems to be…"

However, those present are after all the elites of the elites who have survived from the Xuanhuang Realm for thousands of years.

Very quickly, each of them used their own methods to suppress the abnormalities in their bodies.

Some even began to study it on the spot with great interest.

Seeing the elders respond in this manner, Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao exchanged a glance, feeling slightly relieved.

"The contagiousness and virulence are extremely terrifying. This is something rarely seen in my life! I fear that even the [Absolute Immortal Edict] released during the dying struggle of the Xuantian Sect might not compare." An elderly man with white hair said slowly.

Li Fan only knew that this person was named Mo Zhiren, one of the elders of the Grand Dao Sect and an expert in pharmacology. He usually kept a low profile and refrained from sect affairs. However, it was said that the pills he refined were of the highest quality. Even the 'Creation Purple Gold Pill' Li Fan had taken before—Mo Zhiren could produce a flawed version with 70-80% efficacy despite only being at the Dao Integration stage.

Once Mo Zhiren spoke, the other elders immediately began to voice their opinions.

"This illness, once contracted, grows autonomously within a cultivator’s body. Mild symptoms are manageable, but if not suppressed in time, it will worsen into a severe condition..."

"At best, one's cultivation will regress; at worst, they will perish, body and soul!"

As soon as this was said, the expressions of everyone present became grim.

"I just tried over ten different methods, and while I could quickly eliminate the symptoms caused by the disease, the source of this affliction seems to linger, still hidden deep within the body. What is its host medium? Strange, truly strange..."

"We elders have strong cultivation and can easily suppress the symptoms, but what about the disciples? Without medicinal aid, they might…"

"First, we had the 'Law of Incompatible Cultivation', and now we face this bizarre disease..."

"The immortal path is severed, the future bleak! Perhaps it’s time to retreat, perhaps it's time to retreat!"

"Lei Fanzi, stop your nonsense in front of the juniors!"

...

The grand sect hall, usually the most solemn place, now resembled a noisy marketplace.

Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao kept their heads down, not daring to show any abnormal expressions.

"Everyone!"

At this moment, a voice rang out, drawing everyone’s attention.

The hall fell silent instantly.

"I have an idea," said Ji Changxi, the Grand Dao Sect Master, with a serious expression.

"Some of you may have already realized it—the reason this strange disease is so hard to defend against is that it is one of the newly born laws of Heaven and Earth."

"The so-called law of nature. But unlike the 'Law of Incompatible Cultivation'..."

"This... was caused by a cultivator!"

The words thundered through the hall, and Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao immediately looked up, shocked, staring at Ji Changxi as waves of disbelief surged in their minds.

A cultivator did this?

Defying the laws of Heaven and Earth?

Since the Immortal Ancestor Achieved Longevity, where only the new laws of Heaven could be cultivated, no one had ever defied Heaven's will to break through to the 'Longevity' realm.

The Ten Great Immortal Sects had countless heroes.

But despite decades of attempts, no so-called genius had succeeded.

This showed just how difficult it was to defy Heaven’s will!

However, according to Sect Master Ji, a cultivator had silently succeeded in attaining Longevity?

Who was it?

The Ten Great Immortal Sects, though full of intrigue, still maintained communication. If someone had broken through to the Longevity realm, even if there was no prior announcement, once the breakthrough was made, news would have been shared with the other sects.

Moreover, this new Longevity Immortal seemed to defy conventional law that the 'cultivators are immune to diseases'.

This kind of action, which essentially made enemies of all cultivators, could not possibly have come from one of the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

Who would dig their own grave?

So, who was this person that had not only reached the Longevity realm but also sought to eradicate all cultivators?

This was an outright provocation and declaration of war.

It wasn't just Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao who were stunned.

All the elders and Ji Changxi in the hall had expressions filled with restrained killing intent.

"Investigate! We must find out the truth!"

"Even if this person is a Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign, such actions cannot be forgiven!"

"I will immediately meet with the other heads of the Immortal Sects and pass on this information. As for the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance..." Ji Changxi paused.

"We’ll send someone to inform them as well and gauge their response."

"The strongest forces in the Xuanhuang Realm must unite. I refuse to believe that this individual can continue to roam free!"

"While tracking down the culprit, we must also take precautions against this illness. From today on, the medicine hall will operate at full capacity, ensuring the Grand Dao Sect has an adequate supply of medicinal pills."

"As for those outside the Grand Dao Sect…"

Ji Changxi hesitated for a moment.

"After numerous calamities, our Grand Dao Sect has suffered greatly. We may barely have the strength to protect ourselves…"

"So, let them fend for themselves."

The elders all nodded slightly in agreement with the sect master’s decision.

"I will also try to find a way to alleviate the symptoms of this strange disease," Mo Zhiren said, his eyes gleaming with desire.

"If I can completely neutralize its harm to cultivators, it would mean defying the laws of Heaven once again."

"In that case, perhaps 'Longevity' might still be within my reach."

He muttered to himself.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 531


Li Fan's expression remained unchanged as he took a slow sip of tea and glanced at Zhou Kebao. "You're not expecting me to step in and buy back the materials you’ve embezzled, are you? Although I'm relatively well-off, my contributions didn’t just fall from the sky. Besides, these materials are only useful for building the Immortal City and nothing else."

Zhou Kebao quickly shook his head. "I wouldn't dare be so ungrateful."

He cautiously glanced at Li Fan, bowing slightly in a flattering manner, "In fact, I came to you with the intention of resolving things peacefully..."

Suddenly, Li Fan slammed his teacup down on the table with a loud bang, instantly stopping Zhou Kebao in his tracks, his body stiffening.

Li Fan's expression turned cold, his eyes flashing with killing intent. "Resolve things peacefully? That’s not what you had in mind before."

"Embezzling so many materials, especially after I pledged a military order. You're pushing me, Li Fan, to the brink of death."

Zhou Kebao waved his hands in a panic, trembling as he explained, "That was never our intention! I swear! From start to finish, all we wanted was some financial gain..."

Li Fan remained indifferent, responding calmly, "Things have come this far, and I won't argue with you any further..."

Upon hearing this, Zhou Kebao’s face lit up with disbelief.

But before he could breathe a sigh of relief, Li Fan continued, "However, once the Congyun Immortal City is completed, everything will need to be reported to the higher-ups. Not a single detail will be left out.""After all, completing the Immortal City without wasting a single bit of material is proof of my exceptional ability, isn’t it?"

"This accomplishment should be broadcasted far and wide. If every city lord in the world were as efficient as I am, wouldn’t the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's conquest of the Five Elders Association be just around the corner?"

"What do you think, Daoist Zhou?" Li Fan boasted without shame.

"Heh, you're joking, Daoist," Zhou Kebao replied, wiping the cold sweat from his forehead, fully understanding the threat behind Li Fan's words.

"If you have any demands, just say them. We'll meet them, but please don't escalate the situation."

Zhou Kebao thumped his chest in assurance.

"Don't focus on what I want; focus on what you have," Li Fan stepped forward and patted Zhou Kebao’s shoulder.

"Contribution points? Do you think I lack those?"

Li Fan's face was filled with pride. "My reputation for deduction techniques is known throughout the world. Wealth accumulates upon wealth, and I can easily handle simple matters. Contribution points are nothing but a string of numbers to me."

Upon hearing this, Zhou Kebao’s body shook slightly.

"Besides, once the Congyun Immortal City is completed, the rewards from above will be significant. At that point, as a major figure, my level of authority will soar."

"With contribution points and authority, what in this world will be beyond my grasp?"

"And what do you think you can offer me to win me over?"

Li Fan’s eyes gleamed, locking onto Zhou Kebao.

Zhou Kebao felt the pressure of Li Fan's gaze, realizing that what Li Fan said made complete sense. His mind was a whirl of confusion, and for a moment, he couldn't come up with a suitable answer.

"Think it over and come back to me. I still have official matters to attend to, so I'll have to ask you to leave," Li Fan said coldly, issuing his order to depart.

Zhou Kebao, with a troubled expression, retreated.

Li Fan's meaning was clear.

He was willing to overlook their meddling, but they needed to offer enough compensation of value.

"The demand for no specific request is the hardest to fulfill," Zhou Kebao sighed softly.

He glanced back at the room where Li Fan was staying.

In the short time since he had left, seven or eight different cultivators had already come and gone, each with a solemn expression.

"His influence is already solidified. There's no point in opposing him."

"If that’s the case, we might as well use this opportunity to turn foes into allies. From what I can tell, he’s not the kind of person who holds grudges as long as he gets what he wants."

With his mind made up, Zhou Kebao quickly returned to discuss things with his associates.

Five days later, Zhou Kebao appeared before Li Fan again, exuding confidence.

"Daoist, take a look at this."

He pointed into the air, and a miniature floating city appeared before them.

"What does this mean?" Li Fan looked at it for a moment but couldn’t discern its significance.

Without revealing anything, he asked.

Seeing Li Fan’s reaction, Zhou Kebao grew even more confident, flashing a mysterious smile.

"It’s a cave residence, modeled exactly after the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s floating Immortal City—only better."

"I wonder if this interests you, Daoist?"

Zhou Kebao asked in a low voice.

"Hmm?" Li Fan’s eyes narrowed as he turned his gaze back to the floating model, deep in thought, before inhaling sharply.

"The materials you embezzled... you took more than double what was allocated to me? That’s quite bold, isn’t it?"

Zhou Kebao quickly replied, "Heh, you’ve misunderstood, Daoist."

"Though we did skim off quite a bit while scheming against you, it still wasn’t nearly enough to build an entire floating city."

"In truth, the materials we used were left over from various repair and renovation projects in different Immortal Cities across the states."

"You know, Daoist Li, that when the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance allocates materials for projects, they take all sorts of contingencies into account, so the budgets are usually quite generous. Since we’ve been doing this for so long, we’ve become proficient at minimizing actual losses."

"Thus, there’s always a surplus of materials, and naturally, we couldn't return the leftovers, so they ended up in our possession."

...

Zhou Kebao smiled faintly and stopped speaking, leaving the rest unsaid.

"After so many years, we’ve accumulated these materials. Instead of letting them sit and collect dust in storage, why not put them to use and resolve our misunderstandings with you?"

"Using public resources for private purposes, turning an Immortal City into a cave residence—heh, I can assure you that even in our Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, this kind of thing is rare."

Li Fan stared intently at the constantly rotating image of the Immortal City, clearly tempted.

Seeing this, Zhou Kebao redoubled his efforts to promote the idea.

"This Immortal City cave residence will have facilities identical to any regular Immortal City, except it won’t be connected to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters."

"And if you find it too ostentatious, we can install a concealment function. Structures like the administration hall and martial arts arena can be hidden from view and only revealed when needed."

"We’ll also leave plenty of room for future modifications to the cave residence."

"If you ever want to reinforce the protective arrays or restrictions, it’ll be no problem at all."

"Of course, if you’re willing to part with some contribution points, we can handle everything for you."

"And if you're generous enough, we could even discuss installing a long-distance teleportation formation or a virtual mustard seed miniature formation."

"A cave residence that you can carry with you, equipped with teleportation functions, capable of both attack and defense..."

"Are you satisfied, Daoist?"

Zhou Kebao asked, enticing him further.

Li Fan responded with a hearty laugh.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 521


Ever since the conclusion of the high-level meeting at the Grand Dao Sect, this mysterious plague has spread throughout the mountain gates at an alarming rate.

Even though an official decree was issued early on, ordering the disciples to be vigilant, practice self-isolation, and avoid contact with others, the situation spiraled out of control. Various pills were distributed to the disciples as needed, but...

None of the measures worked!

The speed at which the plague spreads and its lethality toward lower-level cultivators far exceeded the expectations of the Grand Dao Sect leadership.

In less than a month, almost every disciple of the Grand Dao Sect had contracted this strange illness. The miraculous Creation Purple Gold Pill, a divine medicine, wasn’t available to all disciples. Ordinary pills proved to be more of a psychological comfort than an actual remedy in the face of this plague.

It all depended on individual luck.

Those with milder symptoms gradually recovered after enduring some pain, though their cultivation levels dropped. At least they survived. However, more disciples experienced severe symptoms, and despite using all kinds of life-saving techniques and secret arts, they couldn’t escape death.

The situation grew even grimmer, with everyone in the Grand Dao Sect living in fear. No one dared to handle the bodies of the dead. From a safe distance, they would use spells to completely disintegrate the corpses, serving as a makeshift funeral.

The Grand Dao Sect, once filled with life, now was shrouded in sorrow, with cries of despair echoing throughout. It was hard to believe this was one of the most powerful sects in the cultivation world.

Given how the Grand Dao Sect was faring, one could only imagine the devastation in other places.On this day, Sect Leader Ji Changxi once again summoned Senior Sister Zhao and Li Fan to the main hall to discuss the strange plague.

"Cough cough..."

As soon as they entered the hall, the sound of coughing echoed from all directions. The elders and Sect Leader Ji Changxi no longer had their former vigor, appearing weak and sickly, barely keeping up appearances. Some elders even lay down, with puppets around them gently massaging their bodies, their occasional groans breaking the silence.

Despite being in the same hall, Li Fan noticed that everyone was isolated from each other with barriers and formations.

“How have you two been feeling lately?” Sect Leader Ji asked.

“Thank you for your concern, Sect Leader. Over the past month, we each took three Creation Purple Gold Pills. Both Li Fan and I are now fine. Most of the symptoms have disappeared, and we should fully recover soon,” Senior Sister Zhao replied with her head lowered.

Cough cough, “That’s good to hear, but you must remain cautious in the future and continue to prioritize personal protection. Based on the current situation, even if someone recovers from this plague, they could face a second or even multiple infections,” Ji Changxi said with a serious expression.

Senior Sister Zhao’s face paled slightly.

Before she could respond, Ji Changxi continued, “The reason I called you here today is to assign you a task.”

“After a period of investigation, we’ve come to some initial conclusions regarding the origin of this strange plague.”

Li Fan immediately focused, listening intently.

“Previously, we suspected that this illness was caused by a Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign reversing some natural law of the world. Recently, we’ve confirmed which natural law was altered.”

“In the eyes of cultivators, mortals are like ants. However, this illness allows even mortals to kill immortals!” A trace of uncontrollable anger flashed in Ji Changxi’s eyes.

“This plague actually originated from a plague that spread among mortals years ago.”

“It originally posed no threat to us cultivators, but after this manipulation by a Heavenly Sovereign, it underwent a fundamental change, becoming a threat to our very lives.”

“Heh, it could now be called the ‘Immortal Plague.’”

“I don’t know what this Longevity Sovereign was thinking or what their ultimate goal is, but it seems they are determined to drive us to destruction. The situation is starting to spiral out of control.”

“Out of control?” Senior Sister Zhao asked in shock, “Has this Immortal Plague really reached that level?”

Ji Changxi shook his head, “You’ve been in the sect this whole time, so you don’t know what’s been happening in the outside world over the past month.”

“The source of the Immortal Plague is mortals, and this fact has spread among the cultivation world.”

“Those cultivators who are dying from the plague have begun to take out their anger by slaughtering mortals. The world outside is now a scene of hell.”

“They are too cowardly to confront the Heavenly Sovereign, so they vent their frustration on the weak. It’s disgraceful!” Senior Sister Zhao’s eyes flashed with cold fury upon hearing this.

Ji Changxi, however, said, “It’s understandable that those who are on the verge of death lose their sanity. We can’t completely blame them.”

“But the indiscriminate slaughter of mortals is excessive. The Immortal Plague lies dormant within the mortals, and even if they die, the plague won’t disappear. In fact, it will spread even further.”

“Moreover, if they truly wipe out all mortals, how will the world be sustained…”

Ji Changxi paused slightly.

“That’s why this madness must be stopped.”

“All the elders are currently focused on finding a way to counter the Immortal Plague, and they cannot leave their duties. So, I’m entrusting this task to you two.”

“Of course, the 'Xuanhuang' Realm is vast, and the two of you alone won’t be enough. Other sects will also send disciples to help save mortal lives.”

Senior Sister Zhao bowed and accepted the command but raised a concern: “Under normal circumstances, those cultivators might fear the reputation of the Ten Great Sects and stop the slaughter of mortals. But now, many of them are so far gone…”

Ji Changxi waved his hand to cut her off and said, “Those who have completely lost their minds, you needn’t waste time trying to reason with them. Just kill them. As for the others, tell them that the Ten Great Sects have devised a way to deal with the Immortal Plague. Have them wait patiently and stop committing senseless slaughter.”

Senior Sister Zhao’s expression turned strange. “Have we really found a way to counter the Immortal Plague?”

To her surprise, Ji Changxi nodded slightly. “The idea came from the Longevity Immortal Beast of the Beast Taming Sect. Since the source of the Immortal Plague is mortals, and we can’t kill them all, the solution is to exile them to the various 'Cave Heavens' and minor worlds attached to the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“Without mortals, the concentration of the Immortal Plague in our realm should significantly decrease. Afterward, completely eradicating it won’t be difficult. At the very least, it will allow us cultivators to live normal lives.”

“Although the feasibility of this mass migration is still under discussion, it seems like the best option for now.”

“The Great Migration Plan…”

“Relay this to the other cultivators. With a sliver of hope, they shouldn’t be as crazed.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 522


And so, Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao received their orders and descended from the mountain.

Due to the mass deaths of mortals, the concentration of 'Immortal Plague' in the environment skyrocketed.

To prepare for this, before their departure, Sect Master Ji provided them with a generous supply of resources, including the Creation Purple Gold Pill.

However, this wasn’t enough to entirely ease their heavy hearts.

After confirming that 'Immortal Plague' could infect multiple times, they realized that no matter how well-prepared or protected they were, constantly being in contact would inevitably lead to reinfection.

The painful memories of being infected just a month ago were still fresh in their minds.

As cultivators, it had been a long time since they experienced something worse than death.

If this torment were to repeat again and again…

That kind of suffering might be worse than simply ending it all.

Of course, this was merely a moment of frustration.Both Senior Sister Zhao and Li Fan were wholeheartedly dedicated to the Dao, seeking Immortality, and wouldn’t easily give up their lives.

But orders were absolute, and even though Senior Sister Zhao held the esteemed position of the future sect master of Grand Dao Sect, she could only obediently follow instructions.

"This situation seems a bit odd. I’ve made inquiries, and although the other nine sects have also sent their disciples out into the world, at most, they sent True Desciples . I haven’t heard of any sect, like our Grand Dao Sect, sending out someone of 'Dao Child' status!" Li Fan slightly shook his head, his eyes full of confusion.

"Senior Sister, you are the next in line to become the sect master, an incredibly noble position. Especially in these turbulent times, what you should be doing is staying in the sect, in secluded cultivation, striving to raise your strength. Not participating in some absurd mission. What if, just what if…"

Li Fan glanced at her before continuing, "I mean, if something were to happen to you, and you fall, how much would it cost the sect to cultivate another Dao Child?"

"All the resources they’ve invested in you up until now, would they all be wasted?"

"Sect Master Ji’s decision this time is truly hard to understand. And none of the elders even voiced any objections…"

Senior Sister Zhao glanced at Li Fan and said calmly, "Junior Brother, you’re overthinking it. Our Dao Sect is representing of all Immortal Sects. Sending a Dao Child to represent us shows how seriously we take this matter."

"Besides…"

Her voice suddenly became slightly somber, "Junior Brother, in the past, your assumption might have been correct. But now…"

"The times have changed."

Li Fan was suddenly startled.

Indeed. He was still stuck in the mindset of the prosperous era of 'Great Immortal Cultivation', unable to adapt to the current reality.

In today’s cultivation world, each person held their own irreplaceable position.

The quicker a Dao Child increased their cultivation, the more of a threat they became in the eyes of the sect elders.

In the past, one could cultivate together with the sect. If someone didn’t want to become the sect master, they could simply retire as a Grand Elder and pass on the position.

But now, not interested in being the sect master? Fine, but you can’t continue holding onto the 'Heaven-Slaying Dao Scripture', right? You’ll have to switch your cultivation method!

Who could accept that?

Therefore, suppressing the growth of 'Dao Children' had become the logical outcome.

Realizing this, Li Fan fell silent.

The two followed the trail of blood-red light in the sky, arriving at a desolate ruin.

They remembered that just a few years ago, this was a thriving mortal city, with a population of at least 500,000.

But now, there was not a trace of life left.

Scanning with their divine senses, they saw that the ruins were filled with the corpses of mortals.

Men, women, young, old—no one was spared. The horrific scene was something that even the most terrifying nightmare couldn’t conjure.

"What utter madness…"

Murderous intent flashed in Senior Sister Zhao’s eyes as she cautiously protected herself from the Immortal Plague still lingering below, casting a spell to trace the perpetrator’s tracks.

"Let’s go!"

Moments later, after finding their target, Senior Sister Zhao transformed into a beam of light and flew away swiftly.

Li Fan hurried to follow.

He lagged slightly behind, and when he caught up, he found Senior Sister Zhao standing there, somewhat lost and at a loss.

It turned out that the cultivator who had massacred the city had already succumbed to the Immortal Plague and died.

The culprit was already dead, leaving Senior Sister Zhao with no outlet for her burning rage.

"Were they wrong? If we didn’t have so many pills to save our lives, wouldn’t we do the same when facing death?" For a moment, Senior Sister Zhao couldn’t help but question, feeling lost.

Li Fan was about to respond when he noticed a strange phenomenon in the sky above them.

"Qu Xinfeng, a cultivator of fifty-six years, who established his Dao foundation with the 'Mountain Stone Sword'…”

“Now dead, his Dao returns to heaven!”

As the scene in the sky unfolded, a message instantly flashed in Li Fan’s mind.

“What is this?" Li Fan was stunned.

"Hmm?" Senior Sister Zhao also noticed the strange sight above and looked up.

Moments later, her expression darkened.

She unleashed a sword slash, trying to scatter the phenomenon.

However, it seemed that the vision was engraved upon the heavens, and her attack was futile.

"What is this supposed to be? A joke from the heavens?"

Li Fan remained silent.

No shared cultivation methods, Immortal Plague.

And now, these eerie "death declarations" had appeared. Who knew what else might happen in the future?

He sighed lightly.

"Let’s go, Senior Sister. There's no point staying here. The sooner we finish the mission, the sooner we can return to the sect." Li Fan advised.

After a long pause, Senior Sister Zhao didn’t respond.

She simply obliterated the body of Qu Xinfeng, who had committed the massacre but had now fallen victim to the 'Immortal Plague'.

Only then did she turn into a streak of light and fly off.

The next two years were spent traveling across the Xuanhuang Realm, preventing countless tragedies.

They killed numerous insane cultivators and saved many mortal lives.

Once news of the 'Great Migration Plan' spread, the remaining cultivators gradually calmed down, no longer slaughtering mortals so recklessly.

Of course, some sporadic incidents couldn’t be avoided.

There were places the two couldn’t reach, where their efforts fell short.

Having completed the sect master’s task, the two were preparing to return to the sect as planned.

However, an unexpected order caught them off guard.

Sect Master Ji Changxi declared that the 'Great Migration Plan' had officially begun.

They were not to return just yet.

They were to remain in the Xuanhuang Realm and assist in coordinating the various sects, helping to carry out this crucial plan for all cultivators.

Li Fan, seeing Senior Sister Zhao’s face darken to the point where it almost dripped with anger, didn’t dare to speak.

He had no idea how to comfort her, so he simply stood silently by her side.

After a long while, Senior Sister Zhao’s expression returned to normal.

She smiled gracefully. "Let’s go, Junior Brother."

"Orders are orders, after all."

For some reason, seeing Senior Sister Zhao’s smile filled Li Fan with an indescribable sense of fear.

“Heh, yes, Senior Sister.” He responded cautiously, hurrying to comply.

In the blink of an eye, a hundred years had passed.

With the collective efforts of all cultivators, the Great Migration Plan was successfully completed.

All the mortals had been relocated to various 'cave heavens' and 'small worlds', and the Xuanhuang Realm was left empty.

After being away from their sect for over a century, Senior Sister Zhao and Li Fan were finally able to return.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 523


“Senior Sister...” Li Fan looked at Senior Sister Zhao, whose expression was complex as she was about to be summoned alone by Sect Master Ji. He wanted to speak but stopped himself.

“Hm? What’s wrong, Junior Brother?” She glanced at Li Fan and said softly, “We’ve lived and died together for over a century. What is there that we cannot be honest about?”

“Nothing.” Li Fan smiled freely, “Go ahead, Senior Sister. Just remember, no matter what you do, I will support you.”

Senior Sister Zhao smiled and walked into the grand hall of the sect.

“Boom!”

The heavy doors slammed shut, and Li Fan watched her disappearing figure, a trace of emotion flickering in his eyes that was hard for others to notice.

Instead of waiting outside the hall as he was supposed to, Li Fan returned to the Penglai Peak where he and Senior Sister Zhao resided, gathering all valuable items from their cave dwelling.

Then, pretending to patrol, he made his way near the exit of the sect’s protective formation.

On the surface, he acted no differently from an ordinary disciple, but in truth, Li Fan had already prepared to flee at any moment.

It wasn’t that Li Fan wanted to betray the Grand Dao Sect, but rather because...During their century together at the foot of the mountain, Li Fan had accidentally discovered that Senior Sister Zhao was secretly collecting the blood of cultivators—and even mortals—who were infected with the "Immortal Plague".

Although she only took a single drop each time and was extremely discreet, how could her actions escape the eyes of someone who had spent so much time with her?

At first, after each sample was taken, Senior Sister Zhao would fall gravely ill.

Thanks to Li Fan’s attentive care and a supply of medicinal pills to protect her, she managed to recover each time.

When Li Fan asked her about it, she would jokingly say she wanted to attempt reversing the "Immortal Plague" and directly achieve eternal life.

Li Fan, of course, didn’t believe her.

However, knowing her nature, once Senior Sister Zhao made up her mind about something, even a partner of a hundred years like Li Fan couldn’t dissuade her.

So he simply stopped trying, telling her only, “Take care of your health.”

Later, it seemed that she had indeed listened to his advice and gradually stopped collecting blood samples.

The intervals between her illnesses grew longer, and the symptoms became milder each time.

But Li Fan knew it was all a façade.

Senior Sister Zhao had never truly abandoned her reckless behavior.

The reason she no longer showed signs of abnormality was that she had likely mastered a method to shield herself from the effects of the Immortal Plague...

Over the years, though they had always been together, Senior Sister Zhao’s cultivation had advanced to a level that even Li Fan couldn’t fathom.

The various auras that occasionally emanated from her made Li Fan secretly alarmed.

Even though he was sure she had no intention of harming him, Li Fan couldn’t shake the nagging sense of danger in his heart.

Although Senior Sister Zhao didn’t say it outright, Li Fan could guess her intentions. She had been collecting so much blood infused with the. "Immortal Plague" to likely deal with Sect Master Ji Changxi.

A century of deliberate suppression had pushed Senior Sister Zhao’s resentment toward the sect master to its limit.

As the saying goes, “Those who block my path to the Dao shall not live.”

Li Fan believed that his increasingly fanatical Senior Sister might very well carry out such a rebellious act.

Not long before, when she entered the sect’s grand hall, a flash of murderous intent in her eyes was no illusion.

“Ji Changxi may have been at the Dao Integration stage for over six centuries, with powers and abilities that are unfathomable. But after all, he hasn’t yet reached the Longevity stage.”

“Considering Senior Sister Zhao’s displayed talent and her real combat strength, combined with the help of the Immortal Plague, she might stand a chance.”

“But even if she wins by a narrow margin, what’s the point? Even if she kills Ji Changxi, there are still a dozen Dao Integration elders, not to mention the two hidden Heavenly Sovereign who rarely appear.”

“What, will she kill them all?”

Li Fan couldn’t understand why Senior Sister Zhao would make such a decision.

Whether she succeeded or failed, the entire Grand Dao Sect would know.

At that point, not only would she face the entire sect’s attack, but Li Fan, as her Dao companion, wouldn’t be spared either.

Thus, Li Fan, always planning ahead, had long prepared to escape.

As for why he hadn’t fled yet, he was simply hoping that a miracle might happen.

Time passed bit by bit.

Because Ji Changxi had previously ordered that he had important matters to discuss with his Dao child, no one was allowed to disturb him.

As a result, the grand hall remained sealed.

Li Fan gazed at the mountain peak from afar, growing increasingly anxious.

Seven days later.

The grand doors slowly opened, and Li Fan’s breath instantly hitched.

However, what happened next was completely unexpected.

Ji Changxi walked out first, followed by Senior Sister Zhao.

The two of them exited together.

“They didn’t fight to the death? Was I overthinking things?” Puzzled, Li Fan squinted slightly.

Not only had the expected deadly clash not occurred, but the relationship between the two seemed to have improved.

In fact, when Senior Sister Zhao left, Ji Changxi even patted her on the shoulder as if offering encouragement.

And Senior Sister Zhao accepted it without any unusual expression on her face.

Seeing this, Li Fan’s heart trembled, filled with confusion.

In the past, aside from him, Senior Sister Zhao had always been extremely averse to physical contact with others.

But now...

Feeling that something was amiss, countless thoughts flashed through Li Fan’s mind.

But he didn’t have time to ponder them all.

First, he remembered that there was something he hadn’t yet done.

He hurried back to Penglai Peak and, before Senior Sister Zhao returned, placed everything back where it belonged.

When she returned, Senior Sister Zhao didn’t notice anything unusual in the cave.

After all, the two hadn’t been back to this “home” in a century.

“Senior Sister, we’ve been busy with trivial matters for a hundred years and haven’t spent much time together. How about...” Li Fan tentatively suggested dual cultivation.

A trace of nostalgia flashed in Senior Sister Zhao’s eyes, and with a coy smile, she agreed.

After a passionate encounter, Li Fan’s suspicions gradually faded.

“What did the sect master summon you for this time?” Li Fan asked casually, holding her flawless, jade-like body in his arms.

“He said that soon, the position of Grand Dao Sect master will be passed on to me. He wants me to prepare in advance,” Senior Sister Zhao said flatly, without the slightest fluctuation in her tone.

It was as if the position she was about to inherit, as the leader of one of the top ten sects in the immortal world, was merely a child’s toy.

But those words, spoken so casually, struck Li Fan like a thunderclap. His mind went blank, and he temporarily lost the ability to think.

“And the Heaven-Slaying Dao Scripture?” Li Fan asked reflexively, his brain still in a daze.

“Hehe, the sect master’s exclusive technique? Of course, it will be handed over to me for cultivation,” Senior Sister Zhao laughed softly, tracing circles around Li Fan’s heart with her finger as if she had just reclaimed her favorite toy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 524


"Before I tell you, Junior Brother, this matter is known only to the Sect Master and me—no third person has ever heard of it."

"So you must help me keep this secret well."

Senior Sister Zhao said this with a faint, mysterious tone.

Suddenly, a wave of deadly crisis surged into Li Fan's heart.

In an instant, countless thoughts flashed through his mind. His body tensed for a moment but quickly returned to normal.

Gently stroking Senior Sister's smooth, pale back, he said as though it were natural: "Of course. I was stunned when I first heard this news. It felt a little unbelievable."

"Not to mention the elders. If they knew, they would certainly unite to stop it."

"Even with the Sect Master's support, compared to that group of old monsters, Senior Sister, our power is too weak. We still need to gather strength, stay low, and bide our time, striving to strike decisively when the moment is right," Li Fan thoughtfully advised.

Senior Sister Zhao remained silent, lying quietly in Li Fan's arms, unmoving as if she had fallen asleep.

"By the way, Senior Sister, why did Sect Master Ji suddenly want to pass the position of Sect Master to you?" After a long silence, Li Fan finally couldn't help but ask."Who knows? These old geezers are always so unpredictable. Maybe he's close to achieving Longevity realm and doesn't want to bother with the mess of our sect anymore?" Senior Sister Zhao shifted her position lazily as she spoke.

"After all, the world is getting more chaotic. In the eyes of those at the peak of cultivation, these so-called Ten Great Immortal Sects are more of a burden than a benefit..."

Her voice grew softer and softer until it was barely audible.

Seeing that she had no intention of continuing, Li Fan dared not press further.

Instead, they once again engaged in dual cultivation.

A fleeting moment of indulgence.

---

Li Fan knew that ever since that day when Senior Sister Zhao walked out of the sect's main hall, she had changed somehow.

It was just an inexplicable feeling, without any concrete evidence.

In the days that followed, as they spent every moment together, he didn’t notice any obvious abnormality in this senior sister, who had accompanied him for over a hundred years.

But...

Li Fan was still convinced that some subtle change was happening to her, bit by bit.

Yet, where did this persistent sense of impending danger come from?

Even if Senior Sister Zhao was hiding something from him, it didn’t seem like her feelings for him were fake.

If she became the Sect Master of the Grand Dao Sect, he would become her Dao companion.

This wasn't just some ordinary small sect—it was the illustrious and renowned Grand Dao Sect, famous across the entire cultivation world.

At that point, he would truly be second only to one, above ten thousand others.

Even in his wildest dreams of ambition, he had never dared to aspire to such a position.

Now, thanks to Senior Sister Zhao, wealth and glory were within his grasp!

So, what went wrong?

Li Fan instinctively felt that he had forgotten something important.

But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t remember it.

All he could do was carry on with his life as usual while secretly investigating.

Time flew by.

Another three years passed.

During this time, thanks to the combined efforts of many brilliant cultivators from the Ten Great Immortal Sects, they finally found a way to eradicate the lingering "Immortal Plague" that had permeated the world.

Thus, large-scale eradication operations began.

For the sake of future survival, every surviving sect had to send cultivators to various parts of the Xuanhuang Realm to carry out the eradication of the Immortal Plague.

Originally, Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao had always been given the hard labor, but since Senior Sister Zhao had been confirmed as the next Sect Master, Ji Changxi naturally no longer sent them out.

Instead, another group of five core disciples was sent.

Li Fan was able to enjoy some leisure, staying within the sect.

As time passed, even within the sect, Li Fan could sense that the environment in the Xuanhuang Realm seemed to be gradually improving.

"Great peace follows great calamity. Hopefully, the world's tribulations will end soon, and we can once again welcome the golden age of cultivation!"

Occasionally, Li Fan would hear fellow disciples wishing aloud in the sect.

As the Immortal Plague gradually dissipated, Senior Sister Zhao became increasingly busy.

She seemed on the verge of officially assuming the position of Sect Master of the Grand Dao Sect and was constantly attending various meetings.

Those in attendance were all highly respected elders of the Grand Dao Sect.

It was certainly not easy to convince them.

Li Fan often saw elders storming out of meetings with angry expressions.

But Senior Sister Zhao assured him that there was nothing to worry about.

More and more elders were being convinced to support her in taking the position of Sect Master.

"Very soon, I'll truly become the Sect Master of the Grand Dao Sect," Senior Sister Zhao smiled and said.

Regarding this matter, not only did Li Fan have no worries, but the fear that had always lingered in his heart grew stronger.

It wasn't just about Senior Sister Zhao anymore.

It felt like something strange was happening throughout the entire Grand Dao Sect—something eerie and unsettling, but impossible to describe.

Although he could sense the unusualness, Li Fan couldn’t figure out what it was.

Feeling powerless, Li Fan grew more restless and angry with each passing day.

Naturally, Senior Sister Zhao noticed these emotions in him.

Fortunately, Li Fan brushed it off as being caused by the increasingly frequent celestial phenomena—the falling stars in the sky.

Originally, people had thought that once the Immortal Plague was eradicated, cultivators could enjoy a brief period of peace.

But who could have predicted that not long after, the world would change again?

Previously, Li Fan and Senior Sister Zhao had witnessed the "Death Declarations" appearing randomly in the sky when a cultivator fell.

But now, this "randomness" was becoming something of a "certainty."

Even more terrifying, the range and power of these celestial phenomena were growing.

When a cultivator at the Dao Integration stage fell, the phenomenon would nearly cover the sky within tens of thousands of miles.

More frightening still, every cultivator who witnessed these "Death Declarations" felt an increasing sense of dread and unease in their hearts.

Those who had long given up on cultivation, content to live out their remaining years, began to feel a strange mixture of sorrow, frustration, and anger.

When a cultivator within the Grand Dao Sect fell due to reaching the end of their lifespan, a peculiar atmosphere began to spread within the sect.

It was in this context that Senior Sister Zhao officially assumed the position of Sect Master.

Seventeen elders unanimously agreed with the decision of the former Sect Master, Ji Changxi.

This shocked many disciples who had been expecting a show of dissent.

At the same time, Li Fan’s unease reached its peak.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 525


Li Fan walked within the Grand Dao Sect, his mind swirling with countless thoughts.

The sect was decorated everywhere with lanterns and banners, finally lightening the gloomy atmosphere caused by the recent calamities.

Whenever disciples encountered Li Fan, they would stop in their tracks and bow in respect.

Li Fan nodded in return each time.

As the Dao companion of the Sect Master, Li Fan had gained access to an abundance of cultivation resources—something that most cultivators could only dream of. Even if the respect shown to him wasn’t always sincere, it was a necessary pretense.

However, at this moment, Li Fan had already made up his mind. He needed to find an opportunity to escape from the Grand Dao Sect as soon as possible.

"Senior Sister Zhao has just been promoted to Sect Master and is busy handling various matters within the sect. Representatives from other sects are also visiting to offer congratulations, and she has to make time to meet them," he thought.

"Right now, she's at her busiest, so she’s less likely to notice me."

"If I miss this opportunity, when she has more free time…”

As this thought crossed his mind, Li Fan resolutely made his decision.Two days later, he seized a moment when no one was paying attention and quietly made his way to the sect's exit, alone.

Looking back at the Grand Dao Sect, Li Fan’s mind flashed with memories of Senior Sister Zhao, with whom he had spent more than a hundred years side by side. He hesitated for a moment.

But in the end, he gritted his teeth and flew away.

He raced eastward at full speed until he finally left the boundaries of the Grand Dao Sect.

The ominous feeling of danger that had been weighing on Li Fan's heart finally began to fade.

"My intuition was right!" he thought to himself.

Just as he was feeling secretly relieved at having escaped, two beams of light suddenly appeared behind him, catching up in an instant.

In the blink of an eye, the lights landed in front of Li Fan, blocking his path.

"Where do you think you're going, junior nephew?" an elderly man with long eyebrows smiled as he looked at Li Fan.

"Uncle Dong, Uncle Jiang..." Li Fan's face darkened.

These two were elders of the Grand Dao Sect, part of the sect's seventeen core cultivators who had reached the Dao Integration stage.

It seemed that his plan to escape had already been discovered.

Despite this, Li Fan wasn’t ready to give up.

"Haha, well, let me explain to you two elders. Although I am honored that Senior Sister has been promoted to Sect Master, I've been feeling a bit troubled."

"Senior Sister Zhao's status is now exalted, and her power is growing every day. As her Dao companion, I'm still only at the Soul Transformation stage, and people are bound to gossip. The pressure has been unbearable."

Feigning a look of deep distress, Li Fan slowly approached the two elders. "The sect is rebuilding, and everyone has their roles. But I find myself idle every day, which is truly..."

Without warning, a chaotic gray light shot out from Li Fan’s eyes, striking Uncle Dong and Uncle Jiang directly in the face.

It was an attack from the sinister technique Li Fan had mastered, the Soul-Cutting Divine Light, part of the 'Soul-Severing Divine Radiance Art'.

This technique directly targeted the divine soul of a cultivator, and even though his opponents were at the Dao Integration stage, Li Fan was confident that, caught off guard, they would suffer greatly.

Without waiting to see their reactions, he immediately activated the 'Godlight Escape Technique', attempting to flee at top speed.

But to his horror, Li Fan quickly realized that the space around him had been completely sealed at some unknown point.

Even though his escape technique was swift, it had no place to work.

Uncle Dong and Uncle Jiang had anticipated Li Fan’s sneak attack. Each held a treasure mirror in their hands, which reflected the Soul-Cutting Divine Light and nullified its effect.

As they looked at Li Fan, their eyes filled with ridicule.

"How the Sect Master treats you, junior nephew, is clear to the entire sect. And yet, you still chose to betray her..."

"If the Sect Master were to hear of this, I wonder how heartbroken she would be."

Before Li Fan could attempt anything else, the two elders combined their strength to subdue him, leaving him unable to move.

"My life is over!" Li Fan thought, despair flooding his mind.

When they brought him back to the sect, he didn’t see Senior Sister Zhao.

Instead, his cultivation was sealed, and he was thrown into a secluded chamber—essentially a prison.

Although called a "secluded chamber," it was no different from a cell.

At first, Li Fan thought he would soon meet with Senior Sister Zhao, and he rehearsed countless words in his mind, hoping his eloquence could save his life.

But what he hadn't anticipated was that Senior Sister Zhao—and indeed the entire Grand Dao Sect—seemed to have completely forgotten about him.

No one came to visit him.

In the isolation of the chamber, there was nothing—nothing but Li Fan himself.

He couldn't cultivate. Every time he tried to focus his mind or contemplate divine abilities, mocking and derisive voices would echo from the walls, breaking his concentration.

This, it seemed, was to prevent him from breaking free from his sealed cultivation.

At first, Li Fan maintained his composure. But as time passed, even his resolve began to waver.

Eventually, boredom gave way to agitation and anger.

In the end, he went mad.

He threw himself at the hard walls of the chamber, over and over again, his body becoming a bloody mess. But it was futile.

Finally, Li Fan’s eyes grew dull and lifeless.

He sat motionless on the floor, as though he were a soulless statue.

It was impossible to tell how much time had passed, but one day, the long-sealed door of the chamber suddenly swung open.

For a long time, no one entered.

Li Fan, however, acted as if he hadn’t seen it. He remained unresponsive, ignoring the open door.

It wasn’t until more than ten days had passed that a flicker of life returned to his eyes.

With great effort, he pushed himself up, his body trembling as he took shaky steps toward the exit.

Because he hadn’t walked in so long, his body was weak, and he immediately fell to the ground.

He struggled to stand up and took another step, only to fall again.

In this manner—crawling and stumbling—he finally made his way back outside.

The Grand Dao Sect before him looked exactly as he remembered.

Disciples wandered between the mountain peaks, cultivating.

It was even more lively than before.

But...

It was eerily quiet.

Not a single voice could be heard within the entire sect.

It was as if all the cultivators living within had become mute.

Or perhaps...

They all shared the same thoughts and no longer needed the "lowly" method of communication known as speech.

Not even eye contact or divine sense was required. They understood each other perfectly without such means.

Li Fan stumbled through the sect.

After being imprisoned for who knows how long, his appearance had become utterly disheveled.

Yet no one seemed to notice him.

They simply carried on with their own tasks as if he didn’t exist.

The feeling of being rejected by everyone around him gnawed at Li Fan’s mind.

Eventually, after wandering through the entire sect and still not finding the person he sought, Li Fan couldn’t hold back any longer.

"Senior Sister!"

"Where are you, Senior Sister?!"

It took him a long time to remember how to speak.

Then, with a hoarse voice, he roared in anger.

His voice grew louder and louder, echoing throughout the entire sect.

And then, every single cultivator in the sect turned to look at him.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 526


Even though he had already become somewhat deranged, at this moment, when suddenly being stared at by these cultivators who had previously ignored him, Li Fan's body stiffened instantly.

He stopped his meaningless low howling, moved slightly, trying to escape the spotlight that was on him. But he soon realized that all the cultivators' gazes followed him wherever he went.

This eerie scene made Li Fan's dead heart feel a chill, which turned into rage.

Overcome by desperation, Li Fan picked up a stone and ruthlessly hurled it at a nearby disciple of the Grand Dao Sect. Even though the opponent was only at the Golden Core stage, Li Fan’s cultivation was completely sealed at the moment, making him no different from a mortal. Logically, he should not have been a match for the disciple.

However, the disciple didn’t dodge or avoid the sudden attack, allowing the stone to smash his skull. With a thud, the disciple collapsed, and blood slowly trickled from his deformed head.

But the death of a life brought no change. The entire Grand Dao Sect continued to operate as before.

"Senior Sister, come out and see me!" Li Fan shouted angrily. The only response was the countless gazes still fixed on him.

Li Fan went berserk, picking up the stone again and attacking another Grand Dao Sect disciple. He killed over a hundred people in a row before finally collapsing to the ground, exhausted and breathless.

At this moment, lying on the ground, Li Fan was horrified to discover that the cultivators he had smashed into pieces were somehow alive again. Their faces were calm, as if his earlier rampage had been nothing but an illusion.

Li Fan looked at his hands, then at the stone now soaked in darkened blood, feeling utterly confused."Monsters… they're all monsters..." he muttered softly.

"Haha, how could they be monsters?" A familiar, melodious voice rang out suddenly. Li Fan jerked his head up in the direction of the sound.

But what he saw made his scalp tingle, and he even felt a wave of nausea.

The voice that was identical to Senior Sister Zhao's came from a middle-aged, overweight cultivator. Startled, Li Fan scrambled back in fear, putting distance between them.

"Junior Brother, don't you think I look beautiful like this?" the voice called again from behind him.

Li Fan turned, and this time, it was a beautiful young female cultivator, gazing at him with affection. She softly said, "You've been looking at my old face for hundreds of years, surely you're tired of it. Isn’t a change refreshing?" Another alluring woman approached, her curvaceous body pressed tightly against Li Fan as she whispered in his ear, "The taste of the Sect Master’s wife... haven’t you longed for it? Didn’t you once ask me to transform into her? But this time, it’s the real deal. Doesn’t this excite you, Junior Brother?"

Li Fan trembled as she explored his body. After a moment, he suddenly shoved her away and fled in panic. Yet, many more stunning female cultivators quickly surrounded him, their eyes brimming with affection, eager to ascend to bliss with him. All their voices were filled with the seductive charm that Senior Sister Zhao used to have.

"Hehe, I see, Junior Brother. You want something more exciting."

"No worries, I can have all the female cultivators of the Grand Dao Sect join you."

"Among them, there are many sisters, sisters-in-law, even mothers and daughters, or masters and disciples..."

As Li Fan was about to be drowned in a sea of female bodies, he suddenly gave up struggling. He collapsed helplessly on the ground, pounding the earth with his fists, sobbing loudly.

"I don’t want any Sect Master's wife, I don’t want any sisters."

"I just want my Senior Sister."

"Give me back my Senior Sister..."

Like a child who had lost everything, Li Fan was devastated.

As his cries echoed, the surroundings gradually grew silent. One by one, the female cultivators disappeared. Eventually, only a single figure in white remained, standing solitary and graceful.

She approached Li Fan and gently squatted beside him, cradling his trembling, sobbing body in her arms.

"Junior Brother, you will always be a child who never grows up."

Li Fan's body stiffened. He lifted his head sharply and saw the face before him.

"Senior… Sister."

"Shhh…"

Li Fan hugged Senior Sister Zhao tightly, desperately seeking solace in her. She didn’t mind the dirt and odor clinging to him after being trapped for so long.

They became one in body and soul.

"The Heaven and Earth Converging Manual."

"Back then, when we found the four cultivation techniques in the Xuantian Sect ruins, apart from the Heaven and Earth Converging Manual, I practiced the Soul-Severing Divine Radiance Art, and you practiced the Heaven's Sorrow Earth’s Grief Sutra, which made up only three techniques."

"What was the fourth technique? I just can’t seem to recall it. And over the years, I’ve unconsciously ignored its existence."

"Senior Sister, you transformed into this because of that technique, didn’t you?"

After their passionate moment, the desire in Li Fan's eyes suddenly vanished, replaced by cold indifference.

Senior Sister Zhao wasn’t surprised. She lazily stretched, and said, "So you’ve finally figured it out, Junior Brother?"

"What a pity."

After a pause, she spoke the name of the technique: "Eternal Sole-Dominance Art."

"Eternal Sole-Dominance..." Li Fan tasted the words as he looked at the mountain range, now teeming with Grand Dao Sect disciples once more. His gaze grew complicated.

"Senior Sister, was it worth it?"

Senior Sister Zhao scoffed, "Worth it? What’s wrong with how I am now?"

"I am one, and I am all. A thousand bodies, yet one mind!"

"I have never felt better in my entire life!"

She stood up suddenly, and Grand Dao Sect's Sect Master’s robes automatically appeared on her. With a commanding tone, she declared, "I alone am the Dao Sect!"

As if in response to her, every disciple in the Grand Dao Sect, in unison, proclaimed:

"I am the Dao Sect!"

Li Fan felt his heart tremble, but his face remained unchanged.

"When did it all begin? Was it Ji Changxi?" he asked.

"It was him." Senior Sister Zhao nodded softly.

"Do you remember when we reported the Immortal Plague, we submitted blood samples?"

"At that time, he already sensed the trace of the Xuantian Sect techniques we were practicing."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 527


As Senior Sister Zhao spoke, the figure of Ji Changxi, the former head of the Grand Dao Sect, suddenly appeared before Li Fan, recounting his story to him.

“We were still too young back then, thinking that we had hidden ourselves well enough. But we never imagined that true experts could see through our cultivation techniques with just a drop of blood.”

“The Xuantian Sect's techniques are divided into four levels: (Xuan) Mysterious, (Tian) Heaven, (Di) Earth, and (Huang) Yellow, from the highest to the lowest. The four techniques we obtained from that ruin were all of the highest 'Mysterious' level.”

“Not only were they mysterious and divine, but they were also on par with the true teachings of the Grand Dao Sect. Furthermore, there was something even more enticing about them, something that even moved the heart of Ji Changxi, the head of the Grand Dao Sect.”

“It was said that the Xuantian Sect's techniques all originated from the sect’s ultimate treasure, the Xuantian Mirror. Those who cultivated to a high level could even establish a connection with this treasure.”

“Though at the time, Ji Changxi wanted nothing more than to capture us on the spot and thoroughly interrogate us. However, he knew that the Xuantian Sect’s techniques carried their own secrecy measures. Even if others tried to forcibly pry into them, all they would obtain would be distorted and incorrect versions of the techniques.”

“To learn the real techniques, they had to be willingly written down by the cultivator. Besides, at that time, his cultivation level was only at the late Dao Integration stage, not much stronger than mine. Forcing the issue wouldn’t guarantee success.”

“So, he decided to play the long game, setting a trap.”

Suddenly, Ji Changxi sneered, “On one hand, he deliberately sent us out to perform various tasks, suppressing our cultivation growth. Meanwhile, he used his position as sect head to access resources and elevate his own cultivation.”

“On the other hand, he combed through countless ancient texts, trying to find a way to break the encryption of the Xuantian Sect’s techniques.”“In fact, he almost succeeded. From the hidden archives of the Grand Dao Sect, Ji Changxi found a relic from when the Xuantian Sect was destroyed.”

“There was a secret technique called ‘Seize the Heaven and Replace It’. It was a method used by the Xuantian Sect to deal with their own members. It could completely strip someone of their cultivation and techniques, transferring the realms and power gained from cultivating Xuantian Sect techniques to oneself, like grafting flowers onto a tree.”

“And so, the day we returned to the sect, he eagerly summoned me for a meeting...”

Ji Changxi’s face shifted, his form twisting in light and shadow until he reverted to the stunning appearance of Senior Sister Zhao.

“Unfortunately for him, he miscalculated. He never expected that I wasn’t just cultivating a single Xuantian Sect technique.”

“He also didn’t realize that I had long grown tired of him and wanted to replace him.”

Senior Sister Zhao reached out and stroked Li Fan’s cheek, her expression dreamy. “Junior Brother, do you know the kind of pain it is to be drenched in tens of thousands of drops of blood infected with the ‘Immortal Plague’?”

“Even our mighty Sect Head Ji couldn’t withstand it.”

“The only regret is that the damage caused by the ‘Immortal Plague’ was so severe that I had to give up part of him.”

Senior Sister Zhao lightly licked her lips, as if savoring a pleasant memory.

“The technique ‘Eternal Sole-Dominance’—when fully cultivated, nothing in this world remains except me. Because of how evil this technique is, you didn’t choose it back then, Junior Brother.”

“Now, do you regret it a little, Junior Brother?” she asked softly.

A hint of regret did indeed flicker through Li Fan’s heart.

However, he remained stubborn and replied, “Hmph, what’s the use of regret? The past is the past, and there’s no going back…”

Suddenly, Li Fan paused.

In that very moment, a strange feeling surged within him.

It was as if, if he wished, he could truly reverse everything.

But…

Upon deeper contemplation, he couldn’t quite grasp where this feeling was coming from, leaving him with a faint sense of loss and confusion.

Senior Sister Zhao didn’t notice the change in Li Fan’s heart.

She continued speaking, seemingly to herself: “What goes around comes around. So, Junior Brother, everything was destined.”

“I vaguely sensed Ji Changxi’s malice. To protect you and myself, I secretly cultivated the ‘Eternal Sole-Dominance’ technique, hoping to find a slim chance of survival within his schemes.”

“This technique is truly overbearing, fully embodying the essence of ‘Sole.’ After I began cultivating it, it even erased your memories of the technique from your mind, Junior Brother.”

“And when I succeeded in turning Sect Head Ji into a part of me, I finally understood.”

“This is our destiny, the fate that belongs to me.”

“This world is filled with too many irrelevant people.”

“So, I alone am enough.”

“The so-called many, but all heart.”

As she spoke, the faces of everyone in the Grand Dao Sect all shifted, becoming identical to Senior Sister Zhao’s.

“Junior Brother, do you still love me?”

“Let’s merge into one and never be separated again.”

They all looked at Li Fan with deep affection, speaking in unison.

Li Fan did not answer but instead stood solemnly.

A black light tinged with iridescence appeared above his head, eventually taking the shape of a flying blade.

At the same time, Li Fan’s aura exploded outward.

From an ordinary mortal, he ascended rapidly.

Qi Condensation, Foundation Establishment, Golden Core…

He didn’t stop until he reached the pinnacle of Soul Transformation.

It turned out that Li Fan had long since broken the seals and restrictions on his body.

He had accomplished this through the recent dual cultivation with Senior Sister Zhao.

“I thought, Junior Brother, that you missed me so much that you couldn’t wait to cultivate with me,” Senior Sister Zhao teased. “But it turns out you had other intentions.”

Though her words were playful, Senior Sister Zhao seemed to have already anticipated Li Fan’s small scheme, showing no surprise in her tone.

“What’s this? Do you think that now that your cultivation has been restored, you can challenge me?”

She looked at Li Fan with amused interest. “Who gave you the courage?”

“That ‘Soul-Extinguishing Blade’ from the ‘Soul-Severing Divine Radiance Art’?”

Faced with her mockery, Li Fan didn’t respond directly.

He remained serious, as the black and iridescent ‘Soul-Extinguishing Blade’ flickered, ready to strike.

This blade was the ultimate killing move of the ‘Soul-Severing Divine Radiance Art’. Despite its unremarkable name, it was a desperate attack that sacrificed one's soul.

“A unity of all minds—when fully realized, it can defy the laws of heaven, can’t it?”

“Senior Sister, you’re truly a peerless genius. But…”

“Your path is not my path.”

“I once said I wished to become eternal Dao companions with you, to live forever in freedom and happiness.”

“I meant it with all my heart, and that hasn’t changed.”

Li Fan’s eyes were filled with memories as he sighed.

Just as Senior Sister Zhao was caught in a moment of slight surprise—

An incredibly intense light suddenly surged from within Li Fan, illuminating the entire sky above the Grand Dao Sect.

Even the thousands of bodies of Senior Sister Zhao couldn’t help but close their eyes at that moment.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 528


“But Senior Sister’s path to Immortality, wanting to use me as the price…”

“I refuse!”

“I will not allow Senior Sister to be so lonely from now on!”

Li Fan’s loud laughter echoed through heaven and earth.

“Over the years, Senior Sister has comprehended ‘The All as One’ Although I am slow-witted, I have not been idle either.”

“I have one move. Senior Sister, please teach me!”

Amidst the blinding light, Li Fan's voice, as firm as iron, resounded.

“Heaven!”

“Earth!”

“Shared!”“Life!”

Li Fan’s body was completely annihilated in a radiant flash of light.

At that moment, Senior Sister Zhao’s expression finally changed for the first time. No longer indifferent and fully in control, she now had a mix of frustration and amusement: "No wonder you've made such slow progress over the years, Junior Brother. You've been putting all your thoughts into finding ways to restrict me?"

"You and I have cultivated the ‘Heaven and Earth Converging Manual.’ We are practically inseparable now. This move of ‘Shared Lifespan of Heaven and Earth’ indeed poses a threat to me…"

"If only your cultivation level were higher, Junior Brother."

Countless versions of Senior Sister Zhao watched as endless streams of white light emanated from Li Fan's body, and together they extended their arms to absorb it.

“Junior Brother, don’t resist anymore. Become one with me!”

Cracks began to appear on the faces of her countless bodies, but they quickly healed. Meanwhile, the white light dimmed and gradually vanished between heaven and earth.

When all traces of Li Fan’s presence disappeared from the Grand Dao Sect, it felt as though everything had come to a halt.

“Heh, Junior Brother Li Fan.”

“I really have to thank you. That was quite the entertaining game.”

“It’s been years since I’ve had such an interesting experience.”

Senior Sister Zhao looked into the sky, her expression dreamy, mumbling to herself.

——

“Immortal Guidance Light! That’s the Immortal Guidance Light!”

“Who is it? Has another cultivator from our Canhong State caught the eye of the Heavenly Sovereign so soon?”

“Hahaha, in just one month, three disciples from the Immortal Sect have ascended! Canhong State’s reputation is truly about to soar!”

Noisy voices seemed to come from afar, and suddenly Li Fan woke up.

Looking around, somewhat confused, he realized his surroundings were both familiar and unfamiliar.

After a brief moment, memories that had been sealed for ages, as if from a different lifetime, surged back like a tidal wave.

The Five Elders Association, the One Heart Immortal Sect, Canhong State.

The Immortal Guidance Light.

So, he was still in the moment of being summoned by the Immortal Guidance Light.

But what were those hundreds of years of experiences that felt so real just now?

An illusion?

Li Fan couldn’t help but look up.

Through a rift in the sky, he could faintly see a vast mountain range with a sect nestled within.

It was none other than the Grand Dao Sect, one of the ancient Ten Great Immortal Sects.

At this moment, it seemed that the disciples of the Grand Dao Sect were also looking in his direction, perhaps to welcome him as a new member.

Unlike in the illusion, this Grand Dao Sect was full of life. The expressions on each disciple’s face were no longer stiff and lifeless; they were varied, as real as any human.

They conversed with each other, discussing enthusiastically.

It wasn’t the dead silence that Li Fan had encountered in the illusion.

While ascending in the Immortal Guidance Light, Li Fan’s body gradually became rigid and numb.

He also felt his consciousness slowly fading.

“So, this is a wooden puppet…”

Li Fan thought as he slowly dissipated into the wind.

All that remained was a decaying wooden puppet body, drifting toward the Grand Dao Sect.

The disciples of the Grand Dao Sect reacted in various ways upon seeing this scene.

Some were furious.

Some were thoughtful.

Some clapped their hands in joy.

Some smiled faintly.

…

It was impossible to discern where exactly the so-called "All as One" lay.

Who made the final decision, no one knew.

A white light shot out from the rift, completely annihilating the puppet body.

Then, the Immortal Guidance Light was retracted, the rift slowly closed, and the image of the One Heart Immortal Sect faded from the world.

All that remained were the puzzled cultivators of the Five Elders Association, silently sighing.

Meanwhile, in the Congyun Sea.

Li Fan’s true body, overseeing the reconstruction Immortal Congyun City where the Island of Ten Thousand Immortals once stood, was stunned.

“What is it, Lord Island Master? Is something wrong?”

“I’ll have them correct it right away!” Gao Yuan quickly said.

After a moment, Li Fan waved his hand.

“It’s nothing. You’ve done well. Keep up the good work!”

He continued his inspection with a calm expression, and after half a day, returned to his temporary quarters.

After sealing the area around him, Li Fan’s expression turned solemn.

“Heh, Junior Brother, I’m very much looking forward to our official meeting.”

Senior Sister Zhao’s soft laughter seemed to still linger in his ears.

Was it the last message from that wisp of divine consciousness, or had Li Fan’s true body actually heard it?

He couldn’t tell for the moment.

“Senior Sister Zhao… quite the illusion.”

Li Fan reflected on the countless experiences he had in the Grand Dao Sect over the past century.

Though some details were fuzzy, most of the events felt as real as if he had lived through them, indistinguishable from reality.

It even made Li Fan believe that he had indeed been Senior Sister Zhao’s junior brother and a member of the ancient Grand Dao Sect, only to reincarnate and regain his memories after decades.

He even entertained the idea of seeking out Senior Sister Zhao for a reunion.

If he only had memories of one lifetime and didn't have the [Truth] he might have actually done so.

Li Fan shivered at the thought.

Even with just a wisp of divine consciousness, being immersed in Senior Sister Zhao’s illusion had such a profound effect on his true body…

No wonder the cultivators of the Five Elders Association were so utterly loyal to her.

He activated his 'Xuanhuang Heart Refining Mantra', using the occasional thoughts of "submitting to Senior Sister Zhao" as fuel to strengthen and nourish his Dao Heart.

After three days and nights, Li Fan finally seemed to have eradicated the influence of his trip to the One Heart Immortal Sect.

At least, on the surface.

Having freed himself completely, Li Fan began to analyze and organize his gains from the experience.

Without a doubt, his time in the Grand Dao Sect had been a fabrication by Senior Sister Zhao.

In fact, from beginning to end, Li Fan didn’t even know her real name.

Yet within the illusion, he hadn’t felt the slightest inconsistency.

But amid the falsehoods were truths.

At the very least, figures like Ji Changxi and Mo Zhiren, disciples of the Grand Dao Sect in the illusion, had truly existed once.

The cultivation techniques, 'Heaven and Earth Converging Manual' and 'Soul-Severing Divine Radiance Art', might not be fakes either.

It was a pity that, just like after returning from the Fallen Immortal Realm, the specific details couldn’t be remembered clearly.

Then, there were the world-altering events he had experienced as “Junior Brother.”

“So, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma was really the handiwork of a Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign, not a natural evolution of heaven and earth.”

Li Fan thought of Yin Shangren of Yin Island.

“Could it be that this person discovered the hidden Heavenly Sovereign and was silenced as a result?”

Recalling Yin Shangren’s inexplicable suicide in past lifetimes, Li Fan couldn’t help but speculate.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 529


Once one’s strength reaches the Longevity stage, even if it’s just a fake Longevity expert trapped in a corner of the Xuanhuang Realm, their power and abilities are beyond the comprehension of ordinary cultivators.

Just like Senior Sister Zhao, who during the guiding process, created a vivid illusion that felt like a "romantic simulation."

But for her, what was the true significance of it all?

Li Fan believed that with her strength, even without the confusion of the illusion, she could easily devour and merge with other cultivators.

Yet she chose not to do so.

Instead, she insisted on playing this game with Li Fan, a game spanning several hundred years.

Could it be that she was truly bored to the extreme?

While this possibility couldn't be ruled out, Li Fan was more inclined to believe that there was some hidden secret behind it.

The “ants” trying to spy on the Longevity Immortal Sovereigns thought they were doing so discreetly, assuming they hadn’t been discovered.

In reality, everything might have already been under their watchful eyes. From the moment the gaze fell upon them, they had already been noticed.It was like Senior Sister Zhao's final reminder, or perhaps more accurately, her warning.

Li Fan, trying to uncover the secret of the immortal-mortal miasma, might be in the same position as Master Yin.

A thought stirred in his mind, and Li Fan activated his formless killing intent, focusing his gaze on Yin Yin Island.

After observing for a while, Master Yin seemed to be as engrossed as ever, conducting experiments on mortals.

"So many years have passed, yet the lethal power of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma doesn't seem to have weakened at all. Only its transmission ability has lessened compared to the original version..." Watching the mortals in the experiment groaning in pain, Li Fan recalled the scenes he had seen in Senior Sister Zhao’s illusion, comparing the two in his mind.

Master Yin remained deeply focused, unaffected by the horrific cries of the mortals. It was as if the lives before him were nothing more than disposable resources.

After watching for a while, Li Fan grew bored.

"It seems it will take him more time to truly figure anything out." Thinking this, Li Fan withdrew his gaze.

His thoughts returned to the construction of Congyun Immortal City.

Now, most of the six-month deadline had already passed.

The basic structure of the immortal city had been mostly completed. What remained were critical installations like the "Statue of the Immortal Ancestor" and the "Long-Distance Teleportation Formation."

In this regard, with help from the cultivators dispatched by the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, there was no need to worry too much.

However, with the extended construction period, material shortages had inevitably started to appear.

After all, the resources Li Fan had received initially were only sufficient to build one floating city, assuming there were no mistakes.

Thanks to the coordination of He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan, the shortfall hadn't been immediately exposed.

Meanwhile, Zhou Kebao, who had been secretly causing trouble, was surprisingly patient.

For all this time, he hadn’t contacted Li Fan or tried to feel him out.

"It seems I can’t rely on him making the first move. I have to come up with a solution myself."

"Common materials can be purchased through Jiao Xiuyuan's channels using contribution points."

"But as for strategic resources, those aren't easy to acquire through ordinary means. However..."

Li Fan smiled slightly, taking control of the current "Commander of the Congyun Immortal City Rebuilding Project," Zhou Qingang.

In the rebuilding project, all the cultivators had their own responsibilities. Being the commander wasn't actually too busy of a role.

When there was no one around, "Zhou Qingang" quietly left Congyun City.

To avoid being followed, he even hid in the deep sea for three days and three nights.

Only after confirming that he was safe did he contact the Five Elders Association.

A flicker of light appeared on the broken stone, and after a moment, a blurry figure emerged.

"Hmm? Why did you suddenly contact us? Did something happen?" Perhaps due to his past achievements, the figure's tone was much warmer than before.

Even though "Zhou Qingang" had broken protocol by reaching out first, the figure wasn’t angry but instead asked with genuine concern.

"Haha, don’t worry, boss. It's not trouble at all—in fact, it’s a golden opportunity!" Zhou Qingang said excitedly.

"Oh?" The figure sounded intrigued.

"Boss, you probably know that thanks to He Zhenghao, I became the commander of the Congyun City rebuilding project." Zhou Qingang lowered his voice.

"But recently, we’ve run into some difficulties..."

He then briefly explained how someone within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was plotting against Li Fan by withholding resources and putting pressure on him.

The figure on the broken stone frowned as he listened.

"This is intolerable. How could someone like Master Li be subjected to such humiliation?"

"He’s mentioned privately that he’d rather defect to the Five Elders Association than submit to those people."

Before Zhou Qingang could finish, the figure was overjoyed. "Oh? So, does that mean Li Fan intends to defect?"

However, he quickly became skeptical. "But what if it’s all part of a scheme by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to lure us into a trap?"

Zhou Qingang felt a bit awkward. "Ahem, boss, it was clearly just an angry remark..."

"Er..." The figure fell silent.

Zhou Qingang quickly continued, "Although the chances of defection are slim, we still have a great opportunity on our hands."

"Li Fan made a military pledge to the Chief Administrator. If he fails to complete construction on time, he could lose his head. Lately, he’s been nearly driven mad trying to acquire the missing resources."

"So, you mean...?" The figure immediately understood.

"A trade?"

Zhou Qingang nodded repeatedly and placed his palms on the stone, transmitting a list of materials.

"Exactly! Boss, take a look—can we acquire these resources?"

There was a brief pause.

After a moment, the figure spoke slowly, "No problem."

"Good! With these materials, not only can we secure information about the protective formation, but we could even obtain the entire blueprint of the immortal city!" Zhou Qingang said confidently.

The figure remained silent, but it was clear he was tempted.

"The importance of the formation diagram has already been downgraded by two levels. It’s not a very lucrative trade now..." After some thought, the figure instructed, "If possible, try to find out from Li Fan what really happened on the day of the 'Anomaly of Ten Thousand Immortals Island'."

"And if you can get him to record the scene with a memory stone, even better."

Zhou Qingang's expression shifted, and he asked curiously, "Boss, was it us who took the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Island?"

"That was terrifying! I regret not being there. If I had been, I could’ve returned home by now!"

"By the way, what was the big commotion all about? What were we trying to find?"

The figure snorted coldly, "You’re asking about things you shouldn’t know. Just do your job."

Chapter 530





Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 530


Zhou Qingang shrank his neck, indicating that he knew his mistake.

Seeing this, the face in the air softened a little: “This matter is of great importance. Even I cannot fully grasp all the details.”

“However, one thing is certain: we have reaped significant rewards this time.”

His tone carried a trace of excitement: “Even those above us have shown us more favor lately.”

“The funding has been remarkably generous, more than doubled.”

“And what about my share?” Zhou Qingang hurriedly asked.

“Hmph, why are you so anxious? When have I ever shortchanged you?” the face scolded.

“When we finalize the deal, the materials you need from Li Fan will be handed over to you along with your share.”

“Thank you, boss!” Zhou Qing’ang said gleefully. “Although I'm doing quite well these days, frequently receiving gifts from cultivators, no one ever complains about having too much money...”

“Enough, don’t get carried away. I didn’t expect you to become the commander this time. It seems like choosing He Zhenghao back then was indeed the right move.”The face pondered for a moment, then added, “He Zhenghao and Li Fan both have strong backgrounds. You must maintain good relations with them.”

“When Congyun Immortal Island is rebuilt, even if Li Fan doesn’t become the true lord of the island, his status will undoubtedly be high. By staying close to him, you’ll advance much faster than if you struggled on your own. Your future prospects are limitless. By then, you will have thoroughly infiltrated the enemy ranks.”

“This time, we stepped in and helped them overcome their difficulties. Next time, they won’t be able to refuse when we need them.”

The face let out a low, sinister laugh.

“You’re brilliant, boss!” Zhou Qingang praised.

The two discussed the details of the transaction for a while longer, after which the face ended the communication.

Zhou Qing’ang, acting nonchalantly, made his way back to the bustling construction site of Congyun Immortal City, walking around as if showing off his authority.

“The image from the day of the anomaly on Ten Thousand Immortals Island…” Li Fan thought for a moment and took out a memory stone.

In his mind, the Dao Stone emitted a flowing light, capturing every detail of what had transpired that day.

In an instant, it was complete.

Out of habit, Li Fan double-checked it.

Upon reviewing it, however, he noticed something unusual.

The recording couldn’t capture the “green light” that destroyed the Martial Hall.

When he reviewed the recording, all that could be seen was the entire structure and over a dozen cultivators inexplicably vanishing into thin air, while the surviving cultivators were in utter panic, scrambling to escape.

Later, when Chief Lu arrived to prevent the situation from spiraling out of control, the scene appeared somewhat comical.

“Unrecordable, huh…” Li Fan tapped his fingers and fell into deep thought.

After spending several centuries in the illusionary realm of the Grand Dao Sect, Li Fan had learned many secrets that ordinary cultivators could not.

Some of these had faded from memory upon his return to reality, but others still lingered in his mind.

“Just like "It" hovering over Yuandao Prefecture, there are indeed terrifying existences in this world that cannot be recorded.”

“Whether with pen and paper, jade slips, or any other method, it’s impossible to document them.”

“If the restriction is strong enough, they may even disappear from people’s memories.”

“But all of this is based on the premise that these things truly exist…”

A gleam of insight flashed in Li Fan’s mind.

“It seems that a year ago, such unrecordable phenomena had not yet occurred.”

“So, could it be that the Mysterious Web has already appeared in the world?”

Li Fan was slightly startled.

“If the massive Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation hasn’t been fully constructed yet, it’s likely still in its early stages.”

“For years, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance has been drawing its elite forces. Clearly, they’ve been busy. Even the unprecedented grand actions of the Five Elders Association must be connected to this.”

...

After a long period of contemplation, Li Fan looked at the memory stone in his hand and decided not to tamper with it further.

It had been a long time since the anomaly with the Mysterious Web on Ten Thousand Immortals Island. Now, with the Five Elders Association bringing up the matter again, Li Fan suspected their goal was likely the missing Elder Gongsun.

Not only the Five Elders Association, but even the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had been searching for him.

To evade detection from the two most powerful forces in the Xuanhuang Realm for so long, Elder Gongsun Qixuan must be quite formidable.

“It’s possible he’s not intentionally hiding but is severely injured and has lost consciousness,” Li Fan thought as he shook his head, dismissing the idea.

Li Fan took the opportunity to hand the recording stone and the blueprint for Congyun Immortal City’s reconstruction to his clone, Zhou Qingang.

Ten days later, Zhou Qingang delivered these highly confidential items to the stone-faced man.

After verifying them, the man was ecstatic and didn’t go back on his word, handing over a storage ring filled with strategic materials.

With that, the crisis was easily resolved by Li Fan.

With sufficient materials, the construction of Congyun Immortal City sped up once more.

Li Fan made frequent appearances to show his dedication to the project.

The cultivators under him were full of enthusiasm.

There was, however, one group that couldn’t sit still.

In a dark room aboard the Dust-Crossing Boat.

“Zhou Kebao, this was your brilliant idea!”

“Yeah, why are you putting on airs now? Don’t you see that Congyun City is almost finished?”

“Weren’t you so confident that Li Fan was just pretending to be calm? What do you have to say now?”

...

Zhou Kebao’s face alternated between pale and flushed as he listened to his companions’ constant rebukes.

“There’s something fishy here! Definitely something fishy!” he defended.

“Not long ago, the information I gathered clearly stated that they were running out of resources.”

“How is it that they suddenly have an abundance of materials?”

“These are tightly controlled strategic resources. You can’t just buy them!”

Zhou Kebao’s face was full of confusion as his eyes darted, trying to unravel the secret.

But his words clearly didn’t convince everyone present.

“Forget all that. What do we do now?”

“When Li Fan finishes building the Immortal City, our materials will be worthless.”

“We’ll lose everything, not to mention that if Li Fan reports us, what then?”

“Zhou Kebao, you caused this mess, so you fix it. Go find Li Fan and negotiate!”

...

Amidst the cacophony of voices, Zhou Kebao was overwhelmed, the flash of inspiration he had felt slipping away before he could grasp it.

Seeing no other option, Zhou Kebao sighed deeply and yielded.

The next day, Zhou Kebao approached Li Fan.

Instead of playing tricks, he sincerely explained the entire situation.

“Daoist Li, your move was brilliant. We lost fair and square.”

“But this whole thing was Tantai Can’s idea from the beginning. We were just momentarily blinded…” Zhou Kebao said in shame.

Li Fan smiled but didn’t speak.

“So, what do you want now?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 532


"You're the one who truly understands me, Daoist Zhou!"

Li Fan's previously stern expression softened into one of extreme kindness.

"You modern cultivators really know how to innovate. I guess I'm still a bit of an old fossil."

He patted Zhou Kebao on the shoulder, his admiration evident.

"If you can actually pull this off, all past grudges will be wiped clean!"

"We might even work together more closely in the future; it's not impossible."

"Your background is strong, but I'm not lacking either."

Li Fan's face showed a hint of pride as he painted a grand picture for Zhou Kebao, who couldn’t help but believe him.

After all, gathering such a large amount of strategic resources in such a short time was not something an ordinary cultivator could manage.

As someone who benefited from power and influence, Zhou Kebao was well aware that in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, connections and background were sometimes more important than cultivation strength."Come, come, explain the details more thoroughly." Li Fan pulled Zhou Kebao closer, clearly very interested in the mobile immortal city cave residence.

Seeing how smoothly the negotiation was going, Zhou Kebao was overjoyed.

He didn’t dare delay and began pointing to the images in the air, enlarging each part and explaining it in detail.

After a long time, Zhou Kebao was parched from all the talking.

Finally, Li Fan nodded in satisfaction.

"If someone finds out, will the higher-ups blame us?" After a moment of silence, Li Fan asked.

"Haha, don't worry, Daoist Li. The law says that anything not explicitly forbidden is allowed. There are no rules or regulations in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance that prohibit cultivators from mimicking immortal city structures to build cave residences." Zhou Kebao assured repeatedly.

"As long as you stay low-key and don’t show off, who would bother causing you trouble?"

"Of course, if someone does report it and things get out of hand, we can just demolish it. Once the storm passes, we’ll rebuild it for you."

Zhou Kebao’s face was full of smug confidence.

"Excellent! I feel more and more like you, Daoist Zhou, are a kindred spirit!" Li Fan smiled faintly.

He took out a blank jade slip and held it in his hand for a while before handing it to Zhou Kebao. "This contains my additional requirements for the immortal city cave residence. Go back and calculate the costs, then quickly send me a quotation."

"If there aren’t any major issues, we’ll finalize the deal."

"However, if you still think you can take advantage of me, then it’ll be a fight to the death." A flash of murderous intent briefly appeared in Li Fan's eyes.

"Rest assured, Daoist Li, I understand!" Zhou Kebao, overjoyed, accepted the jade slip and took a quick glance before eagerly excusing himself.

"What a bunch of parasites..."

Watching Zhou Kebao leave, Li Fan sneered softly.

"But what does it matter to me?"

"I should be thanking them. Without these parasites, how else would I get benefits out of this strictly regulated Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance?"

With a cold laugh, Li Fan gently pointed forward.

A miniature version of the immortal city cave residence reappeared, perfectly replicated from what he had just seen, combined with the real Congyun Immortal City.

"A floating city of my own..."

"This is a treasure that came to me effortlessly."

Li Fan squinted slightly, adding annotations to the floating city model according to his own ideas.

Time passed quickly.

Three days later, Zhou Kebao hurried back with a prepared quotation.

"Eighteen million six hundred thirty thousand contribution points..."

Li Fan muttered.

Afraid that Li Fan would think it was too expensive, Zhou Kebao quickly explained, "This only covers the cost of your additional requests and some labor. The materials for the immortal city construction are entirely at our expense."

"We’ve really gone all out to reconcile with you, Daoist."

Li Fan was unimpressed. "Spare me the talk. In the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, who besides me, Li Fan, would dare to use an immortal city as a cave residence?"

"If I don’t proceed with this, those materials of yours will just sit in a warehouse as dead stock."

"But now, you can convert them into contribution points."

Zhou Kebao dared not argue, only nodding in agreement.

"Eighteen million six hundred thirty thousand is a bit steep."

"Let’s settle on fifteen million." Li Fan boldly proposed.

"If that works, great. If not, let’s pretend we never discussed this."

Zhou Kebao's face changed dramatically upon hearing this.

After much hesitation and internal struggle, he finally gritted his teeth and agreed.

He then took out a golden contract, made some adjustments, and handed it over.

Li Fan reviewed it carefully. In addition to Zhou Kebao’s name, it also listed eight other cultivators, including Gou Zihao and Qu Dailong.

Once he confirmed everything was in order, Li Fan signed his name.

As two beams of golden light flew into their bodies, Zhou Kebao finally breathed a sigh of relief.

According to the agreement, Li Fan first transferred five million contribution points.

"When will the immortal city cave residence be completed?" Li Fan asked Zhou Kebao, whose face could barely contain his joy.

"It will be ready the day Congyun Immortal City is completed," Zhou Kebao promised.

"So soon?" This time, Li Fan was surprised.

After all, he had gathered all the available cultivators from the Congyun Sea, working day and night, just to meet the deadline set by the First Ordinance Diyi Jinglun.

Now, less than two months remained before the city's completion.

To finish the cave residence within such a short time seemed impossible.

And yet, Zhou Kebao spoke with such confidence.

Their efficiency must be much higher than Li Fan’s hastily assembled team.

Seeing Li Fan’s rare expression of surprise, Zhou Kebao felt proud but said nothing.

"Alright, in that case, I’ll wait for the day of double celebration."

"You may go now."

Li Fan dismissed Zhou Kebao, who bowed and left without delay.

---

Time flew by, and the day of Congyun Immortal City’s completion drew nearer.

The busy cultivators couldn’t help but show anticipation on their faces.

After all, they had been working so hard, looking forward to the reconstruction of Congyun City, the rewards from Island Lord Li Fan, and the appointment of positions.

Li Fan had not forgotten the Diyi Jinglun’s task, fully integrating the "Xuantian Nether-Lock Formation" into the foundation of the immortal city, without drawing any attention.

As the grand ceremony for the city’s foundation approached, Li Fan found himself alone in a secret chamber and suddenly felt a spiritual resonance.

It turned out that the Fallen Immortal Realm, which he hadn’t entered for a long time, was now open to him again.

"Blessings to the Heavenly Venerable Of Xuanhuang!"

Li Fan performed the ritual and re-entered the Fallen Immortal Realm.

The story picked up from last time: he and Xu Ke were entrusted by Lu Ya to head to the Nanming Beast Mountain.

"Xiao Hei, why do you think Senior Brother Lu Ya entrusted me with such an important task?"

"This Nanming Beast Mountain is no easy place. According to the other senior brothers, it's full of terrifying demon beasts…"

"Wouldn’t a more powerful senior brother be a better choice?"

Xu Ke tilted his head, his big eyes filled with confusion.

Li Fan gave him a playful slap.

"Can you be quiet? This is the tenth time you've asked that question on this trip."

"I don’t understand why you didn’t just ask your Senior Brother Lu Ya. Why keep bothering me?"

Xu Ke pouted, "That’s not true! This is only the ninth time…"

As they were bantering, a loud dragon roar suddenly echoed from the distant sky.

It interrupted their conversation.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 533


Gazing into the distance, the horizon seemed to blur where the sea met the sky, making it difficult to distinguish between water and heavens.

The thunderous roar, like that of a dragon, seemed to come from the clouds above.

Through the gaps in the clouds, one could faintly glimpse a part of the blue dragon's scales and claws.

Its body stretched endlessly, seemingly extending to the edge of the sky.

The dragon's tail, revealed by chance, appeared as large as a mountain in the eyes of the two onlookers.

Xu Ke stared in shock, his head tilted upwards, his body wobbling slightly: "How is this dragon so huge?"

"I’ve seen Azure Dragons in the sect before, but compared to this one..."

"Those can't even be called dragons. More like little mud eels!"

Xu Ke, not entirely clueless, knew that this was the territory of demonic beasts, and quietly whispered to Li Fan.

"The divine dragon reveals its head but not its tail..." Li Fan ignored him.He kept his gaze fixed on the Azure Dragon in the sky, searching his memories linked to the bloodline of the Xuan Bird.

This Azure Dragon had existed for ages, almost comparable to the lifespan of the Longevity Emperor Sanmo.

Unlike Sanmo, who served as a prophet to guide the demonic beasts, this Azure Divine Dragon never interfered with the internal affairs of the demonic beasts.

It played more of a "guardian deity" role, rarely appearing in the world.

Only when the demonic beasts faced an existential threat did it lend its aid.

"The Azure Divine Dragon usually conceals itself in waves or clouds. Why has it suddenly let out such a roar today?"

"It seems something major is happening in the Nanming."

"To arrive just in time… truly the fate of someone destined."

While Li Fan pondered, he gave Xu Ke a light slap.

Xu Ke, feeling puzzled, wanted to retaliate, but was quickly suppressed by Li Fan.

The Luan Bird beneath Xu Ke seemed to let out a helpless sigh.

Its speed did not diminish, continuing to fly south at full speed.

The Nanming area was vast and boundless.

Apart from the sky overhead, all one could see was the endless blue ocean.

After flying for over ten days, the scenery remained unchanged.

Not only had they not seen the Beast Mountain, but they hadn’t even encountered any ordinary demonic beasts.

Instead, they occasionally saw schools of strange fish surfacing, laughing playfully.

Some of these fish even chased the shadow cast by Xu Ke and his group, following them along the water.

However, these fish were clearly not demonic beasts, relying solely on instinct as their intelligence had not yet developed.

"Xiao Hei, where exactly is this Beast Mountain?" Xu Ke propped his chin on his hands, looking bored.

"Senior Brother Lu Ya didn’t explain clearly, he just told me to keep heading south."

"I actually believed him... How frustrating."

Just as Li Fan was about to respond, his expression suddenly changed.

From behind, a wave of killing intent mixed with a strong scent of blood rushed toward them.

He immediately turned, spitting out a black light to counter the attack.

"Huh?" A voice of surprise came from the attacker.

"Boom!"

Amid the explosion, the Luan Bird finally reacted.

It let out an angry cry, spreading its wings to shield Xu Ke.

Li Fan flew into the air, observing the attacker from afar.

It was a two-headed bird.

Its feathers were pure white, and one of its heads was wide-eyed, its gaze shifting rapidly between Xu Ke's group.

The other head seemed to be asleep, eyes tightly shut, nodding off in a rather comical manner.

"So, it's from the Xuan Bird tribe. I haven’t seen one in so long, and it’s turned into this?"

"Truly ugly beyond belief."

The two-headed bird sneered in a sharp voice.

"Manman..." Li Fan immediately recognized the bird.

It had some family ties to the Xuan Bird tribe.

Named Manman, though its name didn’t sound impressive, its origins were quite extraordinary.

Its left head was said to be able to see the cause and effect of all things, while the right head remained in a perpetual state of sleep.

Once it sensed disaster, it would awaken suddenly.

However, most Manman Birds had green feathers with a hint of red. This pure white one was extremely rare.

No wonder it found Li Fan ugly; it was the complete opposite of Li Fan, who was entirely pitch black.

Although, in terms of seniority within the demonic beast tribe, this bird might be considered Li Fan's "elder."

Yet, faced with the sudden attack and ridicule from this white Manman Bird, Li Fan certainly wasn’t about to show any respect.

"Strange, why does it sound like a duck quacking?"

"Quack quack, how annoying and noisy."

Li Fan pretended not to see the Manman Bird, looking around in confusion and disdain, then turned to Xu Ke.

Xu Ke blinked for a moment before clapping his hands and laughing: "You’re right, I heard it too."

"They say the Beast Mountain of the Nanming is sacred ground for demonic beasts. How could it allow such a rude duck to wander in? Truly odd."

Hearing their mocking banter, the Manman Bird was furious.

"You two little brats! Who are you calling a duck?"

"I am the noble and revered Manman Bird! A rare pure white variant, you..."

But no matter what it said, Li Fan and Xu Ke just kept shaking their heads, looking at it with disgust.

The white Manman Bird was about to explode with rage, preparing to attack again.

However, as if it had suddenly thought of something, it held back.

"Xuan Bird tribe, I’ll remember you!"

It glared at Li Fan and flapped its wings, flying off ahead.

Li Fan and Xu Ke exchanged glances, quickly urging their own bird to follow.

Not long after, the Manman Bird noticed they were still following.

"Why are you still tailing me? Do you think I’m easy to bully?"

Li Fan sneered: "Strange. The world is vast, and all beasts roam freely."

"Since when did your Manman Bird tribe claim ownership of the skies? Are others not allowed to follow the same path?"

Before the white Manman Bird could respond, a strange laugh suddenly echoed from the horizon, arriving in an instant.

"Hahaha!"

"That little one makes a good point! It seems your Manman Bird tribe has grown too arrogant!"

The white Manman Bird's eyes gleamed with fury, murderous intent brimming.

But when it saw the newcomer, its ferocity immediately subsided.

The creature before them was a bird, yet it had the body of a dog and the face of a human.

As it flew, the sound of rushing wind followed.

It was none other than one of the famous "Dafeng" birds.

"Hahaha!"

The Dafeng Bird landed, laughing heartily once again.

Its gaze lingered briefly on Li Fan before finally resting on Xu Ke.

A flicker of interest crossed its eyes.

"A human child? What brings you to the territory of demonic beasts?"seemed to blur where the sea met the sky, making it difficult to distinguish between water and heavens.

The thunderous roar, like that of a dragon, seemed to come from the clouds above.

Through the gaps in the clouds, one could faintly glimpse a part of the blue dragon's scales and claws.

Its body stretched endlessly, seemingly extending to the edge of the sky.

The dragon's tail, revealed by chance, appeared as large as a mountain in the eyes of the two onlookers.

Xu Ke stared in shock, his head tilted upwards, his body wobbling slightly: "How is this dragon so huge?"

"I’ve seen Azure Dragons in the sect before, but compared to this one..."

"Those can't even be called dragons. More like little mud eels!"

Xu Ke, not entirely clueless, knew that this was the territory of demonic beasts, and quietly whispered to Li Fan.

"The divine dragon reveals its head but not its tail..." Li Fan ignored him.

He kept his gaze fixed on the Azure Dragon in the sky, searching his memories linked to the bloodline of the Xuan Bird.

This Azure Dragon had existed for ages, almost comparable to the lifespan of the Longevity Emperor Sanmo.

Unlike Sanmo, who served as a prophet to guide the demonic beasts, this Azure Divine Dragon never interfered with the internal affairs of the demonic beasts.

It played more of a "guardian deity" role, rarely appearing in the world.

Only when the demonic beasts faced an existential threat did it lend its aid.

"The Azure Divine Dragon usually conceals itself in waves or clouds. Why has it suddenly let out such a roar today?"

"It seems something major is happening in the Nanming."

"To arrive just in time… truly the fate of someone destined."

While Li Fan pondered, he gave Xu Ke a light slap.

Xu Ke, feeling puzzled, wanted to retaliate, but was quickly suppressed by Li Fan.

The Luan Bird beneath Xu Ke seemed to let out a helpless sigh.

Its speed did not diminish, continuing to fly south at full speed.

The Nanming area was vast and boundless.

Apart from the sky overhead, all one could see was the endless blue ocean.

After flying for over ten days, the scenery remained unchanged.

Not only had they not seen the Beast Mountain, but they hadn’t even encountered any ordinary demonic beasts.

Instead, they occasionally saw schools of strange fish surfacing, laughing playfully.

Some of these fish even chased the shadow cast by Xu Ke and his group, following them along the water.

However, these fish were clearly not demonic beasts, relying solely on instinct as their intelligence had not yet developed.

"Xiao Hei, where exactly is this Beast Mountain?" Xu Ke propped his chin on his hands, looking bored.

"Senior Brother Lu Ya didn’t explain clearly, he just told me to keep heading south."

"I actually believed him... How frustrating."

Just as Li Fan was about to respond, his expression suddenly changed.

From behind, a wave of killing intent mixed with a strong scent of blood rushed toward them.

He immediately turned, spitting out a black light to counter the attack.

"Huh?" A voice of surprise came from the attacker.

"Boom!"

Amid the explosion, the Luan Bird finally reacted.

It let out an angry cry, spreading its wings to shield Xu Ke.

Li Fan flew into the air, observing the attacker from afar.

It was a two-headed bird.

Its feathers were pure white, and one of its heads was wide-eyed, its gaze shifting rapidly between Xu Ke's group.

The other head seemed to be asleep, eyes tightly shut, nodding off in a rather comical manner.

"So, it's from the Xuan Bird tribe. I haven’t seen one in so long, and it’s turned into this?"

"Truly ugly beyond belief."

The two-headed bird sneered in a sharp voice.

"Manman..." Li Fan immediately recognized the bird.

It had some family ties to the Xuan Bird tribe.

Named Manman, though its name didn’t sound impressive, its origins were quite extraordinary.

Its left head was said to be able to see the cause and effect of all things, while the right head remained in a perpetual state of sleep.

Once it sensed disaster, it would awaken suddenly.

However, most Manman Birds had green feathers with a hint of red. This pure white one was extremely rare.

No wonder it found Li Fan ugly; it was the complete opposite of Li Fan, who was entirely pitch black.

Although, in terms of seniority within the demonic beast tribe, this bird might be considered Li Fan's "elder."

Yet, faced with the sudden attack and ridicule from this white Manman Bird, Li Fan certainly wasn’t about to show any respect.

"Strange, why does it sound like a duck quacking?"

"Quack quack, how annoying and noisy."

Li Fan pretended not to see the Manman Bird, looking around in confusion and disdain, then turned to Xu Ke.

Xu Ke blinked for a moment before clapping his hands and laughing: "You’re right, I heard it too."

"They say the Beast Mountain of the Nanming is sacred ground for demonic beasts. How could it allow such a rude duck to wander in? Truly odd."

Hearing their mocking banter, the Manman Bird was furious.

"You two little brats! Who are you calling a duck?"

"I am the noble and revered Manman Bird! A rare pure white variant, you..."

But no matter what it said, Li Fan and Xu Ke just kept shaking their heads, looking at it with disgust.

The white Manman Bird was about to explode with rage, preparing to attack again.

However, as if it had suddenly thought of something, it held back.

"Xuan Bird tribe, I’ll remember you!"

It glared at Li Fan and flapped its wings, flying off ahead.

Li Fan and Xu Ke exchanged glances, quickly urging their own bird to follow.

Not long after, the Manman Bird noticed they were still following.

"Why are you still tailing me? Do you think I’m easy to bully?"

Li Fan sneered: "Strange. The world is vast, and all beasts roam freely."

"Since when did your Manman Bird tribe claim ownership of the skies? Are others not allowed to follow the same path?"

Before the white Manman Bird could respond, a strange laugh suddenly echoed from the horizon, arriving in an instant.

"Hahaha!"

"That little one makes a good point! It seems your Manman Bird tribe has grown too arrogant!"

The white Manman Bird's eyes gleamed with fury, murderous intent brimming.

But when it saw the newcomer, its ferocity immediately subsided.

The creature before them was a bird, yet it had the body of a dog and the face of a human.

As it flew, the sound of rushing wind followed.

It was none other than one of the famous "Dafeng" birds.

"Hahaha!"

The Dafeng Bird landed, laughing heartily once again.

Its gaze lingered briefly on Li Fan before finally resting on Xu Ke.

A flicker of interest crossed its eyes.

"A human child? What brings you to the territory of demonic beasts?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 534


“Could it be that you are also here to attend the Ten Thousand Beasts Conference?”

The giant bird, Dafeng, ignored the nearby Manman bird and asked in a friendly tone.

“What Ten Thousand Beasts Conference? I have no idea.”

“I was entrusted by my senior brother, Lu Ya, to deliver this wooden box to you.” Xu Ke's eyes shifted around as he stared at Dafeng, pretending to be innocent as he spoke.

“Lu Ya?” Dafeng tilted its head, thinking for a moment, seemingly unable to recall anyone by that name. “Sounds somewhat familiar...”

“What wooden box? Let me take a look…” it said nonchalantly.

“Sure!” Xu Ke, appearing carefree and defenseless, pulled out a vermillion wooden box.

An ancient and desolate aura immediately emanated from the box.

“This is!” Dafeng's body shuddered uncontrollably, almost losing its balance and nearly falling into the sea.

The white Manman bird, at first, didn’t recognize it either. But after carefully examining the wooden box, it soon let out a sharp screech.Its feathers stood on end, as if it had been greatly agitated.

Just as it was about to say something, Dafeng swiftly flapped its wings, sending a gust of wind to silence it.

“Hehe, so it was sent by 'that' person…”

“Quick, little one, put it away. If others catch sight of it, there will be trouble.”

Without further questioning the contents of the box, Dafeng awkwardly coughed and hurriedly advised Xu Ke.

“Okay!” Xu Ke obediently put the wooden box back.

“Senior, we're heading to the Nanming Beast Mountain, but we’ve lost our way. Could you take us there?” He blinked his eyes, rubbing the back of his head, looking a bit embarrassed.

“Ahem, young one, didn’t your elders instruct you before setting out? It's not called the Nanming Beast Mountain, that sounds so crude. It's the Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain!” Dafeng corrected him sternly.

“To show such disrespect for the Sacred Beast Mountain, you're lucky you met me, someone with a good temper. If you ran into one of the more violent ones, you’d be captured on the spot, have your stomach cut open, your heart devoured, and your liver eaten!” Dafeng warned, trying to scare him.

Xu Ke tilted his head, thinking for a moment, confused. “But Grandpa San said not to worry when we get here, to feel at home. That's how everyone at home talks.”

“Grandpa San…” Dafeng choked on its words, unsure how to respond.

The once-arrogant Manman bird also shrunk its head back, pretending it had heard nothing.

“Hehe, as long as you’re happy, kid.” In the end, Dafeng could only smile wryly and say no more.

The group continued heading southward.

Along the way, Xu Ke kept chattering, constantly asking Dafeng for information.

“Senior, what exactly is the Ten Thousand Beasts Conference you mentioned?”

Dafeng initially didn’t want to answer, but Xu Ke's persistence left it no choice.

Reluctantly, it whispered, “Not long ago, Lord Emperor One announced to the world that the Ten Thousand Beasts Conference would be held.”

“All beast clans must send representatives to the Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain to participate.”

“It’s said that this concerns the life and death of the beast clans, and it’s the first time in hundreds of years that Lord Emperor One has called such a gathering. It’s extremely important.”

“Even usually reclusive beings like Lord Azure Dragon, Lord Scarlet Nine-Head, and Lord Purple Headless are coming.”

“The last time we had such a grand gathering was during the public trial of Emperor San…”

Dafeng stopped mid-sentence, its expression suddenly changing as it quickly fell silent.

Li Fan and Xu Ke exchanged glances, understanding instantly.

It seemed that even someone with Emperor Sanmo’s status faced serious consequences when interacting too closely with humans.

No wonder both the Manman bird and Dafeng were so cautious about even mentioning Emperor Sanmo.

However, it was clear that the public trial had not been successful against Emperor Sanmo.

Otherwise, when Xu Ke took out the sealed wooden box bearing Emperor Sanmo’s mark, Dafeng and the others wouldn’t have shown such a mix of fear and respect.

Moving away from this topic, Xu Ke continued pestering Dafeng with questions about the beast clans.

He asked where they usually resided, how they interacted with humans, their future plans, and their views on the Beast Taming Sect.

After the earlier slip, Dafeng became more cautious, only sharing trivial and irrelevant information with Xu Ke.

Thus, more than ten days passed.

Finally, the legendary Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain came into view.

From a distance, at the junction of the blue sky and sea, a towering conical mountain appeared out of thin air.

It stood in the middle of the sea, like a mirage, incredibly mysterious.

The mountain’s peak was crowned with a thick layer of white snow.

At the snow-covered summit, a magnificent city could faintly be seen.

Li Fan, with his keen eyes, also noticed that the Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain marked the boundary of the entire Nanming Ocean.

It was a sight beyond words.

The vast, endless sea abruptly stopped at this point.

Beyond it lay a dark abyss, like a black void.

The Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain stood at the boundary between light and dark, reality and illusion, separating the real world from the dreamlike realm.

Dafeng, seeing Xu Ke awestruck by the magnificent view, couldn't help but feel proud.

“How does it look? Never seen such a wondrous sight, have you?”

“The so-called ends of the earth, the world’s frontier, the source of all life, this is our Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain.”

Dafeng sighed with emotion.

“It’s said that the first beasts in the world originated here before spreading across the world.”

“This is a sacred place for all beasts, not to be desecrated. Even though you were sent by an important figure, your human identity cannot be changed. You may not be allowed to enter.”

“Hehe, Dafeng is right. Even you, little black bird, though a beast, have been tamed by humans and serve as a companion spirit beast. You too are not qualified to enter the Sacred Beast Mountain.” The previously quiet Manman bird suddenly perked up and mocked.

With a strange cry, it flapped its wings and flew towards the distant mountain peak, leaving Xu Ke behind.

Xu Ke didn’t seem to mind. He waved a jade token hanging around his neck.

“No worries, before I left, Senior Brother Lu Ya told me that if I encounter any trouble, just show them this token.”

“Senior Brother Luya would never deceive me.”

“Xiao Qing, let’s go!”

Dafeng was about to advise him further when it suddenly realized something, its eyes widening in shock, even more so than when it sensed Emperor Sanmo’s aura.

For it had clearly seen a fleeting glimpse of the jade token, which bore a symbol that only beasts could recognize: the character “One.”

Dafeng finally remembered where it had heard the name Lu Ya before.

It was over a decade ago, when a lone human had entered the Sacred Beast Mountain, and then left unscathed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 535


This event caused quite a stir at the time, creating a huge uproar throughout the entire world of beasts.

No beast wanted to believe that a human could come and go freely within the Sacred Beast Mountain.

But the fact was undeniable.

This cultivator named Lu Ya not only ventured into the Sacred Mountain but also took away a junior from the Tian Wu tribe with the purest bloodline.

What made it even harder for the beasts to accept was that at the time, Lu Ya was merely at the early stage of the Nascent Soul level.

This made the whole situation even more absurd.

Forget about the early Nascent Soul stage, even if he were at the Nascent Soul perfection stage, what of it? Any adult beast on the Sacred Beast Mountain could easily crush him with just a flick of a claw.

How could they allow such arrogance from a human cultivator?

Although there were rumors later on that Lu Ya was able to freely enter and leave the Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain due to the tacit approval of the 'Emperor One', it still didn’t sit well with the beast clan.

As the nominal ruler of the entire beast race, Emperor One held a status of utmost reverence. Many young beasts with pure bloodlines and exceptional talent couldn’t even catch his eye.What right did this mere human cultivator have?

It took over a decade for the waves stirred by this event to gradually calm down.

And the name Lu Ya became etched into the memories of many beasts.

Although the Dafeng Bird was known for its forgetfulness, when both the name "Lu Ya" and the Emperor One's jade token appeared simultaneously, it instantly remembered the events from back then.

"It seems the rumors were indeed true. Lu Ya really had a close relationship with Emperor One..." The Dafeng Bird let out a strange laugh, flapped its wings, and followed Xu Ke as they flew into the Sacred Mountain.

The Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain seemed to contain some sort of special energy that greatly benefited the beasts.

The closer they got to it, the more energized Li Fan felt.

It was as if something deep within him was joyfully stirring, making his blood boil and filling him with boundless energy.

Even the Azure Luan Bird beneath Xu Ke felt the same.

It let out a loud, joyous cry, its speed increasing noticeably in an instant.

In no time, they had arrived.

Xu Ke's group had entered the bounds of the Sacred Beast Mountain, but just then, Little Qing suddenly stiffened in mid-air, motionless.

At the same time, Li Fan felt a fatal sense of danger surge in his heart.

Yet Xu Ke seemed completely unaware of the danger, still shouting excitedly, "Xiao Hei, look! What is that?"

Li Fan's body felt petrified, unable to move. He could only barely turn his eyes to follow Xu Ke's gaze.

What he saw was a massive snake coiled around the Sacred Beast Mountain.

Its body was fiery red, incredibly striking and demonic.

The red snake’s body was enormous, and what they could see seemed to be only part of its seemingly endless form, with most of it hidden beneath the blue waters of the Nanming Sea.

It was a sight that inspired fear in all who beheld it.

What was even more shocking was that before entering the Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain, no one had noticed its presence.

It was as if it had appeared out of thin air.

The red snake’s single eye was now coldly staring at the Azure Luan Bird and the human passengers it carried.

The immense pressure forced Li Fan to instinctively close his eyes.

Yet Xu Ke remained completely unfazed, staring boldly back at the red snake.

After a tense standoff, a faint glow emanated from the jade token in Xu Ke’s hand.

The red snake’s eye shifted slightly before it slowly closed.

In an instant, the Azure Luan Bird regained its mobility.

Li Fan felt the pressure on his body lift abruptly and let out a small sigh of relief.

But when he looked again, the massive red snake, larger than a mountain, had already vanished.

It was as if that terrifying moment had been nothing more than a hallucination.

However, Li Fan knew that the one-eyed red snake was still coiled around the Sacred Beast Mountain.

They just couldn’t see it anymore.

"If it weren’t for that Emperor One jade token, even a cultivator at the Dao Integration stage would be dead or crippled here," Li Fan thought to himself in shock.

Xu Ke, however, remained carefree and oblivious, urging the Azure Luan Bird to descend into the mountain.

"Wow! It feels so comfortable here," Xu Ke exclaimed as he landed, taking a deep breath and savoring the atmosphere.

It was well known that staying on the Sacred Beast Mountain brought some mysterious benefits to beasts.

This time, he didn’t bother to put Little Qing away, instead letting her shrink down to a small size and settle next to Li Fan.

Li Fan glanced at her, and for a moment, a vision of the Azure Saint Master from thousands of years in the future flashed in his mind.

He smiled but said nothing.

Little Qing seemed a bit frightened of Li Fan, the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird. Occasionally, she cast a nervous glance his way, her eyes filled with fear.

She instinctively kept her distance, not daring to get too close.

Xu Ke, for the moment, ignored the two birds perched above him. He dashed along the mountain path toward the grand city ahead.

Along the way, they encountered many strange and bizarre beasts.

There were horse-bodied, bird-winged creatures; human-faced, snake-tailed beings; some resembling tigers with howling dog-like cries; others like black crows with three heads and six tails; and some like deer with white tails, horse legs, human hands, and four horns...

Some of the beasts were even plants or trees that had gained sentience, radiating divine and ethereal auras.

But no matter how fierce or malevolent these beasts appeared, all of them moved cautiously and respectfully along the mountain path, not daring to act out of line.

Thus, Xu Ke’s reckless running stood out.

Some beasts looked at him with killing intent, wanting to teach this reckless brat a lesson.

But sensing the aura of the Emperor One on him, none of them dared to make a move.

So Xu Ke continued sprinting, finally arriving at the base of the grand city atop the mountain.

This city, atop the Sacred Mountain, was made from some unknown material. Its entire body was pure white, exuding a sacred and majestic presence under the sunlight.

Beyond the white city was originally just a high wall, without any gate.

But as the group approached, a face suddenly appeared on the wall.

The face opened its mouth, revealing a pitch-black passageway.

Xu Ke stopped in his tracks.

He stretched out his neck and peered inside but couldn’t see anything.

While he muttered to himself, a strange beast walked past with a mocking expression and entered the passage.

Xu Ke pouted but quickly gathered his courage and followed the beast into the white city of the Sacred Mountain.

The light vanished, then reappeared.

"Follow me!"

A soft, childish voice suddenly sounded in Li Fan's ear.

Ahead of him stood a small child, around five or six years old, with an adorably delicate face, making it impossible to tell their gender. The child stood with his hands on his hips, addressing Xu Ke.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 536


The small child immediately caught Xu Ke's attention.

His eyes widened as he stared at the child, curiously approaching and reaching out to pinch the child’s cheek. He asked with great curiosity, “Are you also human? How did you end up on this Beast Mountain?”

The child tilted his head and raised his hand to pinch Xu ke's face in return.

"Who says humans can’t live on Beast Mountain? Aren't you a mere mortal, yet you arrived here safe and sound?" the child replied seriously.

Xu ke was momentarily stunned but then quickly agreed with the child’s words.

Clapping his hands in delight, he said, “You’re right! Humans and beasts can live in harmony.”

“That’s how it is in our sect.”

“I imagine it must be the same here in the Nanming Beast Mountain.”

The child looked at him with a hint of innocence in his eyes and shook his head. “The Beast Taming Sect? I’ve heard that the human cultivators in your Beast Taming Sect rely on the Beast Control Technique to forcibly bind and control the beasts.”

“Many beasts don’t willingly become their companion beasts. They are just controlled by techniques and have no choice.”“Is that what you call harmonious coexistence?” the child asked seriously.

Xu ke, hearing this, quickly waved his hands in protest, flustered, "It's not like that..."

He opened his mouth to refute, but for a moment, he didn’t know where to start.

Suddenly, something occurred to him. He grabbed the small black creature perched on his head and proudly presented it to the child like a treasure. "Look, this is Xiao Hei-(Little Black) We have a great relationship!"

“Even though he became my companion spirit beast due to the Beast Control Technique,” Xu ke continued, “our bond is real. Isn’t that right, Xiao Hei?”

Xu ke shook his hand, trying to make Xiao Hei show approval.

However, Xiao Hei merely flew back to perch on Xuke’s head and gave him a sharp claw to make him quiet down in pain.

Ignoring Xu ke’s antics, Li Fan kept staring at the child, who was as exquisitely beautiful as jade, with growing suspicion in his heart.

His intuition told him that this child had a significant background and was not as simple as an ordinary mortal.

Yet, there was no trace of a beast’s aura on the child.

Even when Li Fan used his innate powers to observe, the child’s fortune pillar looked as ordinary as that of a mortal, which left him perplexed.

Seeing how well the master and servant in front of him were getting along, the child giggled, seeming very happy.

“Follow me; the paths in the city are complicated. Be careful not to get eaten,” the child reminded again.

With that, the child turned and walked inside.

Xu ke hurriedly followed.

The surroundings were eerily quiet, with no trace of other beasts.

The beasts that had been with them earlier had all disappeared without a trace.

Only the sound of two pairs of footsteps echoed in the empty city, one pair ahead of the other.

They climbed several dozen flights of stairs, and after an unknown amount of time, the child led Xuke into a room.

As they entered, the walls instantly became transparent.

It felt as if they were suspended in mid-air.

The view was magnificent, with the surrounding scenery laid out before them.

Below, the space was densely packed with countless beasts of various shapes and sizes.

They seemed to be engaged in a heated debate.

“Silence!”

Below where Xuke stood, several large orbs of light hovered.

Within the light, faint silhouettes could be seen.

The speaker was a Crimson nine-headed bird.

Its voice was harsh and grating, like metal scraping against metal. However, its status among the beasts appeared to be high, for as soon as it spoke, the beasts fell silent.

“Everyone, let us welcome the great Emperor One, who, after many years, has once again summoned the ten thousand beasts to convene the council!”

Boom!

At its words, the entire space erupted as all the beasts simultaneously roared with excitement, expressing their joy.

In the sky, a massive shadow descended.

A wriggling mass, with heads intermittently emerging and disappearing, like a grey "flesh mound," loomed over the gathered beasts like a cloud.

All the beasts present fell silent, bowing their heads in respect.

"This... this is Emperor One Beast?" Xu ke stuck out his tongue as he stared at the flesh mound below.

“Why does it look… so ugly…”

He lowered his voice, cautiously whispering.

The child next to him heard this and wasn’t angry. Instead, he nodded in agreement with a giggle, “Hehe, I think so too. It is quite ugly!”

Li Fan’s heart skipped a beat.

To dare call the most revered beast in the heart of the Beast Mountain ugly, in the heart of the beasts’ territory—this child…

Before Li Fan could think further, the words of the Emperor One Beast below drew his attention.

"My fellow kin, I have summoned you here today because the time has come to decide the life and death of the beast race."

Emperor One’s voice was peculiar.

It came from all parts of the flesh mound, as if it was made up of thousands of overlapping voices. Yet, when carefully listened to, the voices were indistinguishable, merging into one seamless tone.

It sounded mechanical, yet lively, a strange combination.

Emperor One continued, “The great calamity of the Xuanhuang Realm is approaching. This disaster will be more brutal than any before.”

“Not only humanity but we beasts, and even the entire world, face an existential crisis. Even though our bloodline memories hold abundant experience in dealing with calamities, I fear we will not escape this one unscathed…”

Hearing this, the beasts below erupted into another uproar.

The flesh mound shifted, and light and shadow flickered above the heads of the beasts.

The beasts quickly quieted down again.

“So, for the future of our race, I need to hear your thoughts.”

From the orbs of light below the flesh cloud, a beast that bore a striking resemblance to Emperor One, also a round ball-shaped creature without facial features, spoke up. “Emperor One, whatever you say, we will follow.”

“I, Zi Wushou, will always be your most loyal subordinate!”

With Zi Wushou’s declaration, many beasts below chimed in, echoing their support.

“Oh? What if I decide to lead you away from the Xuanhuang Realm in search of a new home?” Emperor One suddenly asked coldly, surprising the beasts.

“What?” Zi Wushou was clearly caught off guard by Emperor Yi’s statement and stood there dumbfounded.

Before it could respond, an elderly Azure Divine Dragon beside it quickly spoke up.

“Emperor One, why would you do that? With the strength of our beast race, are we really unable to survive this so-called great calamity?”

“Exactly. We’ve survived countless disasters. Besides, even if we leave, where would we go?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 537


At this moment, the speaker was a pitch-black qilin, majestic and imposing in form but with a voice as crisp as a child's.

On top of the gathering of myriad beasts sat Emperor One, who let out a low, rumbling laugh upon hearing the black qilin’s doubts.

"Experience, as they say, is a double-edged sword. It grants us the confidence to face crises, yet subtly pushes us toward the abyss."

A black, amorphous mass stirred, seemingly expressing its discontent.

“This calamity is unlike any of the ones we’ve faced in history."

"Its origins lie in..."

At this point, a grotesque multitude of fierce beasts began to emerge from Emperor One’s mass.

"Shut up, you!"

"Why waste breath on these useless creatures! Those who don’t obey, devour them all!"

"What ‘Ten Thousand Beast clan’? With only me, 'Emperor One,' it’s enough!"...

This unsettling scene silenced all attending beasts, though none of them seemed surprised by the outburst. There was fear in their eyes, but no shock.

The black mass churned once more, swallowing the snarling heads back within itself, as Emperor One resumed, unfazed, "As such, this catastrophe surpasses what the Xuanhuang Realm itself can resolve."

"If no additional factors intervene, everything in this world will end in extinction."

Emperor One's serious tone commanded the full attention of the assembled beasts, who all grew solemn.

"However, since I said I would lead you to survival, I naturally have a way out."

Emperor One's voice, as if resonating from countless forms, echoed through the space.

"Among the human cultivators, there is a sect called the Heavenly Sword Sect. In the face of this great catastrophe, they hope to seize a chance of survival by creating a 'Void-Breaking Divine Weapon,' a tool capable of shattering space-time itself, allowing them to escape from Xuanhuang."

"Setting aside the feasibility of their plan, it has inspired me."

"This mountain beneath us happens to be a natural ‘Void-Breaking Divine Weapon.’ With some modifications, it could lead us to escape as well," Emperor One declared confidently.

"Mount Nanming stands at the edge of the world, at the land's end and sea’s edge. Thus, it has accumulated a great deal of energy from the world's natural overflow..."

Di Yi began to explain the principles to the beasts. None dared to slacken their attention; regardless of their true thoughts, each wore a serious expression.

In the transparent room above, Xu Ke yawned as he listened.

"How boring. Why do these powerful beasts love to drone on? Not impressive at all," he muttered quietly.

Turning to the child beside him, who was even smaller than himself, he asked, "Why did you bring us here? Isn’t this an internal meeting of the beast clan? Isn’t it bad for us to eavesdrop?"

"It’s fine. It won’t mind." The child looked down at the speaking Emperor One beast and said lightly.

Although Xu Ke was naturally carefree, he was no fool. He glanced around cautiously and whispered, "From the way you talk, you seem pretty familiar with Lord Emperor One."

"Could it be... that you’re its illegitimate child?"

"Think that if you wish," the child replied openly, much to Xu Ke’s surprise.

Xu Ke froze in shock.

"Or rather, 'I' am Emperor One. But 'I' am not Emperor One," the child added.

Xu Ke’s eyes widened in disbelief.

Li Fan, too, shifted his attention from Emperor One’s speech below to the child in front of him. Though he had his suspicions, it was shocking to think that the supreme beast lord would take on a human form.

Emperor One, seeing Xu Ke and Li Fan’s astonished expressions, flashed a mysterious smile.

“What’s the matter? Surprised?”

Xu Ke nodded repeatedly.

"There’s no need for that. All life, at its essence, is ultimately one."

"Beast or human, there is no fundamental difference," Emperor One continued, casually stating something shocking.

Li Fan thought that, in this sacred land of beasts, if anyone other than the beast lord himself said such a thing, they’d likely be devoured by the furious beasts on the spot.

"It’s almost amusing that it took me so long to realize this," the child-like Emperor One said, looking down at the gathered beasts with an air of ancient wisdom.

"Back then, Lu Ya once told me that the strength of beasts lies in the inheritance of bloodline power. But over generations, the purity of that bloodline weakens. Although rare cases of atavism can occur, overall, the strength of the beast clan has undeniably been diminishing."

At the mention of Senior Lu Ya, Xu Ke's eyes lit up, and he listened intently.

"Meanwhile, our opponents, humans, have grown stronger through generations of learning and accumulation. Cultivation methods, talismans, tools, formation, elixirs—their sources of power are things that can be passed down through generations."

"The gap continues to widen. What, then, lies in the future for the beast clans?"

"I thought about this question for three days and nights, but still found no answer."

"Forcing those without brains to learn alchemy or artifact refining?”

"Even I couldn’t achieve that. If lying around, eating, drinking, and resting makes them stronger, why would they strive for anything else?"

"This is the beast clan’s dilemma. Although there may be some exceptional individuals, it can’t change the entire clan’s ecology."

As though he were explaining to Xu Ke and Li Fan, or perhaps just talking to himself, Emperor One continued.

"So, you plan to turn beasts into humans? Like what you’re doing now?” Xu Ke asked, astonished at the realization.

Li Fan’s feathers ruffled slightly, sensing a chill.

"Yes."

"And no."

Di Yi shook his head, then nodded.

"As the leader of all beasts, I must consider the future of the entire beast clan, not just act based on personal preferences."

The child-like Emperor One gestured to the ten thousand beast gathering below.

"That other version of me has decided to lead the beasts in fleeing Xuanhuang."

"Even though I have utmost confidence, I can’t deny that this plan may fail."

"Even if there’s only a minuscule chance, I have to account for it."

"I don’t want the beast clan to be doomed by one decision, so I need an alternative plan."

"I understand! This is what my seniors often say—you need a backup plan for everything!" Xu Ke said excitedly.

“No, you don’t understand,” Emperor One said bluntly.

"‘Two options’ would spell self-destruction for such a vast clan."

"How many beasts would accept the plan of transforming into humans? Not many, that much is certain."

"Enforcing such an order would only bring harm to an already divided clan, so I need to carry this plan out in secret."

Xu Ke scratched his head, looking perplexed. "What are you trying to say? The more you explain, the more confusing it gets."

Emperor One waved his hand, and suddenly, a lush tree appeared before them.

At the tip of one of its branches, Xu Ke saw his own reflection.

“This is…?” he asked, puzzled.

"This is the future," Emperor One replied solemnly. "One possible future."

"The fate of the beast clan is intertwined with you," Emperor One said, gazing at the small Xu Ke, his eyes filled with an ancient sadness.

Xu Ke watched the tree’s branches, each branch displaying different visions of the beast clan’s future—some filled with blood and complete extinction, others thriving and recalling the grandeur of ancient times.

There were scenes of beasts and humans coexisting in harmony, creating a glorious civilization, and others of desolation and ruin.

"An infinite future holds infinite possibilities."

"This means that no matter how slim a possibility may seem, under the concept of ‘infinity,’ everything is bound to occur."

"As the leader of the clan, I must consider every possible outcome for the beast clan's fate."

In that moment, Emperor One, despite his childlike form, spoke with a weight as heavy as mountains.

"This is my answer to Lu Ya’s question."

"Humans may have infinite potential, but you are divided, unable to unite the clan's power, exhausting yourselves in endless internal conflict."

"During a catastrophe, humanity would suffer greatly."

"Even if they survive by chance, the odds of extinction increase as disasters accumulate over time."

"But for us beasts, it’s different. As long as I exist, I’ll think everything through for my kin."

"Though they may have individual thoughts, when it comes to life and death, they must follow my command."

"As long as I live, the beast clan won’t face total extinction."

"If we can’t compete with humans, we just have to outlast them until they destroy themselves."

Emperor One's tone carried a hint of faint irony.

Xu Ke frowned, wanting to retort, but found no suitable words.

After a long pause, he finally asked, "Then how can you guarantee that you won’t die before the beast clan’s extinction?"

Emperor One gave Xu Ke a dark look but remained silent.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 538: The Skilled Warrior Dies in Battle


"An infinite future means infinite possibilities. As long as there’s a sliver of chance, it means it will inevitably come to pass…”

In Li Fan’s mind, the words Emperor One had just spoken echoed repeatedly.

Possessing the [Truth] ability, which allowed him nearly limitless resets, he understood the meaning of these words more profoundly than anyone else.

Moreover, Li Fan’s heart surged with emotion. He had a premonition that hidden within these words was an even deeper secret.

Something related to his path of the future, or perhaps to the [Truth].

Yet, it was as if he were gazing at flowers in the mist—unable to see its entirety.

Li Fan was lost in a storm of introspection, while the child Emperor One remained silent after finishing his statement.

Xu Ke, under Emperor One’s gaze, involuntarily shuddered and closed his mouth.

The normally fearless Xu Ke now realized the precariousness of his earlier words and dared not ask any further.

After a long silence, perhaps to break the awkwardness of the moment, he chuckled and changed the subject, “Right, since you are the ‘Emperor One’…” Xu Ke tapped his forehead as if just remembering and took out a vermillion wooden box, passing it over.“This is from Senior Brother Lu Ya, who asked me to bring it here. He didn’t specify who it’s for, but since you’re the one in charge, it’s safe to say it should go to you.”

Xu Ke looked at Emperor One, somewhat relieved.

“What is this…”

Emperor One’s gaze fell on the wooden box, and a hint of solemnity appeared on his small face.

As he took the box, a dark glow flashed across his hand, instantly dispelling the seals placed upon it.

“Roar!”

A ferocious killing aura, laced with resentment and anger, burst out of the box, soaring into the sky.

The murderous energy took shape, swirling into a violent tornado.

An overpowering scent of blood erupted from within, sweeping across the surroundings like a shockwave.

In the midst of this, the shadow of a ferocious beast seemed to emerge, roaring in fury.

Caught off guard, Xu Ke fell to the ground in fright.

And Li Fan, deep in thought, was also startled by the terrifying scene, his feathers standing on end, his body trembling instinctively as if facing a natural enemy.

Fortunately, Emperor One’s small hand formed an impenetrable cage, containing and sealing off the malicious aura.

No matter how violently it struggled or attempted to escape, it couldn’t break free.

“Even in death, that foul temper of yours hasn’t changed.” Emperor One scoffed, his hand emitting a faint black glow.

Gradually, as if sensing Emperor One’s presence, the fierce beast inside the box began to calm down.

The roaring subsided until silence returned.

It was only then that the still-shaken Xu Ke and Li Fan got a clear view of the box’s contents.

Inside was the severed head of a fierce beast, eyes wide open and filled with hatred.

Its surface was covered in cracks, like shattered porcelain, etched with battle scars.

At the wound on the head, the flesh seemed to writhe, as though the beast hadn’t yet fully died.

Seeing what Senior Brother Lu Ya had entrusted him to transport to the Nanming Beast Mountain, Xu Ke turned pale with fright.

He hastily waved his hands in defense, exclaiming, “I didn’t do it!”

The child Emperor One was stunned for a moment, then broke into a chuckle.

“Relax, even if you claimed to have killed it, no one in the world would believe you.”

“The Lord of Demon Beasts, known as the unrivaled ‘Emperor II of Wrath’…”

“There aren’t many who could kill him. You’re certainly not among them.”

Emperor One’s face showed no grief or rage, merely offering a faint explanation as he continued to scrutinize the head of [Emperor II of Wrath], as if searching for clues.

“Emperor II of Wrath?” Though relieved of suspicion, Xu Ke was even more alarmed.

Swallowing hard, he muttered, “If he’s number two, then doesn’t that make him stronger than Grandpa San-(Third)?”

“How did he end up like this…”

Xu Ke couldn’t help glancing at the head in the box, asking the question with difficulty.

Li Fan was similarly shaken.

From Emperor Yi’s words, it seemed that this ‘Emperor II of Wrath’ was likely the strongest among the demon beasts, second only to Emperor One.

In human cultivation terms, he would probably be on par with someone at the Longevity Realm.

And now, he had been decapitated...

Who could have done this?

Considering that the box came from Lu Ya of the Beast-Taming Sect, and though Lu Ya himself didn’t possess the power to accomplish such a feat, he knew someone who could.

Mr. Bai.

In an instant, an unparalleled figure flashed in Li Fan’s mind.

Could it be him?

Li Fan and Xu Ke exchanged a glance, seemingly thinking the same thing.

While the two of them pieced together the perpetrator, Emperor One, too, seemed to discover something in the wounds on the head.

“A skilled warrior dies in battle.”

“I warned you many times, yet you refused to listen. Now you suffer this fate, brought upon yourself.”

Emperor One’s expression was stern, his voice cold as ice.

From within the severed head of 'Emperor II of Wrath', a faint, angry roar seemed to echo in defiance.

“It’s good you returned.”

Emperor One murmured mysteriously.

Then something happened that sent chills down Xu Ke’s spine.

Emperor One placed his hand on the severed head of Emperor II of Wrath. His small, white hand began to swell and distort, expanding in strange ways.

Chunks of black, mud-like flesh oozed from his hand, covering and engulfing the beast’s head.

Instinctively, Xu Ke pulled Li Fan back several steps.

They distanced themselves from the seemingly innocent child Emperor One.

Within just a few breaths, the undulating black mass retracted.

Emperor One returned to his innocent childlike form.

The head of 'Emperor II of Wrath' was now gone.

“Thank you for bringing this fool back.”

“I won’t let him go again for a few tens of thousands of years.”

Emperor One said seriously.

Xu Ke scratched his head, at a loss for words.

“I also understand Emperor III’s intentions…”

Emperor One glanced at Xu Ke with a faint smile.

Instead of reproach, he simply continued.

His belly suddenly swelled, distending until it was several times larger than his childlike body, grotesquely so.

Inside, something seemed to be forming, shifting restlessly within him.

With a tearing sound, a round creature emerged from his body.

“Take this little one back and give it to Lu Ya.”

“He’ll know what to do.”

Back in his childlike form, Emperor One looked at Xu Ke, pausing a moment before speaking again.

“This is your reward for delivering Emperor II of Wrath.”

“Additionally, I have something else to give you.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 539


This time, there was no grand commotion. Emperor One merely pointed lightly at Xu Ke’s brow, making no further movement.

Xu Ke touched his forehead, but it felt like nothing had changed.

"When the time is right, you’ll understand its purpose," Emperor One said.

"Mysteries again, always speaking in riddles… It’s driving me crazy," Xu Ke muttered under his breath. He glanced at Emperor One but ultimately lacked the courage to speak up.

He had no choice but to bear it.

"With things here resolved, it's clear that Nanming is no place for humans to linger long. Let me take you out of here."

Meanwhile, in the space below, the Assembly of Ten Thousand Beasts had come to a final decision.

"We firmly support and uphold His Majesty Emperor One’s great decision!"

"Under His Majesty’s leadership, our Beast Clan will usher in a brighter future!"

"To stay in the tiny Xuanhuang Realm is pointless!"The beast tribes roared in unison, their voices like crashing waves, already in unanimous agreement.

As for how genuine this enthusiasm was, one might catch a hint from the faint, mocking smile that appeared on Emperor One's young face as he looked down upon them.

Leading Xu Ke, Emperor One took him through a winding, deserted passage, arriving back at the door they had first entered through.

"You may leave now."

Emperor One halted and instructed.

Xu Ke hesitated, as if he wanted to say something.

"Rest assured, we’ll meet again someday," Emperor One added, with a knowing look.

As his voice echoed, Emperor One's figure disappeared.

Xu Ke felt a pang of emptiness.

Holding onto the sphere with a pulsating core, Xu Ke summoned Xiao Qing and left with Li Fan.

On the journey back across the Nanming Sea, possibly due to Emperor One's influence, they encountered no other beasts.

Their journey was peaceful, and they drew ever closer to the Beast-Taming Sect.

Li Fan, standing on the sphere Emperor One had given Xu Ke, seemed deeply interested in it, his gaze revealing a glint of greed as if he wanted to devour it.

"Hey, Xiao Hei, what are you doing?"

Seeing Li Fan’s predatory look, Xu Ke clutched the sphere tightly, eyes full of caution.

"This is something I need to bring back to Senior Brother Lu Ya. Don’t even think about eating it out of curiosity."

Li Fan rolled his eyes at Xu Ke and swiped at him with a claw, offering no explanation.

He had been staring at the sphere because he sensed a faint, familiar aura from it.

After carefully discerning it, he realized this familiar sensation originated from the Rift-World Whales that roamed outside the Immortal-Severing Formation in the future.

"The Rift-World Whales that Xu Ke and I found before were clearly different from those I encountered later."

"Not only in size, but more importantly, according to Empire records, the later Rift-World Whales could reproduce simply by absorbing void energy."

"Only this trait could allow them to thrive in the vast void, multiplying to an extent that they could separate small worlds from the Xuanhuang Realm."

"The ones we found before obviously lacked this ability."

"But this little guy..."

Li Fan pondered.

It seemed the Beast-Taming Sect had crossbred the Rift-World Whales with this spherical creature to cultivate a new subspecies that met the desired criteria.

"So all this work has still been because of Mr. Bai’s mission?"

Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a bit confused.

This adventure in the Immortal-Fallen Realm was dragging on.

Even now, he hadn’t figured out the attachment sustaining this time-space segment.

Nor had he found a way to break it.

However, Li Fan had a feeling. Maybe returning to the Beast-Taming Sect would reveal the answer.

The journey back from Nanming to the Beast-Taming Sect was long.

About halfway there, the time in the Immortal-Fallen Realm ran out.

With a dizzying flash, Li Fan returned to reality.

"The Emperor One Beast..."

Recalling the Immortal-Fallen Realm events, a question crept into Li Fan’s mind.

Did the beast tribe later succeed in relocating completely?

If they had, such a massive undertaking couldn’t have escaped the notice of cultivators at the time.

And if there were a precedent for escaping, the cultivators would surely have tried to emulate it.

They would have attempted various methods to shatter time and space, to break free of the Xuanhuang Realm.

"The Grand Dao Sect once had three Longevity-stage cultivators hidden away. Not to mention the other sects; the Xuanhuang Realm was not lacking in Longevity-level cultivators."

"Yet they’ve all disappeared now. Maybe, some of them left back then."

Li Fan suddenly remembered Emperor One’s words.

"Within the beast tribes, there were many divisions on whether to leave the Xuanhuang Realm altogether."

"And even more so among us human cultivators."

"For each who wanted to leave, there were others who wished to stay."

It was simply a matter of personal choice when faced with the unprecedented catastrophe of heaven and earth.

Li Fan pondered.

---

Back in the real world from the Immortal-Fallen Realm, the foundation ceremony for Congyun Immortal City was about to begin.

As agreed, Zhou Kebao brought over the Immortal City abode.

"Fellow Daoist, behold!"

He extended his right hand, revealing a miniature city radiating five-colored light.

Its appearance was identical to the Immortal Cities in each state of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

"There’s no room to display it here. Please, follow me," Zhou Kebao said with a smile, handing over a white jade statue in the form of a exquisite pagoda.

"This is…" Li Fan examined the small object, finding it somewhat familiar.

"This is the key to the Advance Realm. Simply use it as the core of the formation, and you’ll be able to enter the Advance Realm as planned," Zhou Kebao explained.

"I see." Li Fan, who had once rented the White Bone Advance Realm and deceived many from outer realm, was naturally familiar with this.

After a brief pause, he activated the ritual with the Exquisite Pagoda statue in hand.

Following a faint dizziness, Li Fan opened his eyes again, finding himself in a heavenly palace amidst clouds.

In addition to Zhou Kebao, a group of cultivators had been waiting for some time.

"An honor to finally meet you, Daoist Li. A true privilege for us all!"

"Haha, Daoist Li, I guess we can say we've become acquaintances in a unique way!"

Seeing Li Fan, they warmly came forward to greet him.

Li Fan responded with a smile.

"All right, let’s allow Daoist Li to inspect the goods," one of them, a square-faced cultivator with a naturally authoritative presence, said.

Zhou Kebao nodded, then controlled the Immortal City abode, expanding it to its full size.

In an instant, an immense floating city appeared above the palace.

"Daoist Li, please!"

With that, Zhou Kebao led the way into the suspended city.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 540


"Fellow Daoist Li, please proceed!"

The square-faced cultivator stepped forward, speaking to Li Fan in a deep tone.

Earlier, when Li Fan had eavesdropped on this group discussing their plans, he had overheard from Zhou Kebao that this man’s surname was Long.

In their group, he seemed to naturally hold a leadership position.

Furthermore, on the contract that Zhou Kebao had signed, only one person with the surname Long had left his name.

Thus, Li Fan was able to determine the identity of the cultivator before him.

Long Yueyou.

The surname Long was not exactly common.

Back when he was in Tianquan Prefecture, Li Fan had heard of the famed Long Clan at the Heavenly Pole Institute of the Extreme Heaven Sovereign.

Although not as prominent as the Tantai clan, which had high-ranking elders in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, the Long clan was very cohesive, with its members spread throughout the Alliance.Even though most of them held basic positions, when united, they were a force not to be underestimated.

Whether Long Yueyou was connected to that Long clan was still unclear to Li Fan.

This thought flashed through his mind, but Li Fan pretended not to recognize Long Yueyou and asked, "And who might this be?"

Long Yueyou gave a slight, proud smile but did not speak. Instead, one of his followers quickly introduced him to Li Fan.

Just as Li Fan had guessed.

"An honor! Truly an honor!" Li Fan clasped his hands in greeting, feigning surprise.

Internally, however, Li Fan’s evaluation of Long Yueyou had already dropped by a few notches.

Long Yueyou nodded as a response.

Li Fan didn’t mind and, surrounded by cultivators, followed Zhou Kebao as they flew into the suspended city in the sky.

The protective formation had not been activated, allowing free movement throughout the city.

This was the first time Li Fan had an overhead view of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s Immortal city.

The perspective was different, lending a unique flavor to the experience.

Zhou Kebao began explaining the various facilities within the city to Li Fan.

Li Fan could see that this Immortal city’s cave estate was indeed almost identical to the usual city layouts of the Immortal Alliance.

After a tour of each building, Li Fan nodded in satisfaction.

When the time seemed right, Zhou Kebao took out a seven-colored command token and handed it over.

"This is the control hub for this cave estate. Just refine it with your blood, and you’ll be able to control the city’s formations at will."

"In addition to the standard functions that every Immortal city has, we added special features based on your requirements, such as long-distance teleportation, illusion mirages, and the virtual mustard seed storage function."

"Of course, you can also distribute certain control permissions of the cave estate to other cultivators."

…

Zhou Kebao diligently showcased the strengths of this Immortal city cave estate to Li Fan and even offered helpful reminders.

"Long-distance teleportation requires a lot of energy. Besides premium spirit stones, you’ll need resources like [Void Splitting Sand] and [Fixed Orbit Mystical Crystal], which are rare and quite expensive in the market. If you need, you can get them from us at a reasonable price." Zhou Kebao whispered, causing a round of chuckles from the cultivators around.

"By the way, there’s something important to note. Long-distance teleportation requires precise spatial coordinates of the destination. Otherwise, minor location errors are manageable, but if it sends you into endless void, that would be a problem." Zhou Kebao added gravely.

Li Fan nodded in acknowledgment.

"Lastly, the self-destruction function you specifically requested." Zhou Kebao's tone grew slightly tense.

"We put in a lot of effort to accommodate this request."

"During the city’s construction, we embedded special materials capable of triggering [Silent Obliteration Thunder]."

"Additionally, since this Immortal city cave estate was crafted using the artifact refinement method, it has a self-destruct feature for offensive purposes."

Zhou Kebao paused.

"Our calculations show that if this cave estate were to explode suddenly, even a Dao Integration cultivator would be severely injured without precautions."

At these words, the surroundings fell silent.

All the cultivators present, including Long Yueyou, glanced at Li Fan with strange expressions.

However, none asked further.

After all, as Li Fan himself had said, he had been ambushed by a spy from the Five Elders Association and possessed significant wealth. Carrying such a powerful weapon for self-defense was quite reasonable.

Whatever Li Fan’s true intentions, as long as they sold the Immortal city to him and received their contribution points, it was enough.

At most, they would avoid crossing paths with him unnecessarily in the future.

This was the shared thought among Zhou Kebao and the others.

The cultivators, amidst awkward laughter, let the matter pass without further discussion.

Once Li Fan completed the contribution point transaction, he refined the seven-colored control token of the cave estate in front of everyone.

Looking down at the vast city below, he felt an empowering sense of control.

Simultaneously, the methods of activating various functions surfaced in his mind.

With a thought, the Immortal city cave estate transformed into a small bead of light and entered Li Fan's dantian.

"What a treasure!"

Li Fan clapped, clearly impressed.

"If you ever need anything else, you’re always welcome."

"As long as you have enough contribution points, anything is possible," Zhou Kebao replied with a big smile.

"Then I’ll surely have to trouble you all often!" Li Fan said, glancing around with a smile, drawing a round of laughter.

After a few more polite exchanges, Li Fan took his leave, using the nearing completion of Congyun City as an excuse for his busy schedule.

"This man is truly daring; if avoidable, best not to make an enemy of him." Long Yueyou said, watching Li Fan’s fading figure.

"Indeed, no ordinary cultivator would carry such a terrifying weapon. If he ever loses his mind and detonates it in a Immortal city somewhere…"

"Tsk, tsk…"

"Ancient cultivators are unpredictable. If he really had anything against our Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, then it would be strange."

"Anyway, we got our contribution points, and it’s none of our business," they all joked and laughed.

—

At Congyun Sea.

Li Fan inspected the Immortal city cave estate resting peacefully in his dantian, feeling much more secure.

With this destructive power for self-defense, along with the [Ten Thousand Essence Blood] in the [Truth] bonded space, Li Fan felt confident that he now had enough power to deter even Dao Integration cultivators.

As for Zhou Kebao and the others, whether they’d left any hidden triggers in the estate didn’t bother Li Fan.

After all, its fate was already sealed.

Before his identity as "Li Fan, an ancient Heavenly mechanism's Sect cultivator" disappeared, this cave estate would shine one last, brilliant display within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s territory.

Different future scenarios flashed in his mind, and he let out a cold smile.

Settling his thoughts, Li Fan then headed back to the Dust Crossing Boat, requesting to see the Lord Diyi Jinglun before the official Congyun City foundation ceremony.

"Young Master Jinglun, after months of hard work, the Alliance mission is complete. I’ve also carried out the tasks you assigned."

"You see…"

Li Fan spoke tactfully, confident that the perceptive Diyi Jinglun would understand the meaning behind his words.

Frowning as he reviewed the glowing, shifting documents on his desk, the Diyi Jinglun didn’t even look up.

"Don’t worry, the Alliance never shortchanges those who contribute."

"The appropriate reward has been decided. Originally, I intended to announce it at the foundation ceremony, but since you’re in such a hurry, take a look."

Diyi Jinglun tapped the desk lightly, and a beam of light shot towards Li Fan.

Unable to dodge, the light entered his body, and an announcement appeared in his mind.

"This is to commend Li Fan, Acting Island Lord of Congyun Island, for his diligence and exceptional efforts in supervising the construction of Congyun City."

"We hereby promote him to the position of [Secret Envoy] of Congyun City’s Administrative Hall, with full authority over all governmental affairs in the absence of the Island Lord."

"In addition, we award him a contribution of 100,000 points and an A-rank superior merit."

...

"Heh, ‘the Alliance never shortchanges those who contribute’—I’ve heard that one before."

"But the reward for this mission truly lives up to those words."

Li Fan thought to himself.

Upon carefully reviewing the order from the Administrative Hall, he found that his upcoming position as a [Secret Envoy] granted substantial authority.

In reality, within the actual operations of regional governance, many matters were ultimately decided by these Secret Envoys of the Bureau of Governance. Only special events that reached a certain level required approval from the City Lord of the Immortal City.

After all, in a single state, there are countless minor affairs, and if the City Lord had to personally address everything, no matter how trivial, even several clones might not suffice to manage it all. Moreover, the City Lords of the various Immortal Cities are often at the Soul Transformation level of cultivation.

At this level, who wouldn’t aspire to go further and achieve Dao Integration?

One must understand that once one steps into the realm of Dao Integration, their status becomes entirely different from that of a Soul Transformation cultivator.

In a smaller sense, one would become the true ruler of a single state; on a larger scale, they could be transferred to the core of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, reaching the center of power in the near future.

Therefore, they must ensure ample time for cultivation.

As an aide to the City Lord, the Secret Envoy helps shoulder the burden of handling administrative matters. Generally, a single state will have three to five Secret Envoys.

However, the situation in Congyun Sea is unique.

The upper echelon has been temporarily reassigned elsewhere by a single command, while almost all of the mid- and lower-level cultivators were captured in a single sweep by the Five Elders Association.

To expedite the operations of the newly rebuilt Congyun City, the Bureau of Governance headquarters has, for the time being, appointed only one Secret Envoy, while also granting Li Fan extensive authority.

He now has the right to recommend candidates for one-third of the vacant positions. As for the remaining posts, they will soon be filled by cultivators transferred from other states.

“With both Immortal Lords Hongxi and Ziyun of the Soul Transformation stage absent, it can be said that I am solely in charge of Congyun City.”

“These past few months of relentless effort were well worth it,” Li Fan thought, his face revealing excitement.

“Thank you, Young Master, for your support! From now on, I shall serve you with unwavering loyalty, repaying your kindness!”

Li Fan vowed with conviction.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 541


For Li Fan's pledge of unwavering loyalty, the Diyi Jinglun merely gave a noncommittal nod.

"Go on now. Prepare well for the inauguration ceremony. No mistakes are permitted," he said indifferently, eyes still focused on the documents before him.

Li Fan bowed deeply and took his leave.

Back at his temporary quarters, he summoned Gao Yuan.

"Lord City Master, you called for me?" Gao Yuan greeted him with a flattering smile, bowing deeply.

"The reward from the Alliance Headquarters has arrived. I will assume the post of ‘Secret Envoy of the Administrative Hall.’ From now on, address me accordingly," Li Fan replied coolly, mirroring the tone of the Diyi Jinglun.

Gao Yuan was stunned for a moment. Before he could react, Li Fan continued, "The Immortal City’s reconstruction is ongoing, with many tasks left unfinished. With Lords Hongxi and Ziyun away, I will temporarily assume full responsibility over all affairs in Congyun Sea."

Gao Yuan, finally regaining his composure, could barely contain his delight and said repeatedly, "Congratulations, Lord Secret Envoy! Everyone has witnessed your competence over these past six months. With you overseeing matters, the cultivators of Congyun Sea are indeed fortunate!"

"My lord, you might not be aware, but every cultivator I’ve encountered has nothing but admiration and faith in your abilities."

…Li Fan smiled knowingly.

Though aware of Gao Yuan's flattery, who doesn't enjoy hearing praise?

Waving a hand to interrupt Gao Yuan's enthusiastic speech, Li Fan took a thin sheet of paper from his sleeve and handed it over.

"This is a list of cultivators ranked roughly by their contributions to the reconstruction of Congyun City."

"Of the available positions in the new city, I hold one-third of the nomination quotas. Aside from those cultivators who pledged allegiance on the first day, several positions remain vacant. Review the list and see who is suitable," Li Fan instructed, hands folded behind his back.

The list in Gao Yuan's hand, though thin as cicada wings, felt as heavy as a mountain. His hands trembled, and his breathing grew rapid.

This was why he had sworn loyalty to Li Fan—to reach this day, to wield the power to shape others’ fates with a single word.

Recognizing this as Li Fan's final test for him, Gao Yuan took a deep breath to steady himself.

Scanning the names, he quickly formulated a plan.

"Of these cultivators, I recommend Fang Weihou first. Though only a Golden Core cultivator, he's diligent and meticulous. Every task assigned to him over the past six months has been completed flawlessly ahead of schedule. What's more, he has no family background and has advanced purely on his own."

"And this cultivator, Jia Jun, is highly capable as well..."

Gao Yuan spoke fluently and with confidence.

The past six months had not been idle for him.

Though he seemed to wander aimlessly each day, his watchful eyes took in the actions of every cultivator.

Li Fan silently matched Gao Yuan's evaluations against scenes from his memory stone, which had recorded and monitored these cultivators' actions over the past half-year.

After making a detailed comparison, he nodded slowly.

For someone who had stood guard at the Administrative Hall for so long, Gao Yuan's judgment of people was indeed exceptional.

Even Li Fan had to admit that he might not have done better.

"Excellent," Li Fan finally praised.

"I have all I need," he said, gesturing with his finger. A dozen names on the list in Gao Yuan's hand were circled.

"Inform these individuals in advance so they can prepare themselves mentally. Tomorrow's ceremony must go without a hitch," Li Fan instructed.

Gao Yuan nodded solemnly, accepted the command, and departed.

---

The Next Day

The Immortal City of Congyun hovered high in the sky. From afar, the glow of its protective barrier shimmered, clearly activated.

Almost every cultivator from Congyun Sea had gathered below, gazing up at the newly built city with a mix of wonder and reflection.

Amidst the expectant crowd, Li Fan stepped forward, riding on a Soul Transformation puppet.

"Welcome, Lord of the Island!"

Some cultivators below suddenly shouted in unison.

Li Fan smiled and waved a hand. "Today, the reconstruction of Congyun Immortal City is officially complete, and my role as Acting Island Lord ends here."

"Fellow Daoists, from now on, please address me differently."

Looking up at Congyun City in the sky, he sighed, "For all of you to unite and rebuild this city within half a year is no easy feat. I am honored to be a part of this achievement!"

"Fellow Daoists, please allow me to salute you!"

With that, Li Fan actually bowed deeply to the crowd of cultivators.

This caused a stir among the Congyun Sea cultivators.

Some looked panicked and hastily returned the salute.

Others accepted it calmly, feeling it was only proper.

And, of course, many simply watched, amused by what they saw as a mere show.

But just as Li Fan straightened and prepared to speak again...

From the distant horizon, a streak of light shot toward them.

"Acting Island Lord of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Li Fan, hear your command!"

A thin cultivator, clad in the Immortal Alliance's official attire, appeared, holding a yellow scroll with a solemn expression.

Though he spoke quietly, his words boomed like thunder, reaching every cultivator present.

In an instant, silence fell around the Immortal City.

"Here it is!" Li Fan moved forward, unhurriedly bowing slightly.

"To Acting Island Lord Li Fan of Congyun Island, who has worked tirelessly to supervise the reconstruction of Congyun City, commendations are bestowed."

…

Just as he had seen the previous day in the presence of the Lord Jinglun.

But this time, as the representative from the Alliance’s Administrative Hall officially proclaimed the commendation, the scroll transformed into a golden glow that shot toward Li Fan.

As it neared him, the golden light turned into a close-fitting black robe, which automatically draped itself over him.

Intricate patterns woven in gold adorned the robe, exuding an aura of prestige.

"Congratulations, Lord Secret Envoy!"

As Li Fan donned the robe, a group of cultivators in the crowd—having arranged this beforehand—shouted together.

Some of the quicker-witted cultivators now realized that, just like Li Fan's appointment as Acting Island Lord, this too had likely been prearranged.

Only they had been left in the dark.

Those who had previously ignored Li Fan’s gesture of respect now looked regretful.

In a bid to make amends, after a moment of silence, they joined in the cheering.

"Congratulations, Lord Secret Envoy!"

After a second round of cheers, more joined in.

Eventually, even those who had remained silent were pressured to join the chorus.

The collective cheers of "Congratulations, Lord Secret Envoy!" echoed through the Congyun Sea, spreading in all directions.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 542


The cheers of the cultivators continued until Li Fan flew to Congyun City and personally opened the entrance to the protective formation. Only then did the celebration gradually quiet down.

"Everyone, from this day onward, this will be our new home," Li Fan said with a smile.

The cultivators all responded in agreement.

"All the facilities on the island are as they were, including the teleportation formation and the Tianxuan Mirror. Feel free to explore them; there’s no need for further explanation," Li Fan announced loudly.

Some cultivators could hardly wait and began leaving immediately.

Seeing this, Li Fan smiled slightly and suddenly spoke again, “The following friends, please come with me to the Administrative Hall.”

“Zheng Hao, Gao Yuan, Zhou Qingang…”

“Fang Weihou…”

“Jia Jun…”

Li Fan listed over a hundred names in one breath, as if reciting a menu.The cultivators who had initially intended to leave stopped in their tracks, realizing something important was happening. Their faces were tense, listening attentively.

Those called were overjoyed, while those who were not didn’t dare show discontent, only casting envious looks at those chosen.

Having secured Li Fan, who was officially a Secret Envoy but effectively the acting Island Lord, they saw a boundless future.

After speaking, Li Fan led a grand procession of over a hundred people to the Administrative Hall at the center of the city.

Only the cultivators left behind exchanged thoughts silently.

“What’s so impressive about him? The rise and fall of fortune is uncertain. Don’t forget, if the Lord Hongxi returns to the Island, it could all come to nothing for Li Fan.”

“I wouldn’t be so sure. The Secret Envoy clearly has strong backing. Otherwise, there’s no way he’d be granted authority over an entire region.”

“Isn’t that obvious? How many ordinary cultivators could subdue a Soul Transformation puppet? Even if the Island Lord Hongxi and Ziyun returned, they’d have to treat the Secret Envoy with respect. Fellow Daoist Zhu, I suggest you recognize the situation before provoking the Secret Envoy.”

“Hmph! You may fear him, but I, Zhu Yongshou, do not fear Li Fan!”

Similar conversations echoed throughout Congyun City.

It’s impossible to be liked by everyone. Li Fan was no exception.

However, Li Fan was entirely unconcerned with the opinions of the Congyun Sea cultivators.

At that moment, he began assigning positions to fill vacancies, then reported the personnel appointments to the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance for approval.

After a full day’s work, Li Fan finally had a moment of rest.

Thanks to the help of assistants like He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan, managing city affairs was much easier.

Sitting in a specially prepared room within the Administrative Hall, Li Fan closed his eyes slightly, sensing the different degrees of cultivation feedback flowing from his dantian.

A look of mild surprise crossed his face.

“I didn’t expect some of my people to break through so quickly?”

“Most of these individuals came from humble backgrounds in Congyun Sea. Following me for the past six months, they finally attained their dreams, advancing not only within the Immortal Alliance system but also securing substantial positions.”

“Given their excitement, breakthroughs in cultivation are natural.”

“As they say, ‘When one rises, those around them rise as well.’ All of them have received my assistance and favor.”

“This has resulted in feedback cultivation through the ‘Mountain Sitting Technique’.”

“And this feedback…”

Li Fan carefully sensed it, feeling increasingly delighted.

“Though not as potent as the merit gained from teaching a technique, it’s still akin to rebirth.”

“And this path of cultivation is safer and more discreet than spreading techniques. It’s also protected by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s system, legitimizing the process.”

“I may only be a mid-level Secret Envoy, with no strong foundation.”

“But if I were the ruler of a region, with disciples and former aides spread throughout the Alliance…”

“The benefits are unimaginable!”

Li Fan’s eyes sparkled as he realized he’d discovered a promising new cultivation path.

“As long as I hold the Secret Envoy position, I can swiftly advance my cultivation through these hundreds of loyal followers.”

“I can even consider forming a Nascent Soul.”

“The Five Elements Great Cave Heaven…”

Thinking of his initial goal, Li Fan frowned slightly.

This life’s trajectory had far surpassed his expectations, diverging from the events of his past life in many ways.

The battle in Tianling Province that forced the Five Elements Great Cave Heaven to relocate might not happen at all.

However, without a war between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association, it would be extremely difficult for Li Fan to achieve anything under the radar.

"Training troops for a thousand days, to use them in a single moment."

“It’s time for you to take the stage again, Daoist Zhou Qingang.”

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan smiled, focusing his attention on Zhou Qingang.

At that moment, Zhou Qingang was surrounded by a group of cultivators.

It was clear to any observer that Zhou Qingang, with his close relationship to He Zhenghao and his favored position with Li Fan, was on the path to rapid advancement.

If one didn’t seize the opportunity to establish good relations with him now, then when?

As a result, numerous cultivators kept visiting and offering gifts.

It took “Zhou Qingang” a good deal of effort to finally extricate himself.

Late at night, he slipped out of Congyun City, heading towards the meeting point.

——

“Administrative Hall, Inspector of Surveillance. Chief, how about this position?”

“It grants significant authority, allowing one to patrol all four corners of the region and deal harshly with any unlawful acts.”

“Far more imposing than merely guarding a small island!”

Zhou Qingang spoke to the stone face on the shattered rock, looking smug.

“And now, all the secrets I couldn’t access before are within easy reach. I’ve truly infiltrated the enemy’s core!”

“Chief?”

“Hm? Why aren’t you responding, Chief?”

Seeing no reaction from his counterpart, “Zhou Qingang” felt something was amiss.

An ominous feeling crept into Li Fan’s heart.

He fell silent as well.

After a long while, the stone face finally spoke, its voice cold and filled with murderous intent.

“You are not Zhou Qingang. Who are you?”

Li Fan’s heart sank.

However, he continued to feign confusion, saying with a hint of surprise, “Chief, what are you talking about? Look at this face of mine—absolutely genuine!”

“How could you doubt me, given my merits for the organization?”

“Those entry test questions for the Immortal Alliance, the classified information on the Union of Xuan-huang…”

Zhou Qingang recounted his accomplishments with an air of grievance.

“So, you replaced him much earlier than I thought…”

“Impressive!”

The stone face showed no signs of being swayed by Li Fan’s arguments. Its tone was as cold as ice.

The previously flustered “Zhou Qingang” suddenly grew calm, as if transformed into someone else, and asked quietly, “Oh? What was my flaw?”

“Hmph!”

The stone face sneered, “Your disguise is flawless, but you overlooked one crucial detail.”

“When Zhou Qingang first accepted the infiltration mission into the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, he was given a final directive.”

“If he were to secure a significant position within the Alliance, he was to immediately sever all ties with us.”

“To remain entirely hidden, avoiding any contact with us to prevent exposure, until he was needed for a critical operation…”

“So, the fact that you came to contact me right after your appointment proves you are not the real Zhou Qingang.”

The stone face’s voice was low and severe.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 543


"Is that so?" Li Fan nodded slightly, his face as calm as still water, but there was a faint tone of regret in his voice. "A minor oversight, not a sin of war."

“Hmph, the fact that you deceived us for so long… truly, quite a skill!” The face on the smooth broken stone appeared and disappeared, indicating a significant inner turmoil.

"I should have noticed something amiss much earlier. For someone as mediocre as Zhou Qingang to achieve so many feats within just a few years..."

"Initially, I was blinded by his abundant successes, thinking he’d somehow defied fate and changed his fortune."

"But in retrospect, a single instance can be chalked up to luck. However, for it to happen time and again, with fortune so overwhelmingly in his favor..."

“Hmph, he’s hardly someone destined by heaven," the face remarked with a hint of remorse, staring intently at Li Fan, searching for any sign of smugness.

But Li Fan’s expression remained completely unchanged, not even the slightest hint of unease after his identity had been repeatedly exposed. This, in turn, left the face on the stone in a state of doubt, and he gradually fell silent.

The undersea ruins grew quiet.

After a moment, unable to contain himself, the face asked in a grave tone, “Who exactly are you?!”

"Entry exams for the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, the events on Ten Thousand Immortal Island the day it was sealed...""These are absolute secrets that only someone in a high position within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance could know. For you to betray all of this for a few contribution points..."

“Is it to gain our trust and infiltrate us in reverse?”

After a round of careful deduction, the face concluded that Li Fan was one of their own.

"Relax. I’m no spy from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance," Li Fan replied calmly. "Quite the opposite, actually; my goals align with yours and those of the Five Elders Association."

“We both seek…”

“To annihilate the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance!”

"What?" Although Li Fan’s tone was light, to the face, it landed like a thunderbolt.

“You…” The face seemed stunned, gazing at Li Fan in disbelief.

A moment later, he regained his composure but was filled with skepticism. "Trying to fool me again, are you?"

Li Fan, ignoring the reaction, continued, “The Immortal Alliance is tyrannical, treating all cultivators like cattle, exploiting them at will. It may appear that the Alliance’s rule is unbreakable and that all beings submit, yet…”

Li Fan’s tone shifted, sharp and proud. “We cultivators walk the path of defiance against heaven. We fear not the heavens, so why would we fear the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance?”

"Among all beings, there will always be those who would rather die than submit, who would prefer death on the battlefield over being herded like livestock!"

"Give me liberty, or give me death!"

…

The conviction in his words was so powerful that even the face on the opposite side couldn’t help but be moved.

At that moment, Li Fan’s tone shifted again. “However, the Alliance is mighty. Acting recklessly without a sound strategy would be akin to suicide.”

“We may not fear death, but neither do we wish to waste our lives meaninglessly without achieving anything.”

“So…” Li Fan cast a meaningful look at the face on the stone.

Hearing this, the face on the stone fell silent, seemingly deep in thought. "So, you’ve set your sights on us, the Five Elders Association?”

Li Fan admitted frankly, “Indeed. Judging by current intelligence, your Five Elders Association isn’t exactly noble either. But, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.”

He continued without hesitation, “Or perhaps, when two tigers fight, one must fall. We’ll let you tear each other apart, fight to the death, and when the dust settles, we’ll emerge to restore the heavens and rebuild the world!”

The face on the stone almost appeared to hear the most absurd thing in the world, too disdainful even to mock, simply scoffing, “So, a bunch of lunatics, then.”

Li Fan didn’t mind, replying earnestly, “When the legendary Immortal Ancestor of Dao Transmission' sought to establish a new order and change the world, the majority of people back then must have also considered him a complete madman.”

“After all, the strict rule of the Ten Great Immortal Sects back then was in no way inferior to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance today.”

“And where are those Ten Great Immortal Sects now?”

“If the Immortal Ancestor could achieve that, who’s to say we, the Heaven-Suppressing Society…”

Seemingly catching himself, Li Fan paused, then corrected, “...who’s to say we couldn’t do the same?”

The face squinted, casting a long look at Li Fan without further comment.

“In a way, you could say we’re natural allies at this point, don’t you think?” Li Fan continued.

“In fact, with our current strategy, we don’t have any plans to oppose your Five Elders Association.”

“We mean no harm, as you can see from the intelligence I provided earlier. If we’d intended to hinder you in secret, we could have easily caused you a substantial loss without you even realizing it.”

"Approaching you through Zhou Qingang’s identity was a necessity. In the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s domain, neither of us could afford to be exposed. If someone had approached you directly, you would’ve thought your cover was blown and vanished immediately.”

"Heh, people like you, I know all too well."

“Speaking of Zhou Qingang, I just remembered. He’s still alive. I could even consider sending him back to you.”

Li Fan spoke fluently, as if reciting a monologue.

However, the face on the stone didn’t look too pleased. “That fool can die on his own.”

After a pause, suppressing his anger, the face asked in a deep voice, “So, you’re telling us all this because you want to cooperate?”

Li Fan chuckled, responding with a question, “Why ask when you already know? Realizing that Zhou Qingang’s cover was blown, you didn’t cut off communications immediately but instead kept chatting for this long. Isn’t it because you’re uncertain of my identity and still interested in the confidential information I might provide?”

“Surely, the spies of the Five Elders Association aren’t this idle?”

The face sneered but did not refute, tacitly acknowledging Li Fan’s words.

"Good, since we’re being forthright, let’s speak plainly. We’ve recently acquired new top-secret information," Li Fan said, watching the face’s reaction.

As expected, the face showed a slight change in color, and a hint of desire flashed in his eyes.

“To him, it doesn’t matter if I’m truly Zhou Qingang or a real agent of the Five Elders Association. What matters is whether I can provide secrets about the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance,” Li Fan thought to himself, as clear as a mirror.

“No spy wants to keep this identity forever. To achieve glorious feats and retire with honor, free from fear, living a peaceful life—that’s their dream.”

“And I… can help him achieve that.”

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 544


While his mind was racing, Li Fan didn’t stop speaking.

He said with a solemn expression, “This matter is extremely important. Based on our assessment, its significance surpasses even that of the ‘Tianxuan Spirit Lock’ and the unification prophecy of the ‘Xuan-huang.’”

He paused, glancing at the stony face of his counterpart, whose composure had clearly been shaken. Li Fan smiled subtly and continued, “If we let the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance complete this unchallenged, it could completely tip the power balance between your Five Elders Association and the Immortal Alliance.”

“The strength between the Five Elders Association and the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance has always been on par. However, because of the presence of the Immortal Ancestor, the Immortal Alliance has had a slight upper hand. If the Immortal Alliance's power were to increase further, the Five Elders Association might forever remain underfoot, unable to regain ground.”

“This is something we don’t want to see,” Li Fan stated frankly.

“That’s why I’m here to find you so urgently. I understand that frequent communication from a spy to superiors may raise suspicion. However, the situation is pressing, and I had no choice but to reach out this way.” He sighed, shaking his head.

“Is this true?” The face in the stone grew even more serious. He didn’t believe Li Fan would deceive him on such a matter; surely, he must have some solid evidence.

But more important than the prophecy of ‘Xuan-huang’?

That was difficult to believe. Since he was the first to report the prophecy within their organization, the Five Elders Association had been taking significant action.

His superiors had also treated him more kindly, even promising that if he could perform a similar deed again, he could retire honorably from the front lines, redeem his soul contract, and become a “free cultivator”—the most enviable status among the Five Elders Association....

This illustrated the depth of the secrets tied to the unification prophecy. Yet now, this mysterious cultivator, hiding behind the guise of Zhou Qingang, claimed to know of something even more critical?

His heart pounded wildly, an unfamiliar sensation.

Could this be his chance to change his destiny?

“What is it?” he asked impatiently.

Li Fan held up one finger. “The usual price—ten million contribution points.”

Before the stone face could reply, Li Fan explained, “The development of any organization requires ample funding.”

“Though we too wish to prevent the Ten Thousand Immortals from becoming dominant, and you from losing your power balance, our first priority is to ensure our own survival and growth.”

“Don’t think it’s too much. Since you were willing to pay ten million contribution points last time…”

“Believe me, this time it’s worth it.”

Li Fan looked at the stone face earnestly. “Go on and request it from your superiors. I’ll wait here for your answer.”

After hesitating briefly, the face vanished from the stone.

Li Fan stood still, closed his eyes, and waited.

About the time it would take to burn an incense stick later, the face reappeared. “They approved it. How will we proceed with the transaction?”

Li Fan opened his eyes. “Soon, Li Fan, the Secret Envoy of Congyun Sea, will relaunch the contribution collection.”

“All you need to do is transfer the ten million contribution points to He Zhenghao, who will be in charge of the collection, within three months.”

“Hm… let’s use the alias Han Wuyou,” Li Fan suggested.

“Wuyou?” The face reacted with surprise, shaking his head quickly. “Better use a different name. That one is a bit… sensitive.”

Li Fan fell silent for a moment.

“Alright, let’s go with Liu Yihang,” he said.

“That’ll do. Now, about what you mentioned earlier…”

Before the face could finish, Li Fan interrupted.

“There’s no time to waste. Since you've agreed, I can tell you now.”

“But if you plan to renege on this over a mere ten million contribution points…” Li Fan chuckled darkly, “then we’ll know we misjudged you. The Five Elders Association isn’t fit to contend with the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.”

“Consider this piece of information a free gift from us.”

“I trust you’ll make the right choice.”

Li Fan pressed his hands on the smooth stone and transmitted the carefully crafted information through secret arts.

“There are four more hidden cave heaven, beyond the Wood Elemental Cave Heaven?”

“They form a Five Elements formation, and each cave heaven is filled with abundant resources, resembling a complete new world?!” The face exclaimed in astonishment after a moment.

“Remember, within three months, ten million contribution points.” Li Fan reminded him in a timely manner, snapping the face out of his shocked state.

Without waiting for a response, Li Fan slammed his hand down, shattering the stone into dust.

Then, he thoroughly destroyed the underwater ruins, erasing all traces, before swaggering back to Congyun City.

Meanwhile, back in the administration hall, Li Fan’s true self stood up.

“If nothing goes wrong, the Five Elders Association will certainly not sit idle now that they know of the Five Elements Cave-Heaven’ existence.”

“Most likely, as in my past life, they’ll send Dao Integration cultivators to launch a raid on the Five Elements Cave Heaven.”

“The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance will likely respond fiercely, setting the stage for a massive battle.”

“I remember that in my previous life, the battle was brutal once it reached a deadlock. Every state’s Nascent Soul cultivators were pulled to the battlefield in Tianling State.”

“The death toll of cultivators was staggering. Though I officially have only a Golden Core cultivation, I did manage to kill several Nascent Soul cultivators. Given my true combat strength, it’s quite likely I’d be drafted.”

“The Tianling State battlefield… it’s best to keep my distance.”

With that in mind, Li Fan immediately summoned Gao Yuan and He Zhenghao and announced two things.

First, he claimed he felt an enormous, rare opportunity approaching. As the ruler of Congyun Sea, he was committed to ensuring the prosperity of all its cultivators, so he decided to relaunch the contribution collection plan.

This time, the upper limit of fundraising would be…

One hundred million.

Upon hearing this, He Zhenghao’s eyes widened in shock, frozen for a long moment.

Meanwhile, Gao Yuan looked at Li Fan with a fervent gaze.

Before they could regain composure, Li Fan announced the second matter.

The upcoming contribution collection was critical and had to be handled flawlessly.

So, effective immediately, he would enter deep seclusion.

All channels of communication would be closed to prevent any disturbances.

He would not emerge until everything was ready.

“This…” Hearing these seemingly contradictory orders, Gao Yuan and He Zhenghao frowned slightly, puzzled.

However, Gao Yuan reacted quickly and bowed. “As you command, my lord.”

“You can trust us—we won’t let you down!”

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 545


He Zhenghao glanced at Gao Yuan briefly, then quickly expressed his loyalty to Li Fan.

Li Fan was noncommittal. He simply took out two small metallic figurines, somewhat resembling himself, from his storage ring and handed one to each of them.

“These are Divine Spirit Jade Slip. Each contains a fragment of my divine consciousness, similar to a partial clone.”

“While I am in seclusion, I will sever all contact with the outside world. If there’s ever an urgent situation, you may use this to reach me.”

Li Fan’s tone was calm as he spoke.

Gao Yuan and He Zhenghao carefully put the metallic figurines away, feeling both honored and slightly overwhelmed.

The Divine Spirit Jade Slip was not unfamiliar to them. Cultivators usually entrusted such artifacts only to the closest and most trusted of disciples, using it as a personal tool for teaching and guidance.

For Lord Envoy to entrust us with something so significant—it truly shows his complete trust in us!

Feeling deeply moved, Gao Yuan and He Zhenghao bowed in gratitude once again.

“You may go,” Li Fan said expressionlessly with a slight nod, effectively dismissing them.---

In the Bureau of Administration’s council chamber, He Zhenghao was organizing the list of relevant cultivators.

Since Li Fan suddenly announced the temporary suspension of the contribution-gathering initiative, many cultivators who had hesitated and chosen to wait on the sidelines were filled with regret.

After all, Li Fan’s funding initiative had already run for several phases. Each time, the contributions were returned with interest as scheduled, and sometimes even early. The feared scenario of Li Fan taking the funds and disappearing had never occurred.

These previously doubtful cultivators had gradually started to trust Li Fan, especially now that they had heard he’d been appointed Acting Island Lord of the Immortal Alliance.

The responsibility for handling the contributions rested with He Zhenghao, which led cultivators of all types to approach him with small tokens of goodwill, requesting that if Li Fan resumed the initiative, he would prioritize them.

If even the observers were acting this way, then it was no surprise that those who had reaped benefits in the earlier rounds had long since spoken to He Zhenghao.

“Initially, I was worried that there’d be too many people and I wouldn’t be able to manage it all. But now, with a billion contribution points, there’s plenty for everyone.” He Zhenghao grinned as he listed names and began sending out messages.

“Fellow Daoist, the matter you asked about has come to fruition! I’ve received reliable information…”

While He Zhenghao was full of excitement, Gao Yuan, on the other hand, appeared somewhat perplexed.

He tapped his fingers on the table, eyes half-closed, seemingly lost in thought.

After a while, as He Zhenghao finished his task and stretched to relieve his fatigue, he finally noticed Gao Yuan’s odd demeanor.

“Brother Gao, is something on your mind?” he asked, slightly puzzled.

“I’m pondering the significance behind the two tasks the Lord Envoy assigned us,” Gao Yuan said, his expression serious.

“Significance? Wasn’t it all quite clear…” He Zhenghao initially laughed, dismissing it as Gao Yuan overthinking. But then, he paused.

Looking around, he leaned in and whispered, “Brother, what’s your insight?”

Gao Yuan’s tone grew thoughtful. “The Lord Envoy always plans thoroughly before acting and does nothing without purpose.”

“Yet these two tasks he gave us feel a bit peculiar.”

He Zhenghao was baffled. “Peculiar? How so?”

“Fellow Daoist, would you say that a billion contribution points is a lot?” Gao Yuan didn’t answer directly but asked in return.

“Of course, it’s a fortune,” He Zhenghao replied, taken aback by the seemingly obvious question.

Gao Yuan chuckled. “A billion contribution points is indeed an astronomical amount for most.”

“But…”

“Do you recall, when the Lord Envoy mentioned the sum of ‘a billion,’ did his tone or expression show any reaction?”

He Zhenghao was momentarily stunned.

After frowning in contemplation, he eventually shook his head.

Gao Yuan continued, his voice calm and deliberate. “Exactly. He spoke of it as if it were no more than a routine matter, like eating or drinking. He merely mentioned it in passing without much emphasis.”

“Yet he repeatedly reminded us of his upcoming seclusion and how he would sever all contact with the outside world.”

“Would a mere billion contribution points warrant such solemnity from him?”

He Zhenghao was about to refute, but after some thought and recollecting Li Fan’s dismissive attitude toward wealth, he began to waver.

Upon further reflection, He Zhenghao nodded slowly, “It does seem odd. During my first meeting with him, he demonstrated his incredible ability to amass wealth.”

“In less than seven days, he’d doubled the contributions. With such skill, I doubt a billion contribution points would be of much significance to him.”

Gao Yuan nodded heavily. “Exactly. Even back when he was just an independent cultivator, he probably didn’t value a billion points all that highly.”

“Not to mention that now he is essentially the ruler of the Congyun Sea territory.”

“I’ve never heard of a regional leader going into deep seclusion over a mere billion contribution points.”

“So his claim that ‘the matter is critical and requires meticulous preparation’ is nothing but an excuse!”

Gao Yuan’s eyes flashed, his tone resolute.

He Zhenghao pondered this for a moment before nodding in agreement.

“But then, what is his true purpose? The city has just been restored, and much needs to be done. Why would he choose this moment to go into seclusion?” he asked in confusion.

Gao Yuan, brimming with confidence, replied, “In my view, this is the Lord Envoy’s way of testing us.”

“Testing us?” He Zhenghao was baffled.

“Precisely,” Gao Yuan said with certainty.

“You know I’m known for my ability to read people. I can understand someone’s character and temperament after only a brief interaction.”

“As for the Lord Envoy…”

“I wouldn’t claim to fully understand him, but one thing is beyond doubt.”

Lowering his voice, Gao Yuan continued, “He is inherently free-spirited and would never submit to the constraints of mundane affairs.”

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 546


"Unlike us ordinary folks, the lord surely has far grander ambitions," Gao Yuan said slowly, his tone pensive.

"What we crave—those official positions in the Immortal Alliance—he may not even care about," he continued. "Even though he hides it well, you can tell when someone is truly enamored with power."

He Zhenghao listened intently, his expression serious as he nodded in agreement.

"From what I know, Lord Envoy was actually forced to accept the position as acting lord of Ten Thousand Immortal Island. His mission to rebuild the Immortal City was, in fact, a task thrust upon him," Gao Yuan unexpectedly revealed.

He Zhenghao looked stunned, his eyes wide with surprise. "Is that really the case?"

Gao Yuan nodded. "I’m not sure of the underlying complexities, but thankfully, Lord Envoy managed to complete the task."

"He even changed the fates of many of us along the way."

"Currently, he serves as the 'Secret Envoy,' governing the affairs of the Congyun Sea region. But I suspect he has little interest in directly managing things," Gao Yuan speculated.

"I also believe that, given his remarkable talent, it would be a true waste for him to spend time on mundane tasks."

"He has a much larger stage to shine on. As for the minor affairs, naturally, there are others to handle those.""What he needs," Gao Yuan analyzed carefully, "are people who can keep things running smoothly in his absence, without him having to worry."

"The two tasks he assigned us this time—these are tests," he continued. "And that 'Divine Spirit jade Slip'—that’s a trap."

"If we lose control of the situation and need to consult him…"

"Perhaps our positions wouldn’t change, but in his heart, we’d certainly be branded as incompetent," Gao Yuan said gravely.

He Zhenghao was startled. "Is it really that bad?"

Gao Yuan gave a cold hum. "Haven’t you ever noticed the way he looks at us?"

"His gaze? What about it?" He Zhenghao asked, puzzled, eagerly seeking clarification.

"Though he appears friendly, sometimes even humble… beneath the surface…" Gao Yuan’s eyes showed a hint of fear.

"Deep down in his eyes, the way he looks at all of us is the same."

"It’s like how we cultivators view ordinary mortals… no, that’s not quite right," Gao Yuan shook his head, frowning as he searched for the right words.

After a pause, he pointed to the tables and chairs in the council chamber and spoke in a low tone. "That’s it. In his eyes, all of us are like these—mere tools."

"It’s as if we’re not even on the same level of existence. To him, we are likely nothing but tools."

"Back when I was on guard duty outside the Provincial Affairs Hall, I had the chance to see a Dao Integration cultivator. But even that Dao Integration Immortal Sage didn’t look at me with such detachment." 𝘳

"I’ve heard that the lord hails from the ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect and was forced into deep slumber due to certain events, causing his cultivation to fall to the Golden Core stage."

"There are even rumors of him slaying several Nascent Soul cultivators at the Golden Core stage," Gao Yuan murmured, his voice growing softer, a glimmer of fear flickering in his eyes.

He Zhenghao shuddered slightly, sensing the underlying implication in Gao Yuan’s words.

Gao Yuan suspected that in ancient times, Li Fan might have been a cultivator at the Longevity stage.

It’s well known that reaching the Longevity stage marks a genuine transcendence. The very essence of life changes, setting these cultivators apart from those at the Dao Integration, Soul Transformation, or Nascent Soul stages.

Only those at the Longevity stage could view all beings with such detachment.

When combining this notion with Li Fan’s countless legendary feats, everything suddenly seemed to make sense.

Many cultivators are adept at the art of divination, but none have used it like Li Fan, turning it into a tool for fortune-building, effortlessly doubling his wealth.

If the art of divination were truly so miraculous, every cultivator would be clamoring to learn it.

For thousands of years, the art of divination has remained tepid, for a reason.

Only a Longevity Heavenly Sovereign, one who has mastered divination to its pinnacle, could so easily see through the future.

Rumors in the Congyun Sea whispered that the sudden lockdown of Ten Thousand Immortal Island and the Five Elders’ assault to seize the entire island was all due to a prophecy.

Although everyone credited this prophecy to the famed Gong Sun Qixuan, some privately believed that he was, in fact, influenced by Li Fan’s divination.

If Li Fan were indeed a Longevity Heavenly Sovereign, then his feats—slaying Nascent Souls at the Golden Core stage, and even possessing a Soul Transformation puppet as his mount—would all be unremarkable.

If he couldn’t achieve such things, could he truly be called a Longevity Heavenly Sovereign?

...

Within the council chamber of the Administration Hall, an eerie silence fell.

An odd tension brewed between He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan.

The more they thought about it, the more they felt their speculation was reasonable and well-founded.

Their bodies began to tremble slightly.

Firstly, from their natural awe of a Longevity-stage powerhouse.

Secondly, because…

Being considered a close confidant by a Longevity Heavenly Sovereign, even if only temporarily and in appearance… is a tremendous honor.

As their minds swirled with thoughts, they both silently pondered for a long time.

Finally, He Zhenghao broke the silence.

Clearing his throat, he spoke softly, "Brother Gao, this matter is all just your speculation."

"It’s best not to mention it to outsiders lightly."

"Let it be known only to you and me."

Gao Yuan glanced at He Zhenghao, nodding slightly. "Of course, I am well aware."

They exchanged a meaningful smile, everything understood without a word.

There was an unspoken thought between them.

If Li Fan truly were a Longevity Heavenly Sovereign, then serving him now…

Once he fully recovers his strength…

Their stage would no longer be confined to the small realm of Congyun Sea.

He Zhenghao also recalled his former wife, and a long-extinguished flame of ambition subtly reignited in his eyes.

—

Deep within the Administration Hall, Li Fan refocused his attention and summoned a water mirror.

Stroking his chin, he examined his reflection in the mirror.

"An indifferent gaze…"

He stared blankly into his own eyes.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 547


Li Fan couldn't remember how long it had been since he last truly looked at himself.

The image of himself that lingered in his mind was still that of a slender scholar in his twenties.

After all, regardless of how his appearance aged, whenever he activated [Truth], he would revert to his original look at the anchor point he had chosen.

Thus, for Li Fan, aging was merely an illusion.

The common fears of all living beings—aging, illness, and death—were merely temporary states that he could escape at any moment.

Even the changes occurring in his own body were something he viewed with a certain indifference.

If he didn’t care much about the transformations within himself, then the vast populations of the Xuanhuang Realm mattered even less.

Kou Hong, Dao Xuanzhi, He Zhenghao, Zhang Zhiliang, Xiao Heng...

These people, in each cycle of reincarnation, had their fates altered by Li Fan's actions.

A mortal enemy in one life might become a close friend, sharing drinks with him in the next. In yet another life, they might become his loyal followers.And in the future?

Perhaps they would become mere collateral, innocent souls lost in one of Li Fan’s battles.

Yet...

No matter their fate, whenever Li Fan activated [Truth], their "state" would reset to the anchor point Li Fan had selected.

So, for them, were these lifetimes just illusions?

People often mock the extremely selfish by saying, "The world doesn’t revolve around you. Why should others cater to your whims?"

But for Li Fan, at least within the Xuanhuang Realm, the world did revolve around him.

With a single thought, the world could reset.

All past events would vanish like smoke.

In such circumstances, how could Li Fan possibly regard the people of this world as equals?

Even if it was the artifact [Truth] that allowed him to do this, Li Fan, with his power over time, could not treat the beings of the Xuanhuang Realm as his "equals."

Li Fan scrutinized his reflection for a long time, but he didn’t notice the "indifference" that Gao Yuan had mentioned.

This perhaps suggested that even Li Fan himself was unaware of some subtle changes taking place within him.

Just like how his psychological age continued to grow with each use of [Truth].

Li Fan wasn’t as unchanged as he thought.

[Truth] could reverse time, but as the vessel of [Truth], Li Fan had gained a unique ability—to retain "change" even within this reversed timeline.

"I thought my acting was flawless..." Li Fan chuckled to himself.

He closed his eyes briefly, and when he opened them again, his gaze seemed subtly different.

It looked more lively and vibrant, as if he now held a newfound love for everything around him.

After adjusting for a long while, Li Fan finally stopped.

"For now, I’ve covered it up."

"But acting is still just acting. No matter how convincing, it’s never real."

"This world has many individuals with unimaginable abilities. Even a regular guard in Congyun Sea can have such keen insight."

"To deceive everyone in the world—it seems that’s still beyond my reach."

"But it doesn’t matter; it’s just a minor flaw."

"There are plenty of 'cold-hearted' people in the world, after all."

This small episode didn’t weigh heavily on Li Fan's mind; he made a minor adjustment and moved on.

Moreover, Gao Yuan and the others speculating that he was a fallen Longevity Immortal Sovereign made him feel both amused and helpless.

"In truth, I have no hidden intentions. I just wanted an excuse to avoid the impending great battle on Tianling Prefecture."

Alone, Li Fan quietly left Ten Thousand Immortals Island and dove into the ocean’s depths.

He continued descending tens of thousands of meters into the trench, ensuring he wasn’t being followed.

Only then did he activate the [Mysterious True Spirit Transformation] to return to his original appearance.

He buried all the items he had acquired from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance under his guise as an "ancient cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect," concealing them with [Sky-Shrouding Hand].

Then, stripped bare, Li Fan transformed his attire and resurfaced.

He borrowed some suitable clothes from a nearby mortal island and then headed straight for the island where the people from the [Empire] were located.

Before long, he reached his destination.

He hadn’t concealed his aura, so as he approached, the Empire’s Imperial Saint Master, a green luan who once accompanied Xu Ke, sent him a warning via divine sense.

"What business do you have here, fellow cultivator?"

Li Fan stopped mid-air, smiled slightly, and responded with a single word: "Federation."

Soon after, the green luan, Xiao Qing, personally came to welcome him.

She carefully observed Li Fan before leading him to a secret room on the island.

Li Chenfeng was apparently not on the island; it was unknown where he had gone.

Even the soul-locking ability of the Formless Killing Intent was temporarily inactive.

Li Fan replayed a scene recorded by his Dao Deviation Stone, discovering that Li Chenfeng had left the Xuanhuang Realm.

But the departure point differed from the place where he had returned to the Empire before.

"Not the Empire, but another small world?"

This thought crossed Li Fan's mind, but he said nothing, merely noting it.

"So, you are also from the Federation of all World's?" Xiao Qing asked directly.

"Correct. I was sent by our lord to inform you that, unfortunately, our collaboration must be temporarily halted," Li Fan replied calmly.

"What?!" Even with over a thousand years of experience, Xiao Qing was taken aback, staring at Li Fan with her phoenix eyes.

"What does this mean?"

She scrutinized Li Fan with suspicion, her eyes narrowing. "Are you truly from the Federation?"

She was already beginning to doubt Li Fan’s identity.

The killing intent in the air began to grow, but Li Fan raised his hand to indicate that she needn’t worry.

He explained, "It’s not that the Federation Of All World's intends to break our promise; there are unavoidable circumstances."

"We’re not only cutting off contact with your [Empire] but also with all other small worlds."

"Our higher-ups have instructed us to lie low for a while and wait until the situation calms down."

Xiao Qing's furrowed brows remained tense, and as she was about to respond, Li Fan added, "I understand you’re eager to leave the Xuanhuang Realm."

"But the situation truly is complex; we have no choice."

"After all, we also gained a great deal from our last exchange. We’re just as eager to complete the remaining part of our deal."

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 548


"Ha ha, that Beast Soul Bead you provided last time was truly useful."

"Especially the one that sealed the remnant spirit of the 'Red Nine-Head'. It's extraordinary. That guy Lan Yuchang was originally just a slightly stronger mortal who knew some martial arts."

"But after absorbing it, his combat power skyrocketed. Even our ordinary Soul Transformation cultivators aren't his match in sparring."

"According to Lan Yuchang, he was still holding back."

"If he were to fight with all his strength… tsk tsk…"

Li Fan spoke without restraint, completely unguarded and talking endlessly.

Upon hearing the name 'Red Nine-Head', Xiao Qing's expression changed slightly.

Then, when she heard Li Fan say that someone had managed to withstand the overwhelming hostility of the nine-headed bird and successfully absorbed the Beast Soul Bead, she trembled and blurted out, "Impossible! How could a mere mortal endure that beast's vicious aura…?"

Li Fan immediately showed a look of disdain. "You're ignorant. Our Federation Of All World's has no shortage of talents. We have all sorts of extraordinary individuals."

"Just because your empire couldn’t find a suitable candidate doesn’t mean we can't.""Do you really think that trading with us once puts you on our level?"

Li Fan, seemingly inexperienced and reckless, spoke whatever was on his mind, without a hint of subtlety.

He sneered, "Federation of All World's only trades with you to help you."

"There are countless small worlds around the Xuanhuang Realm, so one less of you makes no difference."

"You’re the one who needs the Federation of All World's, not the other way around."

…

Hearing Li Fan’s unbearably harsh words, Xiao Qing's face turned exceedingly dark.

But in the end, she held back and didn’t lash out.

Li Fan continued his rambling, but noticing her lack of response, he grew a bit embarrassed and eventually stopped.

Xiao Qing now looked at Li Fan with a hint of displeasure.

After this episode, however, she no longer doubted Li Fan’s identity.

Returning to the previous topic, she asked softly, "Since we all agree that our transactions are mutually beneficial, why did you decide to suddenly halt them?"

Li Fan sighed and spoke truthfully, "We encountered some insurmountable factors."

He leaned in closer and whispered, "According to our intelligence, a major war is likely to break out soon between the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association."

"As you know, the period leading up to a war is often the tensest for both sides."

"As the saying goes, 'settle internal issues before external ones.' If the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance discovered any traces of our Federation Of All World's, they might prioritize eradicating us as a threat before engaging the Five Elders Association."

Li Fan shook his head, unabashed. "To be fair, while we’ve always proclaimed the slogan of counterattacking the Immortal Cultivation Realm, the truth is our organization’s strength is still lacking compared to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association. We can’t deny that."

"We need more time to build our power, so we have to avoid direct confrontation for now."

Suddenly, Li Fan's face lit up with excitement, "Besides, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. It’s been ages since the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association clashed on such a scale."

"This battle is bound to be unprecedentedly fierce and chaotic. While they fight like dogs, we’ll lurk in the shadows, taking advantage of the situation."

"Who knows, we might even gain something from this mess, a bit of profit on the side."

Xiao Qing watched Li Fan's smug expression, feeling doubtful about his talk of an "impending war."

The empire also had its intelligence sources.

In recent years, although few, outlaws had spread across the Xuanhuang Realm.

During her recent return to the Immortal Cultivation Realm, Xiao Qing had established contact with most of them.

Thanks to their presence, Xiao Qing actually had some understanding of the current situation in the Xuanhuang Realm.

A great wind always starts from a gentle breeze.

The outbreak of war must have some cause, right?

If the coming war is truly as catastrophic as he says, there should already be signs of it by now.

"Perhaps they’ve overlooked some details…"

As Xiao Qing fell into contemplation, Li Fan didn’t care at all about her thoughts.

Instead, he thick-skinnedly started asking her for a Beast Soul Bead.

"Ah, the brothers back home are all quite envious. They asked me to bring back some souvenirs."

"Master Qing, Saint Master Qing."

"Anyway, these things are abundant in your empire, so just give me a few to bring back. That way, I can report back."

Seeing his cheeky smile, Xiao Qing nearly laughed in exasperation.

But dealing with someone like him wasn’t worth getting upset over.

With that thought, she took out two Beast Soul Bead equivalent to the power of Golden Core-stage cultivators and handed them over.

Yet he was still unsatisfied, shamelessly asking for even more.

This time, Xiao Qing had enough and immediately issued an order for him to leave.

"I really don’t have any more Beast Soul Bead with me, so please go, Daoist Friend!"

Li Fan's expression changed quickly.

Moments ago, he was all "Master Qing," but upon hearing her refusal, his face instantly darkened.

With a cold huff, he flew off without a word of farewell.

"How could someone like him even be in the Federation of All World's?"

"If he were in our empire, he’d have been fed to the Rift Whale by now!"

Xiao Qing gritted her teeth in frustration.

"That previous Daoist Friend was much better."

She recalled the earlier transaction, where both sides were highly satisfied.

The subsequent exchanges of resources also went smoothly.

"Too bad, he’s likely busy and unable to come," Xiao Qing thought with regret.

She collected her thoughts and began contacting the empire’s covert agents to inquire if there were any recent unusual activities in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Any signs of impending war?

Soon, responses came pouring in from her outlaws.

Everything was as usual; there was no word of any upcoming war.

Now, it was Xiao Qing’s turn to feel uncertain.

"Is it true or not?"

---

Meanwhile, He Zhenghao was busy counting money until his hands cramped.

Grinning from ear to ear, he recorded each contribution he received and promptly replied to the creditors.

"Rest assured, Daoist Qin, your contribution has been received. You just wait to get rich!"

"Wei, little brother, I’ve recorded your ten thousand contributions. Ah, I know it’s everything you own. Who isn’t in the same boat? Just relax. The Lord Envoy wouldn’t shortchange you!"

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 549


The pace of contributions for this funding round was far faster than He Zhenghao had anticipated.

When he hinted to the cultivators of Congyun Sea that Li Fan would soon restart the funding campaign, they, eager to seize this rare opportunity to profit, rushed to transfer their contributions to He Zhenghao without hesitation.

He Zhenghao was swamped, feeling both the strain and the thrill.

In less than seven days, half of the target was already achieved, with nearly 53 million contribution points collected.

Handling such a large volume of contributions brought about a subtle shift in He Zhenghao's mindset.

"Ah, what kind of life was I living before I met the Lord Envoy?"

"For the sake of a mere two or three hundred thousand contribution points, I used to scrimp and save, living every day in fear."

"How stifling!"

Reflecting on the past, He Zhenghao couldn’t help but shake his head and sigh.

"Fortunately, those hard days are gone for good!"Looking at the ever-rising numbers on the statistics board, He Zhenghao felt an uncontrollable surge of excitement.

If everything went as planned, when this round of fundraising concluded, the Lord Envoy would likely, as he had in previous times, allocate a small share of the profits to him...

Even if it was just one percent…

No, even one-third of one percent would make He Zhenghao more than content.

After all, with the Lord Envoy's abilities, making a profit equivalent to the principal was no great challenge.

By that calculation, he would at least receive a reward of 300,000 contribution points…

Thinking of this, He Zhenghao couldn't help but grin foolishly.

After a while, he finally snapped back to reality from his daydreams.

He prepared to transfer the contributions to the Lord Envoy.

But then, something unexpected happened.

The Tianxuan Mirror notified him that it could not locate the recipient, and the transfer failed.

Large beads of sweat instantly dripped from He Zhenghao's forehead.

This situation only had two possible explanations.

One, he had entered the wrong recipient, and the target person didn’t exist.

Two, the other party had temporarily suspended all functionality and permissions on their Tianxuan Mirror.

He Zhenghao quickly realized what the issue was.

The first explanation was obviously impossible. The Lord Envoy was an honored member of the Immortal Alliance, overseeing an entire region.

So…

Recalling how Li Fan had hinted before that he would be entering deep seclusion and was not to be disturbed by anyone, he also remembered the backup Jade Slip he had left him, to be used in emergencies.

"Damn it!" He Zhenghao slapped his thigh in frustration.

"It seems that this is indeed, as Gao Yuan suggested, a test from the Lord Envoy."

Looking at the astronomical figure in his account, He Zhenghao's face turned pale.

What had once seemed like an incredibly promising contribution amount now felt like a death sentence.

"This is bad… very bad. While my investment skills are indeed exceptional, it depends on the situation!"

"I can handle a few thousand or even tens of thousands of contribution points."

"But handling over a hundred million—how could I dare manage that?"

"If, by sheer luck, I make a profit, that would be fine, but if I incur a loss, wouldn’t I have to cover it myself?"

The more He Zhenghao thought about it, the more frightened he became.

He knew very well that the cultivators who had come to him so eagerly, calling him "Daoist He" or "Brother He," were only friendly because they hoped to make money.

If these cultivators, who had scraped together all their contribution points for this funding campaign, suffered losses, they would be the first to tear him apart.

A wave of dizziness hit him, his legs went weak, and he almost collapsed to the ground.

At that moment, a fleeting thought crossed his mind—to flee with the funds.

But fortunately, he managed to regain his composure.

Shaking his head to dispel this self-destructive idea, He Zhenghao steeled himself and urgently sought out Gao Yuan.

When Gao Yuan heard the news, his expression also turned serious.

However, instead of giving advice immediately, he habitually tapped his finger on the table, sinking into deep thought.

He Zhenghao didn’t dare interrupt, waiting anxiously on the side.

After a while, Gao Yuan's frown relaxed, and the cloud lifted from his face.

He reassured He Zhenghao, saying, "Daoist He, you need not act rashly. Just wait patiently for the Lord Envoy's instructions."

He Zhenghao was surprised. "Brother Gao, what do you mean?"

Gao Yuan smiled confidently. "Who do you think the Lord Envoy is?"

"Although he might not particularly care about a billion contribution points, even I know that a sum this large is beyond the control of ordinary people."

"While you’re renowned, it’s clear that even you aren’t certain of turning a profit with this."

He Zhenghao nodded in agreement.

Gao Yuan continued, "Exactly. Since we both understand this, how could the Lord Envoy not know?"

"Remember the talisman he left with us? The Lord Envoy mentioned that we could use it to contact him."

"But conversely, as a talisman carrying a trace of his consciousness, he could also use it to contact us."

He Zhenghao suddenly understood.

"The decision on how to handle this billion in contributions—surely the Lord Envoy has a plan in mind. Daoist He, just complete the fundraising and await his command."

"Remember, as subordinates, the greatest mistake we can make is acting on our own or being overly clever," Gao Yuan advised.

"You were wise to come to me for advice instead of panicking and using the talisman to report to the Lord Envoy."

"Otherwise, you might have failed this test." Gao Yuan’s words were earnest.

He Zhenghao thought it over and took a deep breath, standing up and bowing to Gao Yuan.

"Thank you, Brother Gao, for saving me. If there’s ever anything you need from me, just say the word!"

"Heh, Daoist He, you're too kind. Working under the Lord Envoy, we need to support each other," Gao Yuan replied graciously.

With Gao Yuan's guidance, He Zhenghao finally felt reassured.

He hurried back to continue with the fundraising campaign.

Watching He Zhenghao's departing figure, Gao Yuan’s gaze turned unreadable.

The reason he kept pulling He Zhenghao closer was because he had noticed that the Lord Envoy regarded him with a special status.

Though both of them were mere "tools," there was no doubt that tools could still have varying levels of favor.

Tools that fit well were often reused.

And He Zhenghao seemed to be one of those favored tools.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 550


Shifting focus from Gao Yuan's subtle scheming and insight into human nature, the story returns to He Zhenghao.

In a state of unease, he took about ten more days to finally complete the collection of 100 million contribution points.

Afterward, he followed Gao Yuan's instructions closely, quietly awaiting Li Fan's next orders.

This period of waiting was indeed challenging.

Even though Gao Yuan’s reasoning sounded plausible, it was still just his personal conjecture.

As for what the Lord Envoy himself was thinking…

Who could say with any certainty?

Perhaps the Lord Envoy was even considering entrusting He Zhenghao to manage that hundred million contribution points?

On the surface, He Zhenghao appeared calm, but his mind was racing, filled with an overwhelming sense of apprehension.

He felt as if he were a prisoner awaiting execution, enduring the agonizing passage of time as he awaited his fate.This was a vivid taste of what ancient cultivators described as "demonic heart invasion."

Fortunately, He Zhenghao’s luck seemed to hold.

Just when he felt he was reaching his limit, a peculiar vibration came from his storage ring.

Overjoyed, he quickly composed himself, then eagerly took out the small metal figurine.

“Sir, do you have orders for me?” He asked respectfully, placing the figurine on the table.

“You’re to use the collected hundred million contribution points to purchase the items on this list,” Li Fan's voice issued from the metal statue.

“There’s no need to buy everything from the Tianxuan Mirror. You may prioritize items of slightly lower quality if they come at a more affordable price.”

“A short time from now, when these items' prices go up, sell them off.”

After giving these instructions, Li Fan’s voice gradually faded.

He Zhenghao was left stunned, his mind a blank as if thunderstruck.

“Gao Yuan was wrong!”

“This time, the Lord Envoy really intends for me to manage the 100 million contribution points!”

After a brief moment of pause, He Zhenghao gradually recovered.

But this time, instead of fear and helplessness, he felt an inexplicable sense of excitement and fervor.

He knew he couldn’t accomplish this on his own, but with the Lord Envoy’s guidance, none of that mattered!

When it came down to it, investing was quite simple.

It was all just a matter of having insider information.

As long as you knew what others didn’t, even a pig could make a fortune by just sitting on it!

He Zhenghao’s hands trembled slightly as he eagerly reviewed the list Li Fan provided.

"Sky Recovery Pills, Violent Burst Powder, Berserker Killing Pills…”

“Standardized Tiangang Armor, Divine Thunder Weapons…”

“Hundred Battle Formation Diagram…”

The more He Zhenghao read, the deeper his frown grew, his face etched with confusion.

It was nothing like what he had expected.

Initially, he had thought Li Fan would instruct him to purchase rare minerals, spiritual woods, medicinal herbs, and other raw materials.

With the Tianxuan Mirror's comprehensive view, the price fluctuations for such items would be fairly moderate, typically within twenty percent.

Even if he bought at a peak price, he could simply hold onto them and wait for the next price hike.

He would, at worst, lose a small fee when selling them.

If he reached a high enough merit level, even these transaction fees would be negligible.

But this time, the items on Li Fan’s list were all finished products.

And they were all combat-related goods like pills, magical weapons, and formation diagrams.

Pills were understandable, as cultivators often carried them when exploring ancient sect ruins to be prepared for unforeseen dangers.

But items like Tiangang Armor and Divine Thunder Weapons—unless one was in life-or-death combat, most cultivators wouldn’t need them.

Not to mention the formation diagrams.

He Zhenghao searched for market data on these items and found only sparse records of their transactions.

Their prices were stable and seldom fluctuated, with a large stockpile available since they were mass-produced.

Would the prices of these items really go up?

Even though Li Fan had demonstrated his incredible predictive abilities in the past, He Zhenghao couldn't help but harbor deep doubts.

Was he truly supposed to purchase large quantities of these items?

He hesitated.

But just then, Gao Yuan’s warning resurfaced in his mind.

“We, as subordinates, don’t need exceptional abilities. The most crucial quality is loyalty.”

“If the Lord wants us to do something, we must complete it without hesitation.”

“After all, with so many cultivators in the Congyun Sea and us not being exceptionally talented, why else would the Lord favor us?”

Steeling himself, He Zhenghao made up his mind.

“Even if I don’t understand, I just need to follow the Lord’s instructions.”

“Besides, these pills and magical weapons are widely known. When people think of affordable, useful items, these are what first come to mind.”

“Even if the Lord’s prediction doesn’t come true, it shouldn’t be a complete loss.”

He reassured himself with this reasoning.

Once resolved, He Zhenghao wasted no time and began consulting with his friends.

Currently, he was quite a sought-after associate.

As soon as people heard he needed assistance, several cultivators were eager to offer advice.

After comparing prices from over ten sources, He Zhenghao began his large-scale purchasing endeavor.

His suppliers were delighted, as he was buying items that had been sitting in storage for quite some time.

To expedite the deal and prevent him from changing his mind, they even offered considerable discounts.

Though a 100 million contribution points was a substantial amount, it wasn’t so large when divided across various types of pills and magical artifacts.

Most sizable production workshops could meet He Zhenghao’s demands.

The speed at which his procurement was completed exceeded even his expectations.

After he had exchanged the collected points for what appeared to be a pile of “useless” items, He Zhenghao couldn’t help but feel a sense of emptiness.

A lingering sense of unreality filled his heart and wouldn’t go away.

Despite his caution, He Zhenghao’s unusual behavior hadn’t escaped the notice of certain individuals.

To the public, He Zhenghao’s actions were seen as indicative of Li Fan’s intentions.

Everyone knew he was Li Fan’s trusted aide, and a procurement effort of this scale would certainly be at Li Fan’s direction.

Could it be that the ancient cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect had foreseen something once again?

Were the items He Zhenghao purchased about to see a price surge?

Some were immediately tempted.

However…

With the tragedy of the Samantabhadra True Leaf still fresh in their minds, many cultivators, having learned a hard lesson, suspected that this might be another of Li Fan’s tactics to manipulate the market.

So, most chose to wait and see.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 551


In an unknown space.

A group of cultivators, led by Long Yueyou and including Zhou Kebao, had gathered together to discuss Li Fan's recent actions.

Ever since they suffered a hidden loss at Li Fan’s hands and were forced to collaborate with him, there had been a silent resentment simmering among them. After all, they were all influential figures in their own right. Being outmaneuvered by Li Fan was a blow not only to their finances but, more importantly, to their pride.

Although they had outwardly formed a “friendly cooperative” relationship with him, this didn't stop them from secretly waiting for a chance to give Li Fan, whom they saw as a "fat sheep," a hidden blow at the right time to vent their frustration.

As such, they were keeping a close watch on Li Fan’s every move, and his recent commission of He Zhenghao to amass massive resources had not escaped their notice.

"Everyone, what do you think? Should we follow Li Fan’s lead and join in the purchases, or…?"

"Hah! You think we’ll profit by following him?" One person sneered disdainfully. "Everyone knows he’s as sly as they come. Just look at his past actions—every time he makes a big move, it’s always part of some scheme to take advantage of others."

"Remember how the loss from the Samantabhadra True Leaf incident wasn’t that long ago. Have you all forgotten already?"

"Fellow Daoist Zhu, you can’t put it that way," someone countered. "Things aren’t as they were before. Now that Li Fan holds an official position as the Secret Envoy of Congyun City, he can’t act as recklessly as before. If he were to disrupt the market or destabilize the Immortal Alliance maliciously, headquarters wouldn’t let him off easily."

This statement gained nods of agreement from many of the cultivators present."Exactly! In my opinion, he must have foreseen something significant to make such a large-scale move. Let’s not forget that the fundraising project hosted by He Zhenghao was something Li Fan established right after his rise. His early reputation owes much to it. I don’t believe he would tarnish his own reputation."

"Let’s follow him! With our combined wealth, surely those unruly gangs can’t compare to us!"

…

The group chattered noisily, and most of them seemed inclined to follow Li Fan’s actions, even if they harbored grudges against him. Despite their misgivings, they had to admit their respect for his abilities.

As the discussion grew lively, Zhou Kebao remained silent, frowning all the while.

Seated at the center, Long Yueyou, maintaining a dignified expression despite his faint smile, noticed Zhou Kebao’s expression and asked, "Fellow Daoist Zhou, what are your thoughts on this matter?"

Without hesitation, Zhou Kebao replied, "Without a doubt, we should purchase the same items listed by Li Fan."

Long Yueyou was slightly surprised at Zhou Kebao’s decisiveness but listened attentively as he continued.

"The prices of these items are likely to see a significant increase soon."

Zhou Kebao’s frown deepened. "But what puzzles me is this—if everything on this list goes up in price, there’s only one possible explanation."

"And that would be… a large-scale war is about to break out."

Zhou Kebao flicked his fingers, and a light screen appeared mid-air, displaying a list identical to the one Li Fan had handed to He Zhenghao.

Following Zhou Kebao’s words, the group fell silent, staring at the fluctuating characters on the screen with expressions of shock and doubt.

"A war? With the Five Elders Association? That seems unlikely. It’s been years since there was a real battle. Although tensions along the borders have risen recently, it hasn’t escalated to the point of open conflict, has it?"

"Exactly! Not long ago, the Five Elders Association blatantly seized all of Ten Thousand Immortal Island, and we still endured it. If war does break out, it would have to be an event of unimaginable magnitude," most of the cultivators present responded skeptically.

"Has anyone heard any suspicious rumors lately? If war were imminent, we would have seen at least some preparations," Long Yueyou asked, his tone serious.

Silence fell momentarily.

Then, the cultivators each took out their communication talismans and started to gather information through their own channels.

But one by one, they shook their heads, finding no unusual intelligence.

"Strange…" Zhou Kebao murmured, his confusion deepening.

The cultivators looked to Long Yueyou, awaiting his final decision.

Long Yueyou narrowed his eyes, pondering. He recalled his past dealings with Li Fan and sensed that he could never quite see through the man.

With a plan forming in his mind, Long Yueyou spoke, "Better safe than sorry. Li Fan does have some skill."

"He must have foreseen something important. Let’s follow his lead this time."

Seeing some lingering hesitation among the group, Long Yueyou smiled reassuringly. "Feel free to go ahead and make your purchases. I’ve reviewed the list. While these items aren’t commonly needed, their prices are stable, and they can be stored for long periods."

"Even if this turns out to be another trap set by Li Fan, we won’t suffer much loss."

"Of course, if any of you still have concerns…"

"If any unexpected situations arise, our Long Clan will buy all of your items at your purchase price."

"I assure you, you won’t suffer any loss," Long Yueyou declared solemnly.

The crowd was stunned.

Long Yueyou had spoken on behalf of the Long Clan, not just himself. This indicated…

Seeing their surprised and delighted expressions, Long Yueyou, full of pride, continued, "Indeed, my elder brother recently broke through to the Dao Integration realm."

"After some maneuvering, he will soon be appointed to the headquarters of the Administrative Hall."

"The official order will be issued shortly, so even if I hadn’t mentioned it, you would have known soon enough."

Hearing Long Yueyou confirm this personally, the cultivators erupted with joy.

This small group of theirs had grown intricately connected over the years, operating as a unit. Their fortunes were intertwined, with Long Yueyou at the helm.

The Long Clan wielded considerable influence, with ties spanning various states within the Immortal Alliance.

Their only shortcoming had been the absence of a true pillar of strength.

But now, with Long Yueyou’s brother ascending to Dao Integration and soon to be stationed at Immortal Alliance headquarters, this lone weakness was about to be resolved.

An Administrative Hall Dao Integration cultivator would occupy one of the highest positions in the Immortal Alliance’s power structure.

The cultivators offered their sincere congratulations to Long Yueyou.

"The Tianling Prefecture is known for its harsh environment. Brother Jiuyuan’s long-awaited rise to prominence is truly worth celebrating!"

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 552


Long Jiuyuan was, naturally, the elder brother of Long Yueyou.

Gifted with exceptional talent, he was the most outstanding individual among the younger generation of the Long Clan.

It took him just over a century to advance from Qi Condensation to the peak of the Soul Transformation stage. Unfortunately, due to the scarcity of the 'Spirit of Heaven and Earth', such a genius remained stuck at the Soul Transformation level.

After more than another century, today he finally saw the dawn of hope.

"Fellow Daoist Long, may I ask where Brother Jiuyuan found the Spirit of Heaven and Earth required for his Dao Integration?"

After a lively celebration, one of the cultivators present couldn't help but ask out of curiosity.

Long Yueyou hesitated slightly, but then remembered that everyone here was close. With his brother now successful in Dao Integration, the existence of that Essence of Heaven and Earth was no longer a secret.

Seeing the eager, expectant eyes of the crowd, Long Yueyou couldn't hold back his pride and began to explain slowly, "It was truly destined for my brother!"

"He guarded Tianling Prefecture for over thirty years. During a certain mission, he stumbled upon a strange sight deep within a mountain range."

"Although the mountain appeared to be ordinary, its originally solid rocks had all turned into a pitch-black, viscous swamp.""The swamp emitted an ominous aura, and any creature that wandered into it, even magical artifacts or attacks, would be absorbed, assimilated, and disappear without a trace."

"Generally, such a dangerous area would instinctively make any creature with a sense of spiritual awareness feel uneasy and avoid it."

"But my brother discovered something peculiar."

Long Yueyou paused here, as if trying to heighten the suspense. Seeing the eager expressions of the surrounding cultivators, he continued with a satisfied look, "Around the black swamp, all creatures behaved like moths to a flame, rushing in and sacrificing themselves without hesitation."

"Even cultivators were no exception. My brother's Dao heart is incredibly firm, but after staying near the swamp for some time, even he almost couldn't resist the urge to enter."

Some of the cultivators immediately grasped what was happening and gasped, "A fatal allure..."

"Could it be that this black swamp is the Spirit of Heaven and Earth?"

Long Yueyou nodded slightly. "Exactly! My brother guessed as much. Trapped at the Soul Transformation stage for years, he was naturally ecstatic."

"However, he knew that the Spirit of Heaven and Earth is a manifestation of the laws themselves, making it challenging to handle. He forced himself to resist the temptation and retreated."

"After sealing off the entrance with a secret technique, he quietly returned to Tianling City."

"He kept it to himself and began to prepare in secret."

"It took him half a month to prepare before he found another excuse to return to the mountains."

"After setting up a formation to seal off the mountain and prevent outsiders from noticing, he began to attack the black swamp."

"But just as before, every attack vanished without a trace, like a stone sinking into the sea."

Long Yueyou narrowed his eyes, recalling his brother Long Jiuyuan's description: "For three days, my brother tried every possible method, but nothing could damage the black swamp."

"At that moment, he remembered all the scenes of being trapped at the Soul Transformation stage over the years. Finally, he made up his mind."

"With a determination to either succeed or die, he leapt into the black swamp!"

The cultivators present gasped in shock.

They asked themselves if they would have the courage to do the same.

Who knew what lurked within that swamp? Jumping in was like embracing death.

Even if Dao Integration failed, a Soul Transformation cultivator could still command respect and power.

But once life was at risk, there was nothing left to discuss.

But Long Jiuyuan did it anyway!

While the crowd marveled, they couldn't help but feel a deep admiration for him.

"I've heard that Long Jiuyuan is courageous beyond compare. It seems the rumors were not only accurate but even underestimated him!"

"No wonder Brother Jiuyuan, with just his Soul Transformation cultivation, can be on friendly terms with many Dao Integration Immortal Sages!"

"Haha, it's a great honor for us to call him Brother Jiuyuan!"

Listening to everyone praise Long Jiuyuan, Long Yueyou was filled with pride and satisfaction.

After all, he and Long Jiuyuan were brothers, deeply bonded.

Praising Long Jiuyuan was like praising himself!

After a moment, Long Yueyou cleared his throat and continued, "After entering the black swamp, my brother's protective artifact began to be consumed at a frightening rate."

"Mind you, this artifact was specially crafted by a Dao Integration friend skilled in refining."

"If it had been an ordinary protective artifact bought in the Tianxuan Pavilion, it would have long since been eroded."

"With only a limited amount of safe time left, my brother stayed calm. Instead of wandering aimlessly, he closed his eyes, focusing on the changes within the swamp."

"The black swamp was like a deep, dark ocean, with no signs of life besides my brother."

"But my brother could vaguely sense waves of vibration occasionally rippling through the swamp."

"It felt like something was stirring deep within."

"So, my brother followed the source of this vibration, heading deeper into the swamp."

"Just as he was running out of protective artifacts, he finally discovered the source of the disturbance!"

At this crucial moment, Long Yueyou suddenly paused.

His eyes flashed with a strange light before he lowered his voice and said to everyone, "In the center of this swamp, a shadowy, humanoid figure could be faintly seen."

"Not a cultivator, but a distorted figure made from the murky, dark swamp."

"The Spirit of Heaven and Earth!"

"But that wasn't the most shocking part. Besides the swamp, there was something else."

Long Yueyou took a deep breath and revealed the answer.

"It seemed to be a broken sword, exuding a fierce, murderous aura that even my brother, who has killed countless Five Elders Association cultivators, found terrifying."

"The broken sword was struggling violently, and the swamp was containing it like a cage!"

---

The black swamp, transformed into a sea, held the sword within its depths!

This eerie, surreal scene left everyone in awe, speculating about the origin of this broken sword.

Meanwhile, far away, Li Fan, who was flying towards a certain destination, suddenly halted.

"The Heavenly Fiend Sword?!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 553


“Or rather, a part of the Heavenly Calamity Sword.”

A glint of sharp insight flashed in Li Fan’s eyes.

The spirit of heaven and earth had become a cage, entrapping the remnant sword filled with fierce, fiendish energy.

The scene described by Long Yueyou immediately reminded Li Fan of the battle in the skies above Congyun Sea, where the Azure Wind had sealed a sword.

But unlike what Li Fan had witnessed before, Long Jiuyuan’s chance to achieve Dao Integration had arisen in Tianling Prefecture.

The spirit of heaven and earth was also represented by the Black Marsh, rather than the Azure Wind.

But…

The protagonist in both cases was, remarkably, a remnant sword brimming with fiendish energy.

Li Fan was almost certain that whether it was the one in Congyun Sea or in Tianling Prefecture, each must be a part of the original, complete Heavenly Calamity Sword.

“The Heavenly Calamity Sword, once wielded by the old fisherman, had shattered and scattered across various locations.”“Yet, even these fragmented swords are powerful enough to contend with the spirit of heaven and earth.”

“Moreover, the hilt of the Heavenly Calamity Sword later managed to break through the Azure Wind’s confinement. Even in the Cloud Water Heavenly Palace, the tortoise-snake Taiyi could barely suppress it, forced into a state of deep slumber.”

“If the fragments alone are this formidable, how powerful would the complete Heavenly Calamity Sword be?”

Li Fan’s heart trembled.

From what he knew, there were already three pieces scattered across different locations. Could there be more elsewhere?

What was the true secret of the Heavenly Calamity Sword that made the spirit of heaven and earth repeatedly manifest to suppress it?

And the master of the Heavenly Calamity Sword, the old fisherman—what level of cultivation did he possess?

“The fisherman, the Heavenly Doctor, the Sage…”

Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

These three were evidently old acquaintances, yet their pasts remained shrouded in deep mystery, as though covered by an impenetrable fog.

Li Fan had a subtle feeling.

Their shared secrets might be crucial to him!

“When enemies meet, their eyes blaze with hatred. I hope that soon, when the three of them clash, I can gain a glimpse into their mysteries.”

While locking onto Zhou Kebao’s presence and monitoring Long Yueyou’s movements, Li Fan resumed his journey to his original destination.

According to Long Yueyou’s account, when Long Jiuyuan saw the stalemate between the Heavenly Calamity remnant sword and the Black Marsh, he too was deeply shocked.

Yet he didn’t let the easily attainable chance for Dao Integration cloud his reason.

Long Jiuyuan understood that the balance between the remnant sword and the Black Marsh was delicate and that attacking recklessly would likely break it.

That might lead to backlash from both the remnant sword and the Black Marsh.

After all, for a Soul Transformation cultivator to interfere with a Dao Integration struggle would be nothing short of a provocation.

Thus, Long Jiuyuan quickly made up his mind; despite the destruction of his protective artifact and serious injuries, he fled from the sea of the Black Marsh.

After a brief recovery, he set up the “Heavenly Severing Earth-Isolating Formation” in the surrounding area.

This formation had one purpose: to sever the connection between the spirit of heaven and earth and the world itself.

Though the spirit of heaven and earth manifested the laws of nature, if isolated, it would weaken like water without a source or a tree without roots.

The Black Marsh, initially on par with the Heavenly Calamity Sword, started to weaken, giving the sword an opening!

Long Jiuyuan lay in wait, observing the changes in silence.

As expected, a few months later, the Black Marsh in the mountains began to boil, surging with violent energy.

The phenomenon lasted for almost half a day, until finally, a sword shadow broke free from the Black Marsh’s prison, soaring into the sky and disappearing from sight.

The marsh sea melted away like snow, rapidly contracting into the humanoid form of the *Black Marsh*.

Determining the direction in which the Heavenly Calamity Sword had fled, the Black Marsh was just about to pursue it when…

Long Jiuyuan made his move!

He struck with full force, holding nothing back.

The outcome of the battle was already determined.

The Black Marsh was annihilated.

Long Jiuyuan successfully achieved Dao Integration!

“I recall that in the great battle in Tianling Prefecture in my previous life, a newly integrated Dao powerhouse fell. I wonder if this newly ascended Immortal Sage will escape such a fate.”

This thought flickered through Li Fan’s mind as he approached his destination.

It appeared to be a deserted island.

The island itself wasn’t important; it was the man on it who was Li Fan’s true target.

It was none other than the long-missing Han Yi!

After narrowly escaping death from Li Fan and retreating into the ocean’s depths, he hadn’t surfaced since.

Only recently had Li Fan sensed his return to the cultivation world.

He hadn’t returned through the previous underwater cavern but had emerged from ruins a thousand miles away.

Han Yi looked quite haggard, his clothes torn and bloodstained.

He seemed severely injured and had chosen a nearby island for rest.

Upon detecting this scene, Li Fan decisively pursued him.

Concealing himself, Li Fan watched Han Yi from a distance.

They hadn’t met in a long time, and Han Yi was still at the peak of Qi Condensation, yet to achieve Foundation Establishment.

However, a new, inexplicable aura clung to him.

Li Fan hadn’t noticed it before.

But now, due to Han Yi’s injuries and resulting unconsciousness, the aura emerged naturally, assisting in Han Yi’s recovery.

His pale face regained color, and his weak breathing grew steady and strong.

A strange glint flickered in Li Fan’s eyes.

After a moment’s thought, Li Fan revealed himself and first used the “Binding Insect” spell to immobilize Han Yi.

Then, he activated the “Cloudwater Dream-Illusion Technique” to enter Han Yi’s dreamscape.

Perhaps due to the recent calamity he’d endured, Han Yi’s mental defenses were surprisingly fragile.

It didn’t take long for Li Fan to break through.

In the dreamscape, Li Fan gained insight into Han Yi’s experiences over the recent period.

That day, after being drawn into a sudden underwater vortex, Han Yi lost consciousness.

When he awoke, he found himself bound tightly, stripped of all clothing.

Surrounding him were terrifying creatures with human bodies and beastly faces.

They danced in a circle, seemingly engaged in some ritual.

At the center blazed a fierce fire.

It looked like Han Yi was being offered as a sacrifice to the flames.

Horrified, Han Yi struggled to break free.

But to his despair, there was no trace of spiritual energy in the area.

For some reason, his spiritual power had also dried up.

As helpless as a mortal, Han Yi could only watch as the beast-faced creatures chanted and prepared to throw him into the flames.

Just as Han Yi thought he was doomed, the sky darkened.

Suddenly, torrential rain poured down, quenching the fire in moments.

Han Yi’s heart leaped with joy.

The monsters, however, were terrified.

They threw Han Yi aside and began kowtowing in terror.

The rainstorm continued for half a day.

The creatures remained kneeling in the rain, pleading for mercy.

Only after the rain stopped did they slowly disperse.

Han Yi, intended as a sacrifice, was then imprisoned once more.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 554


During his captivity, Han Yi had attempted to escape. However, the monsters seemed to place great importance on him, maintaining a seamless, constant watch. They never gave Han Yi the slightest opportunity.

Faced with the relentless, predatory stares of his monstrous guards, Han Yi could only swallow his frustration and abandon his escape plans. Fortunately, the conditions in this prison weren’t too unbearable; the monsters would bring him food and water on time each day, so he wasn’t overly uncomfortable.

After about ten days, the monsters once again tied Han Yi up tightly and brought him to the stake for another sacrificial ritual.

“My fate is sealed! If I’d known it would end like this, I might have preferred to die at the hands of that other cultivator!” Han Yi thought to himself.

Just as he was despairing, something unexpected happened. Thunder rumbled across the sky, and soon a torrential downpour fell, instantly extinguishing the fire that had taken so much effort to ignite.

This turn of events left not only the monsters shocked and terrified, but Han Yi was also stunned. He stared in bewilderment, barely registering when he was brought back to his cell.

The third sacrifice was particularly delayed. Among the monsters, it seemed some internal conflict was brewing. Even from within his cell, Han Yi could hear faint sounds of fierce arguments coming from outside.

After a full thirty days, they finally brought him out again. This time, the day seemed carefully chosen—clear and bright. Each monster wore an expression of grave seriousness, and there was no trace of the noisy scene from the previous sacrifices.

In contrast, Han Yi felt utterly calm. Not only was he unafraid, but he even found himself anticipating something.

The monsters chanted a mysterious hymn in unison and began dancing wildly. Amid the singing and dancing, Han Yi was brought closer and closer to the fire.Just then, a strange wind swept through, throwing the previously orderly monsters into disarray, scattering even the carefully stacked firewood. Flames burst forth, setting the monsters’ village ablaze, yet Han Yi stood miraculously untouched.

Seeing this, Han Yi couldn’t help but laugh aloud, while the chaotic monsters looked at him with fearful glances, carefully observing his figure among the flames.

From that point on, Han Yi’s status in the monster village changed dramatically. Not only was he no longer imprisoned, but he was given the most comfortable house in the village, and his meals were now the best the village could offer. When the monsters saw him, they no longer glared menacingly but instead bowed their heads in submission, avoiding his gaze.

Despite his improved treatment, Han Yi, a proud Qi Condensation stage cultivator, found it difficult to accept this almost primitive lifestyle. He considered escape again but ultimately decided against it. This world was vastly different from the cultivation world and lacked spiritual energy. Here, he was no different from an ordinary, powerless human. In the monster village, he was safe; attempting a reckless escape could lead him straight into danger and cost him his life.

Thus, Han Yi decided to temporarily settle in the village. He began learning the monsters’ language, hoping to communicate with them. Over time, Han Yi slowly came to understand his situation. This village was called “Zhu,” located in an endless wilderness inhabited by similar human-beast hybrid creatures.

The fewer human traits a creature had, the stronger it was. Villages like Zhu, with human bodies and beast-like faces, were among the weakest. In the depths of the wilderness, it was said that fully beast-like supremes possessed the power to split mountains and rivers.

Han Yi, fully human in appearance, was seen as an “aberration,” a being that offended the divine. He was destined to be burned alive as a sacrifice to appease the gods’ wrath. Yet, after three failed sacrificial attempts, the monsters of Zhu village sensed that Han Yi, this aberration, was extraordinary and reluctantly abandoned their plans to burn him.

In the village's central altar, Han Yi saw a statue of what the monsters called their god. It was a majestic, proud mystical bird, standing tall. Seeing the statue, Han Yi was deeply moved, confirming his suspicions. This deity strongly resembled the fabled black bird of destiny recorded in the "Heavenly Fate Sutra" he practiced.

“Though there is no spiritual energy here, preventing me from cultivating, the ‘Feather of the Black Bird’ I prepared for Foundation Establishment in my dantian feels as though it has returned home,” he thought, feeling an inexplicable energy flowing through the air, allowing the feather to undergo a gradual transformation.

According to the "Heavenly Fate Sutra", the Black Bird Clan’s powers, cultivated to the utmost, could achieve a state where “Heaven’s fate aligns with my fate, and my destiny is Heaven’s mandate.” Heaven and self would become one, indistinguishable. Achieving such a state in the Xuanhuang Realm was virtually impossible. Not even a beast lord could reach that level.

Thus, the Sutra suggested an alternative approach: to find a small world as a personal sanctuary. Merging with the small world’s fate would be much easier, and once achieved, the Black Bird would become akin to the very essence of Heaven’s Way within that small world, capable of transforming landscapes with a mere thought.

“What the Feather of the Black Bird is absorbing must be this world’s fragmented, wandering ‘Heavenly Fate,’” Han Yi pondered. “The heavenly fate of this world should have belonged to the Black Bird that once ruled here. Under normal circumstances, an outsider like me shouldn’t be able to absorb it—even with the Sutra and the Black Bird’s feather.”

“The only possible explanation…” Han Yi’s eyes gleamed with excitement.

“…is that the Black Bird that once fused with this world’s fate has perished!”

“And it couldn’t have been too long ago, for the world’s original fate has yet to recover. The Heavenly Fate remains broken, scattered like unclaimed treasure.”

“The path of fate is incredibly subtle; most cultivators can’t detect it. Even if they do, it would be useless to them,” Han Yi thought, a glint of ambition and greed flashing in his eyes.

“This place is nothing short of a treasure trove for me!”

“By instinctively reaching out for survival, I can manipulate the dispersed Heavenly Fate to summon wind and rain. If I could fully absorb the Heavenly Fate of this world…” Ȑ

Han Yi’s eyes glowed with a fierce determination and boundless ambition.

“I narrowly escaped death, and now fortune favors me!” He looked out over the vast, unknown world with a surge of boldness.

“When I return to the Xuanhuang Realm with control over the Heavenly Fate of this world, I shall soar like a dragon, unstoppable!”

Imagining the scenes awaiting him, a faint, uncontrollable smile crept onto Han Yi’s lips.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 555


However, things rarely go as one wishes in life.

For a period after this, Han Yi lived quite comfortably in this “Zhu” village.

With no worries about food or clothing, he spent his spare time using the "Mystic Black Bird Feather" within his dantian to absorb the drifting Heavenly Fate in the world around him.

Whenever the Zhu village was attacked by monsters from other settlements, he secretly activated the "Authority of Heavenly Fate," conjuring winds and storms, shifting sand and stone to help them repel waves of foreign enemies.

As a result, Han Yi’s standing in the Zhu village rose significantly.

The monsters of Zhu village went so far as to build a towering stone structure as his palace residence. They also assigned him ten strong and formidable guards for his protection. They even intended to offer him the village’s most sacred “maiden.” Seeing her cat-headed, humanoid form made him shiver with discomfort, and he swiftly declined.

Just when Han Yi thought he would play the role of “Son of God” in Zhu village for a long time, an unexpected event occurred.

One night, he suddenly awoke from a deep sleep, inexplicably filled with a sense of dread.

Rising quietly to inspect the area, he was shocked to find that the ten personal guards, who should have been guarding him day and night, had all disappeared without a trace.

Realizing something was wrong, he barely had time to gather his belongings before attempting to flee the palace.At that moment, he discovered that while he had slept, nearly a hundred masked soldiers in black had surrounded his palace.

In the flickering firelight of the palace, Han Yi could vaguely make out that these soldiers had a higher degree of beastification than the inhabitants of Zhu village. Although they retained human forms, their limbs were robust and their hands had transformed to resemble those of beasts.

This group was clearly targeting him.

Sensing the danger, Han Yi steeled himself and activated all the Heavenly Fate he had accumulated over recent days.

As the soldiers searched for his whereabouts, a stream of light suddenly brightened the sky, illuminating the night. A massive fireball plummeted directly toward Zhu village.

The black-clad soldiers were momentarily stunned by the sight, and the villagers of Zhu, awakened from their slumber, looked up at what seemed like the arrival of an apocalypse, bewildered and terrified.

Meanwhile, Han Yi, sensing the depletion of the Heavenly Fate he had amassed, hid himself in a corner made of solid stone.

Initially, Han Yi thought that the meteor he had summoned with all his strength would crush all of the black-clad soldiers to death.

Unexpectedly, as the fatal threat approached, one of the soldiers let out a thunderous roar, and his body expanded several times over. He launched himself into the air, charging directly toward the meteor.

“Boom!”

With a violent explosion, the figure fell back to the ground even faster than he had ascended, drenched in blood and mangled beyond recognition.

Yet the meteor Han Yi had summoned veered slightly off course, falling instead toward the village center, where the houses were densest.

“Boom!”

The ground shook.

In the blink of an eye, Zhu village was reduced to ruins, with cries and wails echoing through the air.

The black-clad soldiers, although they avoided a direct hit from the meteor, couldn’t escape the aftermath, suffering heavy casualties.

Having prepared in advance and with a trace of residual Heavenly Fate shielding him, Han Yi was unharmed.

Knowing he couldn’t stay any longer, he used the cover of night and chaos to escape Zhu village alone.

After fleeing more than ten miles, just when he thought he was safe, he sensed a breeze approaching from behind. Panicked, he tried to dodge but was a fraction too slow, failing to avoid it completely.

A blade-like gust sliced a deep wound across his back.

Enduring the searing pain, Han Yi turned to find his assailant—and to his shock, it was a familiar face.

The Zhu village high priest, Si!

Feigning anger, Han Yi demanded to know why Si had attacked him, all the while secretly gathering Heavenly Fate, hoping for a chance to survive.

Si, perhaps believing that Han Yi was already cornered and destined for doom, didn’t rush to strike again. Instead, he revealed the reason behind the attack with bitter resentment.

It turned out that since Han Yi had repeatedly performed “divine miracles,” Si, who had once held a revered position and enjoyed the villagers’ respect, had gradually been “pushed out.”

It was easy to understand.

As the village priest, his primary duty was to represent the villagers in communicating with the gods—praying to the gods on their behalf and delivering divine decrees to the people.

But with Han Yi’s presence, performing miracles almost akin to a god incarnate, why would the villagers seek out a mere “spokesperson” when they had a living divine presence?

Losing his role as the interpreter of divine will, Si’s former honor was all but overtaken by Han Yi.

Watching Han Yi reside in the grand palace, witnessing villagers bow in reverence whenever he appeared, jealousy festered in Si’s heart like a venomous snake.

Even though Han Yi displayed godlike power, Si harbored thoughts of “killing a god.”

But clearly, no one in Zhu village would support such a plan.

So, he set his sights on Kang village, more than ten miles away.

Kang village was much stronger than Zhu village, with inhabitants at a higher level of beastification. Yet despite this, the two villages had never had serious conflicts. The boundless wilderness offered nearly inexhaustible resources.

Even if Kang and Zhu occasionally clashed, they usually resolved it peacefully through negotiation.

Si’s secret visit, however, changed everything.

Si informed the Kang village leader about the “divine descent” in Zhu village. He warned that with divine assistance, the Zhu village chief’s ambitions were swelling. He intended to use the power of the god to sweep through the wilderness and become the “Emperor” uniting it all.

Such a course would inevitably lead to a bloody slaughter.

Unwilling to see so many lives lost, Si had secretly come to enlist Kang’s help in eradicating Han Yi, whom he deemed a fraud exploiting the name of the divine.

After a round of persuasion, the Kang village leader agreed that allowing Zhu village to control a “divine entity” was too dangerous.

Thus, after more than ten days of planning, with Si as the informant, Kang waited for the perfect moment and led a hundred elite warriors to encircle Han Yi’s palace.

Although Si had told him of the divine’s power to summon winds and rains, Kang remained confident.

His elite force had fought through mountains of corpses and rivers of blood, unafraid of swords—how could mere wind and rain faze them?

That is, until the falling meteor shattered Kang’s worldview.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 556


Back to the present moment, the people of Kang Village have suffered heavy casualties.

In the shadows, Si watched with bloodshot eyes, barely containing his rage.

He could hardly believe that Han Yi was truly capable of summoning heavenly starfire like some kind of god.

Not only had the plan to ambush Han Yi failed, but his childhood home and beloved Zhu Village were nearly destroyed in the calamity.

Familiar faces had become nothing more than burnt corpses, fragmented and broken.

Anger, jealousy, resentment...

All these emotions surged in Si’s heart, finally converging into a single thought.

"Kill him! Kill him!"

In the dim night, Han Yi's figure had completely vanished.

But Si, who had served as the High Priest for decades, possessed methods of communion with the gods that were not mere illusions.Although the energy surrounding Han Yi was different from that of the deity Si worshipped, he was still able to follow the faint residual traces in the air and ultimately catch up to Han Yi.

"Die! Such so-called deities should never have set foot on this land!"

With a twisted expression, Si voiced the suppressed words that had been buried in his heart.

As he chanted, Han Yi suddenly realized with shock that the wind around them was gathering in Si's hands.

Compressed to the extreme, it shot towards Han Yi.

"So, the heavenly fate can be used in this way?"

Han Yi was both surprised and delighted.

Though another wound was carved into his body, his eyes grew brighter.

He dodged while simultaneously sensing and studying Si’s method of controlling the wind blades.

Until, at the brink of collapse, covered in blood, he finally succeeded.

When he summoned his first wind blade, its color was deeper than Si’s, and the momentum far more imposing.

It tore through the air with a sharp whistle, crushing Si’s wind blade and continuing forward.

In Si’s stunned, unwilling gaze, it pierced through his body, reversing the situation and ending his life.

Han Yi, wounded all over, let out a relieved breath and collapsed into a deep sleep.

When he awoke, he found that all his injuries had healed in just a single night.

Unable to determine the reason, Han Yi didn’t dwell on it and instead continued his escape into the wilderness.

But soon, he noticed that small search parties were scouring the land for him everywhere.

The falling stars that night had been such a grand spectacle.

The destruction of one village and the severe damage to another could hardly be kept a secret.

Rumors of a "god descending" quickly spread throughout the wildlands.

Regardless of whether Han Yi’s claim to being god was true or not, his ability to summon storms and stars was beyond doubt.

If he could be controlled, unifying the wastelands under both law and strength would no longer be just a dream.

With ambitions to seize the title of “Emperor,” nearly every tribe began to pursue Han Yi.

In the wilderness filled with monstrous beasts, his human appearance was also far too conspicuous.

He had no choice but to constantly flee in disgrace to save his life.

Fortunately, he was protected by Heavenly Fate, which sharpened his senses to danger.

And ever since the battle with Si, besides wind blades, Han Yi had also mastered the technique of wind manipulation.

While not as swift as a cultivator's flight technique, it was much faster than simply walking.

Thus, although constantly hunted, Han Yi managed to avoid capture.

---

"Wind, water, fire, lightning..."

"They are all part of the world. By harnessing Heavenly Fate, I can control these elements to kill enemies without any problem."

"According to the Heavenly Fate Sutra, the earliest cultivators seemed to wield power in this way—petitioning the heavens for authority and manipulating all things."

"Back then, they apparently called themselves ‘Warlocks’."

Having grown accustomed to a life of hiding, wandering in the wilds for what seemed like ages, Han Yi lay in a freshly dug earthen cave, murmuring to himself.

A faint flame danced on his fingertips, illuminating the dark space around him.

Even in this world without spiritual energy, he managed to perform feats that only cultivators could typically achieve.

"If I fully integrate with this world’s fragmented Heavenly Fate, then my powers here may rival even the Longevity Immortal of the Xuanhuang Realm."

As hope rekindled in Han Yi’s eyes and he began to look forward to the future again, he suddenly felt the ground trembling slightly.

"Boom!"

"Boom!"

Thunderous footsteps echoed from a distance, growing louder as they drew closer.

Han Yi's expression shifted as an overwhelming sense of danger flooded his mind.

Cursing under his breath, he broke through the earth, quickly oriented himself, and used the wind to flee.

Behind him, a colossal white elephant the size of a mountain was in hot pursuit.

The massive creature ignored all obstacles in its path, charging toward Han Yi with its four powerful legs.

Even with his wind manipulation pushed to the limit, Han Yi couldn’t shake off the white elephant.

The chase attracted the attention of nearby beasts, who soon spotted Han Yi and joined in the hunt.

With more and more beasts surrounding him, Han Yi's escape routes were rapidly narrowing.

Feeling cornered, a fierce light flashed in Han Yi’s eyes.

Over time, he had absorbed a substantial amount of Heavenly Fate.

If he unleashed it all at once, he could trigger a disaster on the scale of a mountain collapse, burying all these beasts.

But doing so would nullify all his efforts, subject him to backlash, and leave him gravely injured.

Just as Han Yi hesitated, he suddenly sensed a faint trace of spiritual energy around him.

Though weak, Han Yi, who hadn’t felt the nourishment of spiritual energy in a long time, knew he wasn’t mistaken.

Where there is spiritual energy, there is the possibility of performing spells.

Even the weakest spells from the Qi Condensation stage would be beyond the capabilities of these beasts, who relied solely on their physical might.

Overjoyed, Han Yi immediately followed the spiritual energy’s direction and ran.

He finally stopped at a deep ravine.

"Could this be..."

Sensing the faint flow of spiritual energy, which halted just outside the ravine’s bounds, Han Yi was overjoyed.

"This seems to be a pathway back to the Xuanhuang Realm!"

Since arriving in this small world, Han Yi had relentlessly searched for a way back to the Xuanhuang Realm.

He had scoured the area around Zhu Village but had not found the entrance.

This small world was vast, and for him to find a way back alone was akin to searching for a needle in a haystack.

But by a stroke of fate, today, while at the edge of despair, he had stumbled upon the path home.

"Indeed, heaven hasn’t forsaken me!"

Han Yi cast a cold glance back at the horde of beasts hot on his heels.

A sneer crossed his face: "Once I return, master my skills, and make all the necessary preparations, I’ll come back here to settle accounts with you all!"

With this thought, Han Yi dove into the depths of the ravine.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 557


Han Yi thought he had finally escaped from danger, but he had no idea that deep in the valley below, where spiritual energy flowed, there were still some demonic beasts living!

These creatures, unlike those in the smaller realms, could absorb and cultivate with spiritual energy.

White snakes, flying falcons, and two-headed monkeys…

They resembled the traditional images of ancient demonic beasts.

Caught completely off guard, Han Yi plunged right into the midst of this demonic beast horde.

Fortunately, these beasts had lived in this secluded valley, cut off from the world, and had never seen humans.

While Han Yi was terrified out of his wits, more than half of the beasts, equally frightened, scattered and fled.

As for the rest, well, they weren't so easily deterred.

Seeing an unknown intruder in their territory, their innate ferocity was triggered, and they attacked Han Yi without hesitation.

Han Yi took a deep breath of spiritual energy, casting a protective spell on himself while condensing energy into a sword to slash at the beasts.Blood sprayed like mist, and in an instant, more than a dozen beasts were decapitated.

However, the scent of blood only drove the beasts into an even greater frenzy.

Fearless, they charged forward like a tidal wave.

And in the distance, it seemed like an endless number of demonic beasts were rushing toward him.

Han Yi knew he couldn't linger here, so he fought while retreating, moving deeper into the valley.

The closer he got to the valley's depths, the richer the spiritual energy became.

The denser energy allowed Han Yi to wield his full strength, the culmination of his Qi Condensation cultivation.

But correspondingly, the demonic beasts inhabiting this area also grew stronger.

Gritting his teeth, Han Yi used every ounce of his strength and finally carved out a path through the beasts.

He found an obscure, chaotic-looking cave at the very bottom of the valley and escaped back to the Xuanhuang Realm.

Taking a deep breath of the familiar, sweet air, Han Yi was still rattled and hadn’t even had a moment to rest.

Yet, he felt an inexplicable sense of danger creeping over him, as if someone were watching, his heart racing uncontrollably.

Already as jumpy as a frightened bird, Han Yi ignored his injuries and hurriedly took flight again.

It was only after a long time that the lingering unease in his heart slowly faded.

Physically and mentally exhausted to the extreme, Han Yi found a nearby deserted island.

Barely managing to land, he collapsed, fainting on the spot.

---

Back to the present.

Through the Cloud Water Illusion Technique, Li Fan had observed all of Han Yi’s experiences over the past few years, a look of interest flickering in his eyes. Ŗ

"This kid’s experiences are truly colorful."

"Life-and-death crises that ordinary cultivators might never encounter in a lifetime, he’s faced them all in a single adventure."

"Logically speaking, if he were an ordinary person, he should have died countless times by now."

"But somehow, he narrowly escaped death every single time."

"The Heavenly Fate Sutra, the Feather of the Mystic Black Bird… are these the sources of your confidence?"

Looking at the peacefully sleeping Han Yi, Li Fan stroked his chin.

“‘Misfortune hides in fortune, and fortune lies in misfortune.’ No wonder in your last life you managed to win the fish-head prize, obtained the lost treasure of the Blue Feather, and acquired the Heavenly Blue Feather Pill. With such incredible luck, yet when exploring ruins with my clone, you often met setbacks.”

Li Fan paused, then gave a slight smile.

"You’re not wrong, though. With perfect Qi Condensation cultivation, you’ve managed to break through to the Golden Core stage within a decade. Then you even found a Dao-complementing skill at the Derivation Law Jade suited to your path..."

“It’s truly worthy of being called ‘Soaring Dragon in the Sky, Unstoppable Momentum.’”

“Too bad you encountered me.”

Li Fan's eyes were devoid of emotion, icy and cold.

With a light touch of his finger, he pointed at Han Yi's forehead.

"In this life, your path of fate will still follow my design."

After making Han Yi experience certain scenarios in his dreams, Li Fan finally withdrew his supernatural powers.

"The Heavenly Fate Sutra, interesting."

"But for now, it can remain with you."

With a faint gaze sweeping over Han Yi’s face, Li Fan's figure gradually faded away.

A long time after, Han Yi slowly awakened.

"Hiss..."

"It felt like a dream. I was reminded of the troubles in that small world again." He felt a faint throbbing in his mind and instinctively massaged his temples to relieve it.

After a while, the pain subsided, and Han Yi let out a gentle sigh.

"I really don’t know if I’m lucky or cursed!"

Lying on the ground, he recalled his experiences in that small world and couldn't help but laugh with a mix of anger.

"It must be because my 'Heavenly Fate Sutra' has yet to reach perfection, causing backlash."

After a long reflection, Han Yi seemed to have an epiphany.

"Earlier, I narrowly escaped death at the hands of that mysterious figure; it was a stroke of heavenly luck."

"But immediately afterward, I suffered backlash and was captured by a creature in a muddled state."

"Relying on my fate protection to survive once more, I faced another backlash and was hunted down by Si."

"And even at the brink of despair, I found a sliver of hope. But soon after, I encountered yet another life-and-death crisis, besieged by demonic beasts."

"..."

Han Yi’s eyes lit up, and he suddenly felt a breakthrough in his thoughts.

"Blessings and misfortunes go hand in hand, indistinguishable from one another."

"If I only take without giving, it’s hard to endure long-term. Only by balancing calamities with fortune and using my destiny at the most crucial moments is the true path!"

With his thoughts fully aligned, a surge of spiritual power suddenly emanated from Han Yi’s body.

The spiritual energy from all directions was drawn toward him.

Above the deserted island, a faint tornado seemed to form.

And within Han Yi’s dantian, the black feather of the mystic black bird began to disintegrate, completely merging into his dantian.

This scene marked Han Yi's successful enlightenment upon returning to the Xuanhuang Realm after facing life and death ordeals.

He had directly succeeded in establishing his Foundation.

After years of bitter striving with no success, today he finally achieved his long-cherished wish.

Han Yi felt all the resentment in his chest swept away.

He let out a long howl to vent the frustration pent up inside.

However, his howl lasted only a moment before he abruptly stopped.

He instinctively scanned his surroundings and, seeing no immediate danger lurking nearby, finally relaxed a little.

"Forget it, there’s no need to be too arrogant."

"It’s only the Foundation Establishment stage; my future path, Dao Integration is set, and Longevity is within reach!"

A hint of self-satisfaction filled Han Yi’s heart.

After a while, he began to contemplate: "Now that I've established my Foundation, but all my possessions were consumed by that Foundation Establishment master."

"Truly, I’m left with nothing. I need to find a way to earn some contribution points."

Narrowing his eyes, he quickly came up with an idea.

"I heard that in the Congyun Sea, there’s a trick called the 'Fish Gambling'. Those with good fortune could get rich overnight."

"This is just made for me!"

"Hmph, watch my skill!"

With this thought, Han Yi rose into the air and flew towards the location of Fish Gambling Island he recalled from memory.

Unbeknownst to Han Yi, in the sky, a gaze was constantly watching him.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 558


After watching Han Yi leave, Li Fan shifted his gaze southwest.

Looking into the distance, his sight seemed to cross thousands of miles, reaching a deep trench at the bottom of the sea.

This was the location where Han Yi appeared after fleeing from the small world in a panic.

"A small world devoid of mortals, populated entirely by Beastkind…" Li Fan frowned slightly.

Based on Han Yi’s memories, Li Fan thought that the creatures in that small world resembled Beastkind he had encountered several times before—existences that were half-human, half-beast.

Yet, there were subtle differences.

While both combined human and demonic beast characteristics, Beastkind leaned more toward the "human" aspect.

On the other hand, the creatures in the small world Han Li experienced were closer to "demonic beasts."

This distinction could be discerned from whether their heads resembled humans or beasts.

Even more interesting was a legend that Han Yi heard about this world.At the dawn of recorded history, most inhabitants of the wilderness were half-human, half-beast. There were even some pure "humans."

But over time, highly beastified mutants occasionally began to appear among the descendants of these residents.

Initially, these mutants were viewed as deviants, abandoned, or even hunted.

However, when some of these mutants tenaciously survived and displayed immense power, things began to change.

They slaughtered the original villages and migrated deeper into the wilderness, establishing a new order.

In this new order, the more beastified an individual was, the higher their status and respect.

The stark difference in ideologies inevitably led to war.

In the wilderness, the strong commanded respect. The beastified, atavistic mutants were clearly stronger as individuals than the ordinary Beastkind.

Although they initially had fewer numbers and could only fight evenly with the other side, over time, their numbers grew, and they began to display overwhelming power in the war.

After the bloodshed, the opposition naturally disappeared.

Thus, the wilderness transformed into the scene that Han Yi witnessed, where "the beast is revered, and humans are the deviants."

"Perhaps this is related to the backup plan that Emperor One prepared for the demonic beast race. But from the looks of it, his plan seems to have failed."

"The bloodline of demonic beasts, once activated, is vastly superior to ordinary humans."

Li Fan then thought of the deity of that world—the "Mystic Fate Black bird."

Although there were other beings within the Mystic Black Bird clan, Li Fan felt an inexplicable sensation when he saw the deity’s statue.

This Heavenly Fate Mystic Blackbird was, in fact, "Little Black," the creature he had once possessed in the Fallen Immortal Realm and who had once accompanied Xu Ke.

There was no concrete evidence, just a mysterious feeling possibly due to his previous possession.

"Did it really fall?"

"Strange."

"Even a mere Azure Luan bird is still alive. It doesn’t make sense that the Black Bird, fused with the fate of an entire small world, fell first."

Li Fan’s brow furrowed, puzzled.

After pondering for a while, he felt relieved.

Among humans, strength often corresponds to longevity.

However, among demonic beasts, this principle doesn’t necessarily apply.

Although he was very interested in that small world, Li Fan also knew that now was not the right time to explore it.

Just because Han Yi was only at the peak of Qi Condensation and unable to use spiritual energy, yet could still stir up storms there, didn’t mean that small world was devoid of danger.

It’s important to understand that Han Yi, by using the 'Heavenly Fate Sutra' to control ambient fate, essentially acted as a half-destined child of fate.

Naturally, this allowed him to turn misfortunes into blessings and avert disasters.

If Li Fan recklessly barged in without using similar fate-manipulating techniques, who knows what sort of bad luck he might encounter?

He could very well run into a thousand-year-old demon lurking in the wilderness the moment he stepped in.

After all, the sense of impending danger he had when he wanted to follow Han Yi into the undersea cave that day was no illusion.

Without mastering fate-control techniques, Li Fan wasn’t willing to take on unknown risks.

“No matter; soon enough, I’ll learn what exactly happened back then in the Fallen Immortal Realm,” he thought, as he withdrew his gaze and headed to the nearest outpost island.

Before long, he arrived at Chongwu Island.

The guard of Chongwu Island, named Huang Ranqi, was at the late Foundation Establishment stage.

As his nominal subordinate, Li Fan knew a bit about him.

He was petty about minor issues, but clueless in major ones—constantly making small mistakes and insatiably greedy.

He was, in fact, the perfect candidate.

Li Fan concealed his true cultivation, displaying only the aura of peak Foundation Establishment as he went to pay his respects.

“What’s your name, fellow Daoist?” Huang Ranqi asked warmly, handing him a cup of tea with a friendly smile.

At the moment, Li Fan looked like his real self, not the “Ancient Heavenly Mechanism Cultivator” appearance, so naturally, Huang Ranqi didn’t recognize him.

Li Fan cupped his hands and said, “I am Li Fan.”

Cough, cough... Huang Ranqi, who had been sipping his tea with a relaxed look, almost spat it out upon hearing that.

He coughed a few times, trying to ease his embarrassment.

After a moment, he asked in surprise, “You’re also named Li Fan?”

Li Fan was taken aback and asked curiously, “Why would you say that, Daoist Huang? What do you mean, ‘also’?”

“Could it be, you know another cultivator named Li Fan?” He quickly realized and seemed genuinely surprised.

“Heh, fellow Daoist, have you been in closed-door cultivation for many years? Do you not even know the name of the Secret Envoy?” Huang Ranqi squinted his eyes, scrutinizing Li Fan closely.

“You’ve guessed right! I used to be a wandering cultivator in the Congyun Sea. A few years ago, I ventured out to find a breakthrough opportunity. Who would’ve thought I’d accidentally stumble into a dangerous small world and only recently manage to escape by pure luck,” Li Fan shook his head with a look of deep emotion.

As he spoke, he vividly described his experiences in the small world to Huang Ranqi.

“No spiritual energy, but filled with strange beasts?” Huang Ranqi was indeed captivated by the strange scenes Li Fan described.

“It’s quite impressive that you made it out of such a dangerous place alive,” he remarked with a sigh.

Li Fan nodded in agreement and replied, “You’re absolutely right, Daoist. Near-death experiences often bring insight. Not long after I returned, I broke through my bottleneck and reached peak Foundation Establishment.”

“As I mentioned, I used to be just a wandering cultivator. For the sake of so-called ‘freedom,’ I didn’t want to join the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and endure endless toil. But after this life-threatening ordeal, I’ve come to understand—if you’re alive, freedom doesn’t mean a thing!”

Li Fan spoke sincerely, “So, I humbly ask for your introduction, Daoist!”

Huang Ranqi pondered for a moment and observed Li Fan from head to toe, but he didn’t agree immediately.

“I’ve heard the Five Elders Association and our Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance have had some tense encounters recently, with frequent skirmishes. You’re not a spy from the Five Elders Association, are you?” Huang Ranqi suddenly asked.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 559


Li Fan maintained a calm expression and said, "Friend, you must be joking."

"I just heard you mention that the newly appointed Secret Envoy is also named Li Fan."

"If I were truly a spy for the Five Elders Association, why would I choose such a conspicuous name and draw unnecessary attention?"

Huang Ranqi thought this made some sense and nodded slightly.

Li Fan continued, "I also heard that before a cultivator joins the alliance, their identity is thoroughly verified. With the extraordinary abilities of the Immortal Alliance, if anything were amiss with me, it would surely be detected on the spot. In that case, you'd be the hero who exposes a spy and earns great merit."

"So, why worry?"

After some consideration, Huang Ranqi was finally convinced by Li Fan’s words. He took the lead in applying for a talisman of passage on Li Fan's behalf and then escorted him through the teleportation formation on the island, arriving at Congyun Immortal City.

Seeing the city floating amidst the clouds, Li Fan showed a hint of surprise. "I heard that the Immortal Alliance's base in the Congyun Sea was an island. Why is it now a floating city?"

"That's ancient history. If you're interested, you can ask around once you join the alliance," Huang Ranqi replied, clearly unwilling to elaborate.

Li Fan didn’t pursue the matter further.Soon, the two arrived at the entrance of the Tianxuan Mirror.

"This is the Tianxuan Mirror," Huang Ranqi introduced.

Li Fan appeared to listen attentively, but he was actually tense inside. As he pretended to focus, he secretly activated the "Sky-Shrouding Palm" Secret technique and prepared his [Truth] to make a swift escape if necessary.

Based on his past-life experience of merging with objects and traversing countless eras, Li Fan knew that the Sky-Shrouding Hand Technique, which had been refined repeatedly in the struggle between the Covering Heaven Alliance and the Mysterious Net, could evade the Tianxuan Mirror's perception.

In addition, the 'Mysterious Transformation of True Spirit'—derived from the Derivation Law Jade—was a mystical technique capable of altering one's aura, fate, blood, spiritual consciousness, and soul essence.

Thus, the Tianxuan Mirror shouldn't detect that he and the Secret Envoy Li Fan of Congyun Immortal City were actually the same person.

Still, one could never be too cautious.

With a multitude of thoughts flashing through his mind, Li Fan followed Huang Ranqi and entered the Tianxuan Mirror.

To his relief, what he feared did not happen. The Tianxuan Mirror didn’t recognize him as the Secret Envoy Li Fan; instead, it assigned him a new identity. Huang Ranqi, who received an introductory reward applicable to a Foundation Establishment cultivator, had no reason to suspect him further.

After some brief conversation, Huang Ranqi took his leave, and Li Fan was able to rejoin the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance under his true identity.

"It seems my guess was correct: the mirrored version of the Tianxuan Mirror, created by the 'Empowerment' process, is far weaker than the original."

"While part of this is due to my Sky-Shrouding Hand Technique being ahead of its time, infiltrating was still surprisingly easy."

"No wonder the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is filled with spies from the Five Elders Association."

Li Fan felt a sense of irony.

On the day the Five Elders Association attacked the Ten Thousand Immortal Island, the Tianxuan Mirror inexplicably ceased to function, turning into a mere stone. This had inspired Li Fan to make this bold attempt, which ended as he had anticipated.

Not lingering in the Tianxuan Mirror, he used his contribution points to purchase a storage ring. Then, he traveled through the teleportation formation to Tianling Prefecture.

Without leaving Tianling City, Li Fan quietly waited there. If the Five Elders Association did indeed assault the Five Elements Great

Cave Heaven, his past-life experience indicated that a Dao Integration cultivator would fall in the brutal battle.

And the spectacle of a Dao Integration cultivator’s death would encompass the entire region.

This would allow Li Fan to confirm the event as soon as it happened.

Naturally, to avoid suspicion, Li Fan did not simply idle but wandered around the shops in Tianling City.

"Heavenly Spirit Flowers? Yes, yes, please take a look at these," the shopkeeper said eagerly, displaying several potted flowers for Li Fan.

The Heavenly Spirit Flower was a unique product of Tianling Prefecture. Each flower bloomed with a different number of petals, and each petal would display a unique scene—whether a lush green mountain, a mighty river, or a snow-covered landscape. One flower could encapsulate the beauty of various places in the world, as if blessed by heaven itself.

If you were to ask the flower’s purpose... the answer would be, none.

Its only use was ornamental. Unfortunately, the flower had a short lifespan; once in bloom, it only lasted seven days, or about a month if stored in a specially crafted wooden box.

Moreover, it was extremely sensitive to any form of energy. Exposure to spiritual energy fluctuations or spatial teleportation could blur or even erase the scenes on its petals, rendering it worthless.

Thus, cultivators who wished to admire the Heavenly Spirit Flower had no choice but to come to Tianling Prefecture to see it in its prime.

This rarity made the Heavenly Spirit Flower even more precious outside of Tianling Prefecture.

In his past life, during the great battle in Tianling Prefecture, the Heavenly Spirit Flower almost went extinct. But with everyone’s attention on the unprecedented conflict, no one cared to speculate about its price. Once the war ended and Tianling Prefecture began to recover, the flower gradually returned.

However, cultivators later discovered that due to the lingering bloodshed in its growth environment, the scenes on the flower’s petals no longer depicted natural beauty but rather horrifying images of cultivators slaughtering one another—a truly tragic sight.

People longed for the once-beautiful Heavenly Spirit Flower, but the scenes on the petals were beyond control. Attempts to transplant the flower to other regions failed, as it would instantly wither.

Thus, the Heavenly Spirit Flower, once a unique spectacle of Tianling, vanished from the world.

Recalling this past-life anecdote, Li Fan carefully selected a seventeen-petaled Heavenly Spirit Flower in the shop.

"This one."

"Just one? Won’t you choose more?" The shopkeeper seemed disappointed.

"One is enough," Li Fan said with a smile.

"Three hundred contribution points," the shopkeeper replied, quoting the price.

Li Fan paid gladly and carefully took the sealed wooden box containing the Heavenly Spirit Flower.

In the box, the Heavenly Spirit Flower bloomed vibrantly. With special treatment, it would stay in bloom for about thirty days.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 560


However, Li Fan knew of a way to completely seal it in ice.

Since the extinction of the Heavenly Spirit Flower, many formerly secret techniques have gradually spread.

One such technique, named Collection of Flowers, uses painting to permanently seal the Heavenly Spirit Flower within a canvas.

Originally, the Collection of Flowers wasn't intended specifically for the Heavenly Spirit Flower; rather, it was meant to immortalize every beautiful flower in the world.

The author of the Collection of Flowers, Zhao Chong, was deeply passionate about flowers. He vowed to see every flower under heaven.

So, he set out to record all flowers using brush and ink. Unfortunately, his talent for painting was mediocre, and his depictions were so far from reality they bordered on sacrilege.

After racking his brains, Zhao Chong eventually pioneered a unique approach—a "painting" technique that directly sealed real flowers onto paper. Though it lacked artistic spirit, it was lifelike and extraordinarily realistic.

In his previous life, Zhao Chong’s Collection of Flowers did not include the Heavenly Spirit Flower. Although he had long heard of its legendary beauty, he had intended to save the best for last. Consequently, he hesitated too long to capture it.

After the war that ravaged Tianling Prefecture, its natural wonders were no more. Zhao Chong deeply regretted his delay, crying his lament to anyone who would listen.

---At this moment, Li Fan put the box containing the Heavenly Spirit Flower into his pocket and continued wandering around the shop, feigning casual interest. Only after receiving a hostile glare from the shopkeeper did he reluctantly leave.

After exiting the shop, he made his way to the City Discourse Tower Hall in the city and rented a room. Using the Tianxuan Mirror, he purchased three items: [Ice Dew], [Image Capture Seal], and [Thousand Colors Silk]. Though not particularly valuable, they cost nearly all his contribution points.

Taking out the Tianling Flower’s seventeen petals, he placed them onto the [Thousand Colors Silk] and then soaked them in [Ice Dew]. As cold air gradually spread across the petals, he pressed down with the [Image Capture Seal].

Following the process Zhao Chong had described in his previous life, Li Fan carefully executed each step. The [Thousand Colors Silk] emitted a rainbow of lights, reflecting through the Tianling Flower and onto the [Image Capture Seal]. Like threads being woven together, the sealed Tianling Flower fused with the [Thousand Colors Silk] and [Image Capture Seal].

The light slowly faded, and soon a thin, transparent “paper” appeared in Li Fan’s hands. Although it felt flat, the flower on it looked just like a real, blooming flower. Every petal’s detail was vivid, and it seemed even to tremble slightly.

“That’s it,” Li Fan breathed a sigh of relief.

“All that remains is to add a protective layer of spiritual consciousness to prevent anyone from maliciously damaging it. But there’s no rush.”

Li Fan looked at the “artwork” in his hand, knowing it would soon become one of a kind in the Xuanhuang Realm. Its value would be incalculable, far beyond mere wealth; its unique appeal could accomplish tasks contribution points alone couldn’t.

With a smile, he admired it a bit longer before carefully storing it away.

He left the City Central Tower and wandered around Tianling City for three more days.

On that day, a wave of exclamations arose in the city.

“Look to the sky!”

Li Fan looked up, finally seeing the long-awaited scene.

A rolling black swamp resembling dark clouds filled the sky, blocking out the sun. Though it seemed imposing, it was actually dry and lifeless within.

At the same time, a voice emerged in Li Fan’s mind:

“Dao Integration cultivator Long Jiuyuan, after 286 years of cultivation, reached Foundation Establishment with the Scarlet Dragon Molt and achieved the Golden Core stage with the Four Techniques: Hidden Potential, Rising Dragon, Spell Breaking, and Life-and-Death Battle.

“By devouring the Hundred Abyss Cave Heaven, he achieved Nascent Soul and transformed his spirit with the Thousand Waters of Tianling. He offered the Spirit of the Black Marsh and united with the Dao in body and spirit. In Tianling Prefecture, he was gravely injured by the cultivator Xu Huating. His spirit perished, and he returned his Dao to the heavens.”

“...It really is him.” A sharp glint appeared in Li Fan’s eyes.

The fall of a Dao Integration cultivator meant an unavoidable battle was imminent. Soon, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would issue a war preparation announcement, and all provincial borders would be sealed.

Li Fan had to leave this perilous place before then and return to the relative calm of Congyun Sea which had been relatively calm during the battle of Tianling Prefecture.

As other cultivators stood frozen, Li Fan had already slipped into the teleportation formation. Only after he vanished did murmurs fill Tianling City.

“Long Jiuyuan? When did he achieve Dao Integration?”

“No way! How did he die?”

“Who is Xu Huating? He could actually kill a Dao Integration cultivator?”

“The most promising junior of the Long family has fallen just like that. This will certainly cause a stir.”

---

As the people of Tianling Prefecture processed their shock, disbelief spread across the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

A tremendous storm was forming, with Tianling Prefecture at its epicenter, spreading to engulf the entire alliance.

Shortly after:

In Congyun Sea.

He Zhenghao, anxiously monitoring his newly acquired supplies, was sweating bullets at every slight price fluctuation. Suddenly, the crisp mechanical voice of the Tianxuan Mirror echoed in his ears.

"Starting from this moment, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance enters a Class B state of readiness."

"All regional protective formations are to be activated."

"All cultivators are prohibited from moving across states."

"All members of the alliance's internal system must return to their state cities as soon as possible and await orders."

"Once any foreign cultivators are detected, they are to be killed on the spot, regardless of life or death."

The announcement repeated three times before ending.

He Zhenghao was initially stunned, then his eyes widened in shock as he jumped to his feet.

The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance was preparing for war with the Five Elders Association?

Terror seized his heart. He was about to contact Gao Yuan to discuss countermeasures when he remembered something and quickly looked down at the list of items on the Tianxuan Mirror.

Speculative traders are astonishingly quick to react.

While most cultivators in the alliance were still reeling from the impending war, prices for survival-related items were already skyrocketing.

The Heavenly Healing Pill, standardized Big Dipper Armor, Divine Martial Thunder, and Hundred Battle Formation Diagram—all the materials Li Fan had ordered He Zhenghao to stockpile—were rising in price at breakneck speed.

Not only these items, but anything related to survival and combat in the Tianxuan Mirror had surged in price.

Everyone knew that the current supply couldn’t possibly meet the cultivators’ demand.

With war looming, who could guarantee they wouldn’t end up on the battlefield? The more protection and preparation one had, the better one’s chances of survival.

Compared to one’s life, contribution points were inconsequential. Even at double the price, cultivators would pay willingly.

In a flash of insight, He Zhenghao realized, “The Lord’s foresight is truly uncanny!”

Looking at the soaring prices of his stockpile, He Zhenghao was both delighted and terrified.

The joy came from seeing his 100 million contribution points' worth of goods increase by a third in such a short time. But he feared that hoarding goods might lead to punishment by the Immortal alliance.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 561


He Zhenghao’s worries naturally disappeared once the prices for stockpiled resources doubled.

"One hundred million contribution points, that's a hundred million contribution points!" He Zhenghao’s eyes were bloodshot, and he trembled uncontrollably.

The continuous surge in prices was a mental stimulus that made him feel as though he was soaring, almost reaching the heavenly realm.

He Zhenghao swore that he had never been this exhilarated in his life.

"When the secret envoy handed me the list of resources, he casually mentioned that, since I’m in charge of this fundraising, my profit share would rise from one percent to ten percent, unlike the previous three times..."

"In just one day, I earned more contribution points than I ever could in a lifetime."

His blood rushed to his head, and He Zhenghao felt his body nearly boiling over.

Courage surged within him; even the strict laws of the Immortal Alliance that he usually revered seemed less intimidating.

"Raise it! Let the price soar! Surely, I’m not the only one doing this. The law won’t hold us all accountable!"

"Besides, if the heavens fall, the secret envoy will take the hit. I’m only following orders!""There’s no way I’ll be blamed!"

He Zhenghao mumbled to himself, quickly convincing himself and erasing any remaining fear.

All he felt was ecstasy at the immense profit.

Throughout the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, there were quite a few cultivators like He Zhenghao, celebrating in high spirits.

In an unknown location…

"A great harvest, an absolute windfall. This profit directly covers all our past losses, with extra left over!"

"See? I told you, that guy Li Fan has some real skill, and we bet on the right horse this time! Following his lead, we’re eating well!"

"Haha, Fellow Daoist Lü, didn’t you staunchly oppose this plan last time?"

"Don’t spout nonsense! You must be mistaken!"

...

Zhou Kebao watched his companions’ expressions of excitement, feeling a thrill himself.

To date, he had already earned nearly two million contribution points.

Although he didn’t know the exact profits of the others, judging by their reactions, it must have been considerable.

"Li Fan’s ability to predict events is truly terrifying. To foresee this sudden and unprovoked outbreak of war…"

As for the reason behind the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s sudden declaration of war, Zhou Kebao and the others were still inquiring.

So far, no clear answer had surfaced.

"Ah, I was too cautious. If only I’d invested a bit more back then."

This thought suddenly flashed in Zhou Kebao's mind.

Just then, a voice rang out.

"Hm? Where’s Fellow Daoist Long?"

The room fell silent for a moment.

"Yes, I remember him being quite decisive this time, investing at least five million contribution points in advance to stockpile resources. He must be making a fortune!" Ṝ

"Could he still be in seclusion, unaware that prices have skyrocketed?"

"I’ll contact him to share the good news!"

To their surprise, all their messages went unanswered, as if they’d disappeared into the void.

The group exchanged puzzled glances.

Just as they were filled with confusion, Long Yueyou appeared before them.

He was disheartened, eyes bloodshot, his face pale.

Everyone present felt a chilling premonition in their hearts.

Finally, Zhou Kebao was the first to speak. "Fellow Daoist Long, what happened? You look…"

Long Yueyou seemed absent, lost in thought.

It took several calls from Zhou Kebao before he snapped back to reality.

Looking at the people around him, Long Yueyou’s lips trembled, and, using all his strength, he finally whispered, "My elder brother… has fallen."

Boom!

Everyone felt like their brains had been struck hard, leaving them dazed.

Long Jiuyuan, who had just ascended to Dao Integration as an Immortal Sage, had fallen?

In an instant, the room fell into dead silence.

The joy from earning so many contribution points vanished without a trace.

To them, losing a Dao Integration cultivator was a loss that no amount of contribution points could ever replace.

While stunned, they also felt a chill run down their spines.

The war had just begun, and already a Dao Integration cultivator had perished.

The scale of this war was far beyond their imagination.

How many lives would it claim?

For a moment, even these profit-driven cultivators felt a sliver of fear.

Meanwhile, in the administrative hall of Congyun City, chaos reigned.

The Immortal Alliance had issued a war preparation notice, yet they could not reach the secret envoy no matter what they tried.

A month ago, Li Fan had announced his plans to enter deep seclusion.

But now, in the face of such a critical crisis, he had abandoned his post and left the mess to his subordinates...

Wasn’t that going a bit too far?

The cultivators grumbled inwardly.

"Everyone!"

Gao Yuan, looking at the varied expressions on their faces, knocked on the table to get their attention.

"With the secret envoy absent, it’s time for us to step up," he said solemnly.

"Although the situation is unclear, there’s no doubt this war won’t end easily. We must prepare ourselves mentally."

"Especially since Congyun Sea borders the Five Elders Association. We must maintain constant patrols and guard against enemy cultivators."

Gao Yuan paused, seeing the worry on everyone’s faces, and tried to reassure them. "But don’t worry too much."

"After all, if the heavens fall, there will always be someone taller to hold them up. Since the Five Elders Association was completely defeated by us last time, they haven’t fully recovered yet."

"Even Nascent Soul cultivators are scarce among them. Their strength isn’t likely to force us to risk our lives."

The others found some comfort in his words and relaxed slightly.

However, Gao Yuan kept one thought to himself.

If it came to the point where the remaining cultivators of Congyun Sea had to fight on the front lines, the brutality of this war…

He shivered at the thought.

—

While the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was thrown into chaos by the sudden war notice, Li Fan was quite relaxed.

He drank from his cup filled with wine glowing with a faint blue light, raised his thumb in appreciation, and praised, "Excellent wine!"

"Such a fine brew, and with Fellow Daoist Sima here recounting thrilling tales from millennia ago. Life like this, what more could one ask for?"

Sima Changkong, his face flushed, replied, "Though we’ve only recently met, I feel like we’re old friends. The concept of ‘fate’ truly is a wondrous thing!"

"Come, let’s have another drink!"

With that, Sima Changkong tilted his head back and drank the wine.

"What story of the Xuanhuang Realm would you like to hear next?" he asked proudly.

"Though the ancient period is beyond record, I’m quite familiar with the history of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance since its re-establishment."

"I heard that about five hundred years ago, there was an uprising where small worlds united and launched a counterattack against the cultivation world."

"Please, do tell me about it!" Li Fan replied, half-dazed from the wine.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 562


“Counterattack against the Immortal Cultivation World, huh…”

Sima Changkong squinted slightly, as if recalling something.

After a moment, he slowly spoke: “Mentioning this now, most cultivators refer to it as a farce. But in reality, the coalition of the small worlds was far more than just a trivial spectacle.”

“Otherwise, why would the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association, which have always been adversaries, be forced to join forces?”

A faint gleam flashed in Li Fan’s eyes. Moving closer, he asked in an uncertain tone, “Alliance? You mean they united just to deal with the coalition of the small worlds?”

“Sima, could it be that you’re mistaken? Wasn’t it said that the people of these small worlds are mere exiled mortals?”

“Why would we cultivators struggle so much against this bunch of ants? Besides, we have the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign overseeing everything. Could they really have defeated us?”

Sima Changkong was unperturbed by Li Fan’s disbelief.

Instead, he smiled faintly and flicked his finger, sending a drop of blood between them.

The blood drop hovered mid-air, pulsing as if alive, then spread outwards to form a canvas of misty blood.On this blood canvas, scene after scene of thrilling battles appeared.

One side of the battle seemed to be the cultivators of the Xuanhuang Realm.

But the other side, capable of flight and other supernatural feats, clearly wasn’t mortal either.

Their fighting techniques varied, yet they could go toe-to-toe with the cultivators.

Some relied purely on physical strength, enduring attacks from flying swords and spells with their bodies. They would approach swiftly, tearing cultivators apart with their bare hands.

Others stayed in the distance, manipulating strange energy from afar, striking down from the heavens, targeting cultivators with pinpoint accuracy.

Most disturbingly, some were not even humanoid, appearing as transparent, white, human-like skins. They drifted through the battlefield, and whenever they encountered a severely wounded cultivator, they attached themselves to them.

To the amazement of all, those who had been near death would spring back to life as soon as these white skins adhered to them.

Even those missing limbs would experience regeneration and recover their combat strength once possessed.

Li Fan stared intently at the constantly shifting scenes in the blood screen, his expression growing graver.

“Where are our higher-ranking cultivators from the Xuanhuang Realm? Did the Dao Integration and Longevity Immortal stage experts just sit back and watch this slaughter unfold?” Li Fan asked, his voice tinged with frustration.

Sima Changkong shook his head slightly. “Not at all. Naturally, they had their own adversaries.”

“Although our ancestors couldn’t witness the battles of the stronger cultivators firsthand due to their limited cultivation level, it’s said that we in the Xuanhuang Realm suffered devastating losses as well.”

With a sigh, Sima Changkong continued, “For nearly 500 years, neither side has been willing to reignite the conflict. They both chose to focus on recuperation.”

Li Fan was astonished. “Were they really that strong? Were these people truly from the small worlds?”

“Yes, and no.” Sima Changkong summoned a fish-like spirit beast, poured another drink for the two of them, and continued.

“They were nothing more than pawns under someone else’s control.”

“The true mastermind behind them lies elsewhere.”

Li Fan perked up, intrigued. “What do you mean by that?”

“It seems their origins trace back to the time just after the ancient calamity descended. The details are sparse, even in the records of our ancestors.”

“However, from scattered post-war accounts, we know that they appeared to be a group of those who had ‘left and returned.’”

Sima Changkong looked puzzled as he spoke slowly.

“Not only did the Dao Integration cultivators of our Xuanhuang Realm refer to them as traitors, but even cultivators who didn’t know their identities would feel a deep-seated hatred at the sight of them.”

“During the battles, bolts of lightning would even descend from the heavens, striking these people directly.”

“It’s as if the entire Xuanhuang Realm despised them.”

“Left and returned…traitors…” Li Fan murmured, sinking into contemplation.

Sima Changkong’s descriptions, combined with his previous experiences in Senior Sister Zhao’s illusion, stirred some guesses within him.

In the past, when various calamities like the incompatibility of different cultivation methods and the immortal-mortal miasma descended, the ten great sects initially planned to unite and face these crises together.

But as the situation deteriorated too quickly, each sect had to fend for itself, let alone assist each other.

When disaster loomed, each sect made its own choice.

Some vanished completely in the annals of history due to internal strife.

Others sealed themselves off, hiding from the world, clinging to life.

But some, like the Nanming Demon Beast Mountain and the Heavenly Sword Sect, chose to flee from the Xuanhuang Realm altogether.

“As Emperer One once said, within any group, individuals will make their own choices. Without an absolute leader, it’s impossible to act with a unified will.”

“Each cultivator chose differently, which is only natural.”

“When they left, they may have taken something with them. Perhaps that’s why even the Xuanhuang Realm itself holds a grudge against them.”

“It’s uncertain why they returned, but for them to return unharmed despite the immense pull of the ‘Immortal Ruins,’ they must be extremely powerful.”

Li Fan’s mind gradually settled as he turned to Sima Changkong with even greater admiration.

As expected of the Xuanhuang Realm’s historian.

Over the past millennium, countless forgotten or hidden stories could be traced back to Sima Changkong.

Ever since Li Fan returned from the Tianling Prefecture, he had come to Sima Changkong’s underwater crystal residence to avoid the war’s impact.

Thanks to his previous interactions with Sima’s projection, coupled with his extensive knowledge of obscure facts, he quickly earned Sima’s favor.

The two enjoyed daily banquets, freely discussing the Xuanhuang Realm’s history, thoroughly enjoying each other's company.

To prevent outside disturbances and gather more information, Li Fan even volunteered to help set up stealth and protective formations for Sima Changkong’s crystal abode.

Impressed by Li Fan’s enthusiasm, Sima felt he’d found a kindred spirit, and their bond deepened.

“Peace is temporary, while war is the eternal theme of history.” After a long silence, Sima Changkong sighed, setting down his raised cup, his enthusiasm waning.

“Why do you say that…” Li Fan trailed off in sudden realization.

“Has the war between the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association begun?”

Sima Changkong nodded heavily. “Who knows how many cultivators will perish on the battlefield.”

“This is the way of the heavens; we are not the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns. How could we resist? Drink, let’s drink!” Li Fan poured another drink for Sima, consoling him.

“You’re right.” Sima Changkong drained his cup, swallowing both the fine wine and his sorrow.

Li Fan then smoothly shifted the topic elsewhere.

…

Time flew by, and a year passed in the blink of an eye.

The war between the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association had reached a fever pitch, and Li Fan had fully settled in Sima Changkong’s residence, not leaving once in the entire year.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 563


“Out of wine?”

On this particular day, just as Li Fan was about to invite his friend for another round of drinks, he received this unexpected response.

He was utterly stunned.

Sima Changkong’s face turned slightly red, as if he wanted to say something but held back. After a moment, he scratched the back of his head awkwardly and explained, “Here in this Congyun Sea, I don’t have many close friends, so I didn’t prepare much.”

“Brother Li, you’ve been my guest for quite some time…”

Li Fan calculated quickly and remarked in surprise, “I hadn’t realized time passed so quickly; it’s been a whole year already.”

Apologetically, he continued, “Since Brother Sima finds my presence a burden, it’s time for me to take my leave.”

“But before I go, please let me know the ingredients used to make that wine. I’ll collect some for you…”

Before he could finish, Sima Changkong’s face flushed even more. He quickly waved his hands and said, “Brother Li, no, it’s not a complaint. It’s just…”

Sima Changkong seemed ready to explain, but for some reason, he stopped, shook his head, and sighed in defeat.“Never mind. Brother Li, please stay here for a few days. I’ll be back soon!”

Without waiting for a response, he left in a hurry.

Li Fan watched Sima Changkong’s departing figure with a wry smile. “What an interesting person.”

Though he hadn’t gone out all year, Li Fan wasn’t entirely unaware of the outside world.

His clone, Zhou Qingang, had been running himself ragged.

Setting aside numerous trivial matters, the most urgent task was the 'Monthly List of Recruited Cultivators'.

Even though the Congyun Sea’s forces were severely weakened, the Immortal Alliance Headquarters continued to issue conscription orders.

However, given the Congyun Sea’s current state, most recruited cultivators were spared from direct combat.

They were primarily assigned to logistics and support roles.

Still, no one could guarantee that the war wouldn’t expand, eventually involving them in the crossfire.

As a result, no one wanted to be sent to the Tianling Prefecture.

Compiling the recruitment list had become a challenging task.

Initially, it was Li Fan’s duty as a Secret Envoy to finalize this list.

But with Li Fan in “seclusion,” the task technically fell to his trusted associates He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan, who had been authorized to make decisions in his absence.

Yet, He Zhenghao was known as an easygoing person, while Gao Yuan was skilled at diplomacy and careful to avoid offending anyone.

Neither wanted to be responsible for sending people to possible death.

If the individuals sent to battle perished, that was one thing. But if they survived and returned with accolades, it could create lasting enmity.

Therefore, they secretly approached the more reclusive “Zhou Qingang” to ask for help.

Naturally, “Zhou Qingang” declined.

There was no reason for him to take on such a troublesome task.

But soon enough, He Zhenghao brought out his trump card.

“Fellow Daoist Zhou, take a look.” He took out a scroll and spread it out before “Zhou Qingang.”

“Liu Yihang, ten million contribution points.”

“Zhou Peng, eight hundred thousand contribution points.”

“Sikong Yi, three hundred thousand contribution points.”

…

Li Fan’s gaze swept across several familiar names on the scroll, and he asked, knowingly, “What is this?”

He Zhenghao cleared his throat. “This is the record of contributions from last year’s investment plan.”

“The year is up, so it’s time to return the capital and profits. Thanks to the guidance of our Secret Envoy, I sold off all our accumulated supplies when prices soared over three times their original cost.” Ɽ

“The final profit was about…”

He Zhenghao paused, his face revealing a barely concealed pride. “Three hundred and fourteen million contribution points.”

Li Fan gasped in amazement. “That much? I had heard that supplies were scarce on the battlefield, but I didn’t realize prices had skyrocketed so much. Doesn’t the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance regulate this?”

“Regulate it? How could they? Business is about mutual consent. If you don’t want to buy, you don’t have to. But the more prepared you are, the better your survival chances on the battlefield. If you don’t buy, someone else will!” Unlike his hesitant demeanor from a year ago, He Zhenghao now appeared quite nonchalant in the face of “Zhou Qingang” reaction.

Li Fan simply shook his head, refraining from further comment.

“So, what’s the point of showing me this?” Li Fan asked, feigning confusion.

He Zhenghao exchanged a look with Gao Yuan, glanced around, and then set up a concealment formation.

Feeling assured, he marked five names on the scroll and struck through each one heavily.

Realization dawning, Li Fan gasped, “These cultivators… died in the Tianling Prefecture battle?”

“Quiet, quiet!” He Zhenghao jumped, quickly gesturing for silence.

“Please, don’t spread this around. I’m only telling you because you’re one of us.” He added with a hint of reproach.

Li Fan nodded repeatedly, showing his understanding.

“So, no one is left to claim these people’s contributions?” he asked quietly.

He Zhenghao spoke with a tinge of excitement, “Exactly. I secretly confirmed it; these five indeed fell on the battlefield in Tianling Prefecture.”

“Moreover, they didn’t leave any wills.”

“The five total a principal of three hundred thirty thousand contribution points, along with a bonus of another three hundred thirty thousand…”

Li Fan interrupted, “Didn’t you say the profit was three times? Why only a thirty thousand bonus?”

He Zhenghao snorted, “Thirty thousand is already generous. The Secret Envoy adjusted the bonus ratio out of compassion.”

“According to the original agreement, we only needed to pay fifty percent of the principal as interest each year.”

“But the Secret Envoy is benevolent, so I won’t argue.”

“In short, these six hundred sixty thousand contribution points are unclaimed now.”

“All I need is for you to help handle this matter, and they’ll be yours,” He Zhenghao said enticingly.

“Zhou Qingang” was clearly tempted.

Yet he hesitated, showing a hint of reluctance.

“Will this go unnoticed? Taking the contributions of the dead feels taboo.”

“Also, does the Secret Envoy know about this?” Li Fan asked deliberately.

He Zhenghao’s eyes flickered as he patted his chest in assurance. “Don’t worry, Fellow Daoist Zhou. The list of contributors is confidential, known only to a few of us. There’s no risk of exposure.”

“I even asked the Secret Envoy, and he said I could handle this as I saw fit,” He Zhenghao stated confidently.

“I see…” Li Fan studied He Zhenghao for a long moment.

Only when He Zhenghao started feeling uncomfortable did he look away.

“Alright, I’ll take care of it,” Li Fan agreed.

He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan exchanged a look, their faces lighting up with joy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 564


“Thank you for your help, Fellow Daoist!” He Zhenghao smiled warmly and clasped his hands as he left with Gao Yuan.

Watching their receding figures, Li Fan’s expression was unreadable.

“In just one year, they’ve been corrupted into this...”

“Not long ago, these two still believed I was a fallen Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign and hoped to follow me for a prosperous future.”

“Now they even dare to deceive and disrespect me.”

A cold glint flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

After all, the battle in Tianling Prefecture was initiated by him. He had foreseen that some cultivators participating in the investment plan would likely fall in the conflict there. However, he never mentioned this to He Zhenghao.

It was all to see how He Zhenghao would handle the unclaimed capital left behind by those who perished.

And the result…

“The human heart truly cannot withstand temptation.”“Especially when faced with such significant contributions. When one becomes accustomed to astronomical figures in the billions, how could one be content with a meager salary?”

“It's inevitable that they'd seek side earnings.”

Li Fan shook his head slightly. He wasn’t particularly disappointed, only that he had once considered providing He Zhenghao a way out when the Crimson Flame will burn the sea and would eventually erupt—partly as recognition for his hard work and his contribution to the "Mountain Sitting Technique."

But now…

"Perhaps in the next life."

Expressionless, Li Fan began selecting personnel from the Congyun Sea System for the upcoming recruitment.

Indeed, as the war commenced, the first to be summoned were members within the structure of the Immortal Alliance.

After all, those who enjoyed the benefits of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance also had to bear corresponding responsibilities.

“Zhu Yongshou…”

“This one spoke disrespectfully before—mark him down.”

“Qi Yan. Hmm, I don’t recall much about him. He wasn’t present at either the reconstruction ceremony of Congyun City or the foundation ceremony of Immortal City. Mark him down as well.”

“Zhao Kuo, feedback officer for the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance Congyun Sea?”

Li Fan raised an eyebrow, momentarily puzzled.

He had spent many cycles in the Congyun Sea and governed its affairs for some time now, yet he had never had the pleasure of meeting this individual.

“Who will die if not you?” With a stroke of his brush, Li Fan marked him down.

...

Before long, the "Cultivators Drafted List" that had left He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan in a bind was completed.

Overall, Li Fan’s selection of cultivators was quite casual. To him, even if they survived the Tianling Prefecture battle, they wouldn't escape the Crimson Flame Burning the Sea. It was merely a question of sooner or later.

The recruitment order bore the seal that Li Fan had specifically left before entering seclusion, marked with the "Secret Envoy Sigil." All that remained was for “Zhou Qingang” to add his stamp to officially issue it.

Shortly after, Zhou Qing’ang completed the final step.

“Injustice has its perpetrator; debts have their collector. It was all Zhou Qingang’s doing, nothing to do with me, Li Fan.”

Li Fan felt no pressure.

“Daoist Zhou is truly efficient! Haha, looks like I’ll need your assistance again next time!” He Zhenghao’s praise soon came through.

Li Fan responded with a faint smile.

Meanwhile, at the Crystal Palace beneath the sea.

After only half a day, Sima Changkong, who had been gathering ingredients for brewing, hurried back.

“Oh? Brother Sima, you’ve returned so quickly?” Li Fan asked in mild surprise.

“Ah, Daoist Friend, you misunderstand.”

Sima Changkong shook his head, explaining, “Something urgent came up, so I had to rush back.”

“Gathering the ingredients for the 'Heavenly Green Brew' isn’t easy, and I haven’t had time to prepare them yet. You’ll have to wait a while longer if you want to drink heartily.” He looked a bit apologetic.

“No worries!” Li Fan waved dismissively, indicating he didn’t mind.

“What’s happened to make you return in such a hurry?” Li Fan asked curiously.

“Something remarkable has appeared on the battlefield in Tianling Prefecture, and my 'Blood Split Clone' was unfortunately destroyed. So, I had to return to craft a new one,” Sima Changkong replied, looking a bit weary.

“Remarkable?” Li Fan’s eyes narrowed as he led Sima Changkong back into the Crystal Palace to sit.

“Yes, when I saw it, I was taken aback.” Sima Changkong, evidently fatigued from using his teleportation technique to return, sat to rest.

After a short break, he took out a small black canister.

With a hand gesture, he crushed it, and a torrent of blood poured out, fresh enough to still carry a sharp metallic scent.

The blood coalesced midair, gradually forming a vaguely human shape.

Without concern for Li Fan’s presence, Sima Changkong touched his brow with his finger, extracting a drop of prismatic blood, which he merged into the blood figure.

A soft glow emitted from it, and before long, a replica of Sima Changkong stood before them.

After dressing his clone, the replica clasped his hands in respect to the two of them before departing toward Tianling Prefecture.

Only then did Sima Changkong exhale, though now visibly weaker, his face ashen, barely able to stand.

Seeing this, Li Fan quickly helped him to a seat.

After a while, Sima Changkong regained some strength.

“How are you feeling, Fellow Daoist?” Li Fan asked, prioritizing his well-being over immediate questions about the battlefield in Tianling Prefecture.

“No problem. Just need to rest a bit,” Sima Changkong replied weakly, shaking his head.

“That’s good. I initially thought this was merely a 'Blood Split Clone' rather than your original form.”

“After cultivating the 'Bloodline Historical Archive', there’s hardly such a thing as an original form anymore,” Sima Changkong said with a bitter smile. “The Congyun Sea is the only place that has enough blood essence left for me to immediately craft a new clone.”

Hearing this, Li Fan nodded in understanding.

Soon, he frowned. “Brother Sima, crafting these clones seems to drain your energy substantially?”

“You’re correct, Daoist Friend. I need to drink Heavenly Green Brew regularly to replenish my lost vitality,” Sima Changkong admitted.

“Oh no! I've been drinking so much of Brother Sima’s brew without realizing…” Li Fan exclaimed with exaggerated regret.

“Haha, Brother Li, there’s no need to feel bad!” Sima Changkong reassured him.

“As I’ve said before, cultivating our Sima family’s 'Bloodline Historical Archive' makes our lifespans similar to mortals.”

“Life is fleeting, just a few short decades, gone in the blink of an eye.”

“In such a short existence, having a true friend like you is worth it. So live for today! I’m grateful you drink with me daily; how could I blame you?” Sima Changkong chuckled in reply.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 565


“However, I was worried that spending days drinking with me might delay your cultivation, so I initially wanted to advise you against it.”

“But observing your open-minded nature, I believe you know your limits well. Thus, I’ll refrain from saying more.”

Sima Changkong rested briefly, recovering some of his vitality before continuing.

Li Fan’s gaze flickered but said nothing more, only pretending to be remorseful. “Brother Sima’s heartfelt words truly shame me!”

“Haha! If you keep acting this way, you’re treating me as an outsider!” Sima Changkong feigned anger.

Li Fan could only sigh in silence.

After this heartfelt exchange, the bond between the two grew even stronger.

After a short pause, Li Fan brought the topic back to the battlefield in the Tianling Prefecture.

“Brother Sima, what exactly did you witness on the battlefield?” He frowned as he asked. “Given your comprehensive understanding of the history of the Xuanhuang Realm, to receive such high praise from you, it must have been an immensely terrifying force.”

Sima Changkong sighed deeply. “You flatter me, my friend. However, your latter statement is indeed correct.”“The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance has deployed a truly devastating weapon this time.”

As he spoke, he activated a drop of his blood, attempting to create a blood screen to show Li Fan what had transpired, as he had done before.

Images indeed began to appear on the blood screen.

But then, Sima Changkong’s expression abruptly changed.

“How can this be?!” he exclaimed in shock, his face full of disbelief.

Li Fan fixed his gaze on the blood screen.

It showed the overwhelming Five Elders Association cultivators forming a formation and encircling a group of Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators.

The Alliance’s side, despite being surrounded and numbering only about a hundred, showed no trace of fear. Each was incredibly valiant, as if empowered by some mysterious force.

They charged fearlessly toward an enemy outnumbering them a hundredfold.

This seemingly one-sided battle with a foregone conclusion suddenly shifted dramatically.

At the center of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators, one individual raised something high.

And then…

Without warning, swathes of Five Elders Association cultivators fell from the sky.

They crashed to the ground, bloody and immobile, groaning in agony.

The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators appeared to have anticipated this. They swiftly and mercilessly harvested the lives of their enemies.

For a moment, the sky was filled with a strange, overlapping phenomenon of falling bodies, forming a bizarre and grim tableau.

“How could this happen?” Sima Changkong murmured in disbelief as he stared at the recorded scene on the blood screen, his expression dazed.

Seeing Sima Changkong’s strange reaction, Li Fan suddenly thought of something and asked, “Brother, does the scene on this blood screen differ from what you witnessed with your own eyes?”

“Precisely!” Sima Changkong nodded immediately.

“What I saw was a cultivator holding a small, square mirror aloft.”

“From the heavens, countless green threads descended.”

“It was precisely these inexplicable green threads that instantly disabled the Five Elders Association cultivators.”

“But why…”

Even after explaining, Sima Changkong remained unsettled, clearly struggling to accept what had happened.

For someone like Sima Changkong, whose purpose was to faithfully record historical events, this inability to document the truth was a significant blow.

“Unrecordable… green energy…” Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

“So, it’s really the Mysterious Net. I had speculated before that the net had descended upon the world. Indeed, once the war escalated, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance couldn’t resist using it.”

“However, the current Mysterious Net differs from the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation I encountered in my previous life.”

“It’s surprising that a single handheld mirror can summon it.”

“Is it an incomplete prototype, or…”

Li Fan fell into deep thought.

“No, I must find a way to document it,” Sima Changkong muttered, still visibly shaken, seemingly on the verge of obsession.

“You’re overthinking this, Brother Sima. Even if you can’t directly record it through images or language, you can still indirectly describe its existence,” Li Fan reminded him.

Sima Changkong froze momentarily.

Then he lit up with joy. “How foolish of me!”

He smacked his forehead, forced out a few drops of blood, and fused them into the blood screen.

The blood merged into distorted text that became part of the screen.

> “The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association clashed in the northeast of the Tianling Prefecture…”

> “Threads of green light descended from the heavens…”

> “Those affected lost their spiritual powers and fell to the ground.”

...

As the characters on the surface gradually stabilized, they seemed about to merge completely with the blood curtain.

Suddenly, a faint green line emerged from the distorted blood characters.

"Not good!"

Sima Changkong’s face turned pale instantly as he cried out in alarm.

Before he could finish his sentence, the green line had already transformed into a torrent of green light.

The green light wreaked havoc, distorting the scenes recorded within the blood curtain beyond recognition. Then, it abruptly withdrew and condensed into a single point of light.

For a moment, there was silence.

The green point suddenly erupted.

"Retreat—"

The moment the green line appeared, even before Sima Changkong could shout his warning, Li Fan had already pushed the Purple Cloud Divine Thunder Escape to its limit.

At the same time, two bony wings emerged from his back, augmented by the 'Soaring Peng' technique.

Using the fastest speed he had ever achieved since stepping into the world of cultivation, Li Fan fled into the distance.

However, Li Fan hadn’t anticipated that the Mysterious Net’s reaction would be this intense—more violent than the uproar it caused previously in the Ten Thousand Immortal Island's Martial Hall.

The green point exploded, and the shockwaves swept out in all directions in an instant.

As the green light neared his body, Li Fan felt a pang of unwillingness but still prepared to invoke his protective technique, [Truth].

However, he quickly swallowed the remaining "Truth" part of the chant.

Because he realized that the charging energy of [Truth] for body protection hadn't changed at all.

"Hmm? Was it just a false alarm?"

Li Fan stopped fleeing immediately and hovered in mid-air.

After waiting for a while and finding nothing unusual, with the surroundings as calm as before, he hesitated briefly but decided to return and investigate.

Inside the Crystal Palace, everything appeared as it was before.

But an eerie silence pervaded the space.

Sima Changkong remained in his spot, the expression of terror frozen on his face, his body utterly motionless.

"Brother Sima?"

Li Fan called out from a distance.

There was no response.

After a moment, Li Fan cautiously approached. "Brother Sima?"

Although he could still faintly sense the vitality within Sima Changkong, for some reason, there was no reaction from him whatsoever.

Moreover...

That trace of vitality seemed as though it had solidified.

Feeling that something was amiss, Li Fan began to back away slowly.

"Pop!"

At that instant, Sima Changkong’s entire body suddenly burst from within.

What sprayed out was not fresh blood and flesh but pools of viscous green liquid.

The green fluid splattered all over the floor of the 'Crystal Palace'.

Li Fan narrowly avoided the green liquid's assault.

Staring at the obliterated remains of Sima Changkong, his face twitched slightly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 566


The green slime covering the ground seemed to retain some form of self-awareness even after Sima Changkong's death.

Like a writhing worm, it crawled slowly toward the surrounding area.

The hard surface of the Crystal Palace emitted a sizzling sound as it was corroded by the green slime.

Witnessing this terrifying scene, Li Fan couldn't help but take a deep breath.

“What a domineering Mysterious Net!”

“It can even trace the medium trying to record it and obliterate the target.”

“Wait…” Realizing something, Li Fan’s expression changed.

He pulled out a blood-red talisman from his storage ring and concentrated his mind on it. “Daoist Sima, are you alright?”

He waited for a long time but received no response.

“This is bad. Even all his clones are gone,” Li Fan muttered, his face twitching.The Mysterious Net’s pursuit ability was frighteningly powerful.

Initially, Li Fan thought only the clone in the Congyun Sea was destroyed. But now, it seemed...

Sima Changkong’s fate was sealed.

The blood-red communication talisman was crafted with Sima Changkong’s own blood essence, a unique refinement.

As long as any of Sima Changkong's Blood-Split Clones existed in the world, Li Fan could contact him through it.

But now, all his attempts to communicate were met with silence.

The outcome was clear.

The image of Sima Changkong's laughter, discussions over wine, and philosophical debates with Li Fan remained vivid in his mind.

But life is unpredictable—here one moment, gone the next.

“Sima Changkong, farewell! I’ll find you in the next life for a drink!”

Li Fan didn’t feel overwhelming sadness; instead, he shook his head lightly, wielded the 'Five Elements Annihilation Sword', and destroyed the underwater Crystal Palace, creating a makeshift tomb for Sima Changkong.

“To achieve this level of destruction…”

“The Mysterious Net's offensive power is even stronger than I remember from my previous life.”

“This is no half-finished product,” Li Fan said grimly.

Since the anchor point nine years ago, many Nascent Soul and higher-level cultivators from various states’ Tianji and Formation Halls were summoned to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters.

After that, there had been no news from them.

Later, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance issued a 'Recruitment Order', gathering the most talented formation masters from across the land.

Four years had passed since then, and now it seemed they had produced results.

“The Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance has revealed their trump card. Let’s see how the Five Elders Association responds next.”

“With my earlier warning, they shouldn’t be entirely unprepared.”

“Unfortunately, the battlefield in Tianling Prefecture is too dangerous. The only one capable of live updates, Daoist Sima, has perished.”

“The detailed battle situation is still unclear,” Li Fan thought with a trace of regret.

However, one thing was certain: with a weapon like the Mysterious Net, the war in Tianling Prefecture was nearing its conclusion.

“It’s progressing faster than expected.”

“But for me, this is good news. I’ve already achieved Golden Core perfection. Everything is ready.”

“Once the war ends and the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance relocates the Five Elements Great Cave Heaven to their stronghold, I’ll explore Tianling Prefecture Void.”

Feedback from his many subordinates in the Congyun Sea continued to flow steadily into Li Fan’s dantian, stored within his 'Calamity Body.'

The first Calamity Body was nearly complete.

At his current cultivation speed, Li Fan estimated, “If I break through to the Nascent Soul stage, I’ll likely reach mid-stage Nascent Soul shortly after.”

Shaking his head, he put aside his fantasies.

Before the war ended, caution was still the priority.

Li Fan decided not to seek a new location. Instead, he used the 'Five Elements Annihilation Sword' to carve out a cave dwelling deep in an ocean trench.

With formations and the 'Sky-Shrouding Hand' secret technique sealing the area, he finally felt secure.

Over the past year, Li Fan had also visited the Fallen Immortal Realm.

However, returning to the Beast Taming Sect from the Nanming Beast Mountain was a long journey.

Most of his time during that trip was spent on the road.

While cultivating the improved 'Creation Furnace Technique' taught by Mr.Bai, Li Fan, inhabiting Little Black, felt calm and focused.

But when he returned to the sect on Xiao Qing with Xu Ke, he discovered that Lu Ya and Emperor Sanmo were nowhere to be found.

Even when Li Fan left, they still hadn’t reappeared.

“There’s still half a year before the next entry.”

“Let’s prepare for forming my Nascent Soul first.”

As Dao Deviation Stone’s brilliance flickered in his mind, insights from countless Nascent Soul manuals resurfaced.

Revisiting them, comparing, and validating, Li Fan felt he gained even more.

Time flew in cultivation.

In the blink of an eye, three months passed.

While Li Fan’s true body immersed itself in meditation, one of his clones, Zhou Qingang, suddenly received an invitation card.

“Liu Yihang?” Li Fan's expression shifted.

The 'True Cauldron of Medicine King' hadn’t returned.

Clearly, this Liu Yihang wasn’t the adopted son of the Medicine King Sect’s Master Liu Ruchen.

“In that case, he must be from the Five Elders Association,” Li Fan deduced.

In their previous transaction, Li Fan had asked the Five Elders Association to donate ten million contribution points under Liu Yihang’s alias to He Zhenghao.

Sure enough, Liu Yihang’s name appeared in the fundraising records.

“Something urgent must have happened.”

“They didn’t leave contact details before, yet now they risk exposure to seek me out.”

Li Fan opened the invitation card, memorized the meeting location, and then destroyed it with spiritual energy.

Late at night, he quietly set out alone.

The meeting point was on a mortal island 500 miles northwest of Congyun Immortal City.

At the island’s center stood a bamboo forest.

Within the forest was a humble hut.

Li Fan stepped inside and, upon seeing the figure within, his eyes narrowed.

“It’s him.”

Though the man concealed his appearance with secret techniques, Li Fan instantly recognized him as the Five Elders Association’s contact from their previous transaction regarding the 'Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance Entrance Exam'.

“What should I call you?”

“During our last meeting, I didn’t even notice you weren’t the real Zhou Qingang.”

“Heh, when my boss told me, I was truly shocked,” the man said sarcastically.

“Did you risk so much to find me just to ask that?”

“Ridiculous!” Li Fan snorted, turning to leave.

The Five Elders cultivator’s expression changed instantly. “Wait!”

He hurried to block Li Fan, softening his tone. “Fellow Daoist, let’s talk things through…”

Li Fan gave him a sidelong glance before returning to his seat.

The Five Elders cultivator heaved a sigh of relief and explained his purpose for the meeting.

“The Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation Diagram?”

Li Fan squinted and immediately refused. “I don’t have it!”

Instead of being disappointed, the Five Elders cultivator seemed encouraged. “Daoist, you didn’t ask what the formation was but declined outright.”

“That only proves you know of it.”

“Please, you must help us!”

His tone was sincere and pleading.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 567


Although Li Fan wasn’t entirely sure what the opponent meant by the so-called “Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation”.

However, it wasn’t hard to infer that the term referred to the Mysterious Net, which had begun to demonstrate its extraordinary potential on the battlefield of Tianling Prefecture.

Without betraying any emotion, Li Fan probed, “Based on our calculations, even with the assistance of the Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation, the Five Elders Association shouldn’t be losing ground so rapidly or finding itself in such a dire position, correct?”

The other party sighed and admitted, “We truly underestimated them this time. Who could have imagined that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would be able to recreate this ancient formation so quickly?”

“And it seems to be even more formidable than the recorded descriptions.”

The Five Elders Association cultivator spoke with frustration: “Our countermeasures haven’t been fully prepared yet. That’s why the situation on the Tianling Prefecture battlefield has become rather precarious for now.”

“That’s why we urgently need a method to weaken their formation.”

Li Fan remained silent, rhythmically tapping his fingers on the table as if deep in thought.

“To acquire the formation diagram for the Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation, even for us, would come at an enormous cost. Some comrades who have infiltrated the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would likely need to sacrifice their lives.”

“And even then, success is far from guaranteed…”After a long pause, Li Fan finally spoke, his tone hesitant. “This matter is of great significance. I cannot make a decision on my own. Let’s do this—give me three days, and I’ll return here with an answer.”

Although the Five Elders Association cultivator was anxious, he recognized the validity of Li Fan’s reasoning and reluctantly nodded in agreement.

“By the way, let’s meet at a different location next time. These are turbulent times, and it’s better to err on the side of caution.” With that, he gave Li Fan the coordinates of another island.

Li Fan clasped his hands in farewell and left swiftly, returning to the Congyun Immortal City.

“Tianxuan Spirit Locking, Xuantian Sealing Spirit.”

“Ancient times, Tianxuan Mirror…”

“Xuantian Sect, huh?”

In his secluded chamber, Li Fan’s gaze flickered as he sank into contemplation.

“That scene on the battlefield, where countless cultivators plummeted from the sky to the ground in an instant—it felt oddly familiar…”

“That’s right—Nine Mountains Prefecture!”

Within Nine Mountains Prefecture, the nine mountain ranges had the peculiar property of preventing cultivators from flying over them.

In his previous life, Li Fan had traveled to the Ten Thousand Laws Chamber of Commerce in Nine Mountains Prefecture for procurement. There, he had witnessed the tragic fate of several defiant cultivators who fell to their deaths.

“Could there be some connection here?”

Li Fan sifted through his memories, recalling various documents he had read in the past.

According to legend, the nine great mountains of Nine Mountains Prefecture were formed from the meridians of a 'beast of immense size' that had perished in ancient times.

The nine mountains were named: Tianchang (Heavenly Length), Tianduan (Heavenly Shortness), Tianxu (Heavenly Void), Tiancu (Heavenly Promptness), Tianjie (Heavenly Knot), Tiandai (Heavenly Substitution), Tianlao (Heavenly Prison), Tiandong (Heavenly Movement), and Tianxi (Heavenly Fineness).

These mountains were said to secretly form a formation, destabilizing the space in Nine Mountains Prefecture and making even teleportation formation ineffective.

---

This information was something Li Fan had known for some time.

Back then, he dismissed the idea of a beast’s meridians transforming into mountain ranges as a fanciful ancient tale befitting mythology.

However, after personally visiting Nanming Mountain, the sacred ground of ancient beasts within the Fallen Immortal Realm, and witnessing many fearsome creatures from ancient times, Li Fan began to notice certain discrepancies in the legend.

The issue was simple: if the legend were true, the size of this beast was 'unfathomable'.

Nine Mountains Prefecture spanned an area that had taken Li Fan half a year to traverse. A beast large enough to have its meridians cover an entire prefecture—what kind of terrifying existence could that have been?

Compared to it, beings like the Scarlet Nine-Head, Purple Headless, and Azure Divine Dragon were mere ants.

While size doesn’t necessarily correlate with power, Li Fan couldn’t believe that a beast capable of forming the Nine Mountains would be weak.

“Perhaps, this unknown beast holds clues to the origins of the Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation.”

Although the name alone suggested a connection to the ancient 'Xuantian Sect', Li Fan couldn’t rule out the possibility of mere coincidence. Being meticulous wouldn’t hurt.

Thus, Li Fan began searching the Tianxuan Mirror for information about the “beast that formed Nine Mountains Prefecture.”

Given the passage of time, records were fragmented and unverifiable. Opinions varied, and no definitive answer could be found.

Li Fan combed through all the records but found nothing credible.

Just when he was reluctantly preparing to give up, a painting titled "Dream Encounter with Ancient Beasts" caught Li Fan's attention.

This painting was not created by anyone in modern times but was a casual sketch by a disciple of the ancient 'Divine Brush Sect'.

After the Divine Brush Sect was annexed by the Pointillism Sect, its artifacts were scattered far and wide.

This particular painting was accidentally obtained by a wandering cultivator. However, during a catastrophic heavenly disaster, the wandering cultivator perished, and the contents of his storage ring were looted.

Only the seemingly worthless items, too cumbersome to carry, were left behind, quietly lying in place.

The abandoned storage ring, deemed useless, was discarded by the roadside like old trash.

After being buried in dust for thousands of years, it was rediscovered by a passing cultivator.

According to this cultivator, named Tang Bowen, he understood the past events through a lingering thousand-year-old resentment within the storage ring.

Of course, this claim might have been fabricated by Tang Bowen to inflate the value of "Dream Encounter with Ancient Beasts."

Regardless, the painting indeed dates back thousands of years.

It depicts over a hundred beasts in various forms, some of which Li Fan had encountered in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

What truly captivated Li Fan about the painting, beyond these obvious beasts, was the hidden presence of another creature.

At the very edge of the painting, it appeared that these hundred beasts were all standing on the body of a colossal being.

However, due to its immense size, it could not be fully depicted.

Instead, the hundred beasts on its back served as a frame of reference.

"Vast and formless, its name is Heaven."

This phrase was inscribed in a corner of the painting.

This minimalist creative style naturally attracted much commentary from cultivators.

An insightful observer revealed the truth with a single remark:

"I know this. Isn't it that giant tortoise that transformed into the Nine Mountain Province after its death?"

The tone was somewhat mocking but not unfounded.

Indeed, the creature’s name consists of the characters for "King" (王) and "Eight" (八).

It is named Tiān (兲).

It is called Heaven.

"The Heavenly Beast..."

A sharp light flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 568


The exact appearance of the Heavenly Beast, whether it truly resembles a tortoise, is now impossible to verify.

However, with a specific name, it becomes much easier to search for related information.

Though most of the records are fragmented, it can generally be confirmed that the Heavenly Beast was a "totemic" existence in the distant ancient era, seemingly tied closely to a certain form of faith.

Li Fan mused, "The Heavenly Beast likely belonged to the Xuantian Sect."

"During the war in which the Ten Great Sects of the Immortal Dao annihilated the Xuantian Sect, the Heavenly Beast fell and transformed into Nine Mountains."

"Senior Sister Zhao once mentioned that the Xuantian Sect usurped heavenly authority and could grant mortals [marks], enabling them to wield supernatural powers that only cultivators possess."

"And if they could grant such powers, naturally, they could also revoke them."

"Perhaps on the battlefield of Tianling Prefecture, the reason those cultivators locked onto by green light lost their ability to fly and plummeted from the skies was due to this very mechanism."

"In my past life, the 'Mysterious' Net' I remember hardly exhibited such [revocation] abilities. To suppress rebellious cultivators, they often had to dispatch the black-robed [Heavenly Sorcerers] instead."

"The network was far more focused on monitoring and bestowing than on stripping away powers." After a moment's thought, Li Fan frowned to himself. "The Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation and the Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation might just be two facets of the Xuantian Sect's divine power."

"The so-called [Bestowment] and [Revocation] are essentially wielding heavenly authority, acting in place of the heavens."

With this thought in mind, Li Fan took out a blank encrypted jade slip. The Dao Deviation Stone in his mind hummed faintly as it activated.

The complete formation diagram for the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation, deeply etched in his memory from his past life, was imprinted onto the jade slip.

However, Li Fan made a few deliberate omissions, concealing the fine details of the central core formation.

It took him half a day to complete engraving the formation diagram.

Holding the jade slip, Li Fan's expression fluctuated. "While the Tianling Prefecture has achieved a great victory, and the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance appears to have the upper hand, all of this perceived advantage is but an illusion."

"The Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns of the Five Elders Association have refrained from taking action solely because of the agreement made with the Dharma Transmission Immortal Ancestor in the past."

"In truth, the Immortal Ancestor has already..."

Suddenly, Li Fan froze mid-thought.

Previously, he believed that the Immortal Ancestor had left the Xuanhuang Realm. If this became known, with the Five Elders Association boasting the strength of five Longevity Heavenly Sovereigns, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance would be nearly defenseless. If he were to leak the 'Spirit-Locking Formation Diagram' to the Five Elders Association, it might accelerate the collapse of the alliance, exposing his own fragile position.

But soon, Li Fan realized a flaw in his assumptions.

In his past life, it was only in the 41st year, when Senior Sister Zhao tested the waters, that they confirmed the Immortal Ancestor had indeed departed.

However, no one knew exactly when the immortal ancestor had left.

The only hint lay in the 24th year, when the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance decided to universally implement the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation, which might reveal some clues.

Still, Li Fan recalled that in the initial stages of training talents in formation techniques, the alliance showed no urgency.

Perhaps this was because they were unaware of the Immortal Ancestor's departure, or perhaps the Ancestor had genuinely not yet left at that time.

"Should I add fuel to the fire and test the situation?"

For a moment, Li Fan hesitated.

After pondering for a long while, he ultimately chose to set aside the idea for now.

In this life, his main goal was still to achieve Nascent Soul.

Only if the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance triumphed in the Tianling Prefecture War and successfully relocated the Five Elements Great Cave -Heaven would Li Fan have the opportunity to explore the mysterious void continuously birthing these cave-heavens.

If the alliance were to fall, everything would crumble, and he would lose his freedom of action.

"Still, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cannot be allowed to feel entirely unpressured. Otherwise, if the Five Elders Association faces defeat after defeat, and the alliance grows complacent, feeling no need to relocate the cave-heavens, it would be problematic."

After a long contemplation, Li Fan crushed the encrypted jade slip in his hand.

He took out another blank slip and began engraving once more.

This time, he omitted even more details, leaving only the outermost formation structures.

"Even a fragment speaks volumes. The Five Elders Association surely has its share of geniuses in formation techniques. With the portion of the formation I reveal, they may not fully dismantle the 'Spirit-Locking Formation', but countering it should not be an issue."

After completing his intricate work, Li Fan’s eyes gleamed as he stored the encrypted jade slip in a separate storage ring.

---

Three days later.

Li Fan met again with the Five Elders Association's spy.

"Daoist Zhou, what’s the verdict?"

As soon as Li Fan appeared, the spy impatiently asked.

"We can obtain the diagrams," Li Fan replied bluntly.

The Five Elders Association cultivator froze in shock before his face lit up with joy.

However, Li Fan quickly doused his enthusiasm. "But it’s only the outer structure diagrams."

"And it’s the initial version. The Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation has undergone countless iterations and advancements since then; it’s likely unrecognizable now."

"It can only serve as a reference."

Li Fan spoke indifferently.

Hearing this, the spy’s initial excitement dimmed, but he soon regained his composure.

Acquiring even the original formation’s outer structure was a major breakthrough.

It was also a reasonable outcome within expectations.

After all, the Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation was one of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s most closely guarded secrets, ranking among their top confidential assets.

The Five Elders Association had lost several deeply embedded spies without obtaining even a shred of information.

If Li Fan had promised the complete formation without reservation, the spy would have suspected a trap—or even questioned whether Li Fan himself was the Dharma Transmission Immortal Ancestor.

"No matter. Even the original diagrams are excellent."

The Five Elders Association cultivator looked at Li Fan with anticipation. "What are your terms?"

Li Fan’s tone turned grave. "The value of these diagrams is beyond any contribution points or measurements. But our terms are simple."

Li Fan’s eyes gleamed, his expression unreadable. "The Five Elders Association must cooperate with our actions at certain critical moments."

The spy froze, frowning. "What does that mean?"

Li Fan ignored the question and continued, "With the power of contracts, I trust you won’t renege on the deal."

"Rest assured, our requests won’t be excessive."

"At key moments, all we ask is for your association to lend its support within one prefecture."

The spy fell silent.

"Wait a moment."

Turning his back, he closed his eyes as if consulting with higher-ups.

After a long while, he turned back, drenched in sweat.

"We agree to this deal."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 569


"How long will it take for you to acquire the formation diagram?" the spy from the Five Elders Association impatiently asked, not even waiting for Li Fan to speak.

Li Fan pondered for a moment before answering, "At least twenty days."

The other party's expression immediately turned anxious. "Too slow! On the battlefield, things change in an instant. Twenty days... who knows what might happen by then..."

Midway through the sentence, the spy abruptly stopped and directly stated, "We cannot afford to wait that long!"

Li Fan narrowed his eyes, letting out a cold snort. "It seems the Five Elders Association is truly in a rush."

"Even an initial version of the formation diagram isn't something easily stolen. It requires careful planning. You can't just snap your fingers and get it."

Hearing this, the spy's expression darkened.

"However..." At this point, Li Fan's tone shifted. "There’s a slow way to do it, and there’s also a faster way."

"If you want the diagram quickly, it depends on your sincerity."

The blatant price hike made the spy exclaim, "What else do you want?" Li Fan's face darkened slightly. "The price we just discussed was for the formation diagram. Now we need to discuss the cost of expediting the process."

"Any issues?"

"If you’re unwilling to deal, then forget it..."

With that, he turned decisively and began to walk away.

"Wait! Let's talk this through!" The spy panicked, rushing forward to bring Li Fan back.

"Don’t be so rash, Fellow Daoist Zhou. I already said everything is negotiable." The spy forced a smile through gritted teeth.

Li Fan sat back down and said indifferently, "Agreeing to trade with you already poses a significant risk for my organization. Naturally, the benefits must be sufficient."

Using his finger as a pen, he scribbled a few small characters on the stone table and continued, "Forget about contribution points. Some of the Five Elders Association's specialties are very popular in our circles and can serve as bargaining chips."

The spy leaned in to see items listed on the table: Enlightenment Pills, Samantabhadra True Boat, Carefree Crystals, Human Dao Stardust, and Truth-Defying Fruit...

His eyelid twitched uncontrollably.

Previously, when Li Fan had infiltrated the Five Elders Association by controlling Jia Xiuyuan's puppet body, he not only gained some private time in Senior Sister Zhao's illusion realm but also developed a decent understanding of the region's general situation and culture. Ṙ

'Enlightenment Pills' and 'Samantabhadra True Boat' needed no further explanation.

'Human Dao Stardust', a specialty of the 'Humane Dao Heavenly Domain', corresponded to the stars formed by cultivators ascending to the heavens and merging into starlight. By absorbing stardust, one could clearly perceive the process of reshaping the world.

In the Humane Dao Heavenly Domain, the transformation of the heavens and earth followed a framework created by the 'Human Dao Heavenly Sovereign', albeit on a lower tier than the mystical principles of the Xuanhuang Realm. Nevertheless, it was highly valuable for cultivators seeking enlightenment, regardless of their level.

As for the 'Truth-Defying Fruit', it was a unique item from the Realm of Reality.

The fruit could be pre-programmed with specific information, which, once consumed, would warp the consumer's thoughts. They would believe even the most implausible notions as absolute truth.

This ability to turn falsehood into reality made it incredibly potent.

Even Dao Integration cultivators below the Longevity Immortal Realm couldn’t resist its influence.

...

Moving his gaze from the stone table, the spy looked at Li Fan, who sat silently with his eyes closed, and felt his mouth go dry.

"Fellow Daoist Zhou, please wait."

Wiping the sweat from his forehead, he turned away.

This time, it took even longer than before.

His entire body trembled as though enduring some tremendous ordeal.

By the time the sky darkened, he finally reached a decision.

The spy, looking utterly drained and unsteady on his feet, took a deep breath before saying weakly, "Fine. But the quantities of each item must be negotiated further."

Li Fan, who had been resting with his eyes closed, suddenly opened them and smiled.

"Agreed."

What followed was a long bargaining session.

After much haggling, both sides reached an agreement.

The spy gave Li Fan a deep, meaningful look. "Now, it’s time to sign the 'contract'."

At that moment, something unexpected occurred.

Radiant golden light erupted from the spy's body, engulfing him completely and coalescing into a golden 'contract scroll', which hovered silently before Li Fan.

The spy himself dissolved into the light, vanishing entirely.

Suppressing his discomfort, Li Fan picked up the golden scroll and examined it carefully.

The text was written in faint dark-gold characters.

The terms of the agreement matched what had been negotiated, with no discrepancies.

What caught Li Fan's attention was that one side of the contract was left blank for him to sign, while the other bore five enigmatic and ever-shifting symbols.

Although he couldn’t decipher their meaning, Li Fan instinctively understood that these symbols represented the Five Elders Association’s ‘Five Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns’.

Recalling the brainwashing scholar’s lecture in the Five Elders Association’s valley, Li Fan had an epiphany.

"This contract seems to be related to the Five Elders Association's 'Soul Contracts'. The principal parties are the Longevity Immortal Sovereigns, though the content differs."

As Li Fan reached out to sign, an indescribable sense of foreboding swept over him.

"Confirm."

He responded inwardly.

The sensation persisted and intensified with each repetition.

On the third confirmation, a golden light shot into the depths of Li Fan's soul, while the rest disappeared into the void.

"The contract is sealed. No one bound by it may break its terms," Li Fan murmured with narrowed eyes.

"Not even the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns..."

"Can defy it."

"The only power capable of subduing someone as inscrutable as Senior Sister Zhao must be a similarly formidable Longevity Immortal Sovereign."

"Perhaps even stronger."

With this, Li Fan’s speculations about the Five Elders Association’s final, unknown Longevity Sovereign were finally validated.

It was the binding power of this Sovereign’s contracts that maintained the organization’s stability.

Far away, Li Fan’s main body meditated silently, monitoring his soul for any anomalies after his clone, Zhou Qingang, signed the contract.

Nothing seemed amiss.

Yet deep down, he had a strong premonition:

Should he violate the agreement, the repercussions would reverberate through his entire being, reaching even his main body.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 570


Up until now, Li Fan still hadn’t figured out the exact consequences of violating the contract with the Five Elders Association.

However, he had no intention of testing it out personally.

Every deal he had made with the Five Elders Association had brought him immense profit. Why would he ever willingly break the agreement? On the contrary, he wished for more opportunities like these.

The Five Elders Association’s spy was now reduced to nothing but bones. At the transaction site, only Li Fan remained.

Casually destroying the stone table with engraved characters, “Zhou Qingang” leaped and returned to Congyun City.

On the way back, Li Fan reflected on some oddities during the negotiation process.

Treasures like the 'Truth-Defying Fruit' and 'Human Dao Stardust', valuable even to cultivators in the Dao Integration realm, were offered sparingly by the Five Elders Association. This was understandable to Li Fan.

However, regarding the 'Samantabhadra True Boat', the Five Elders Association was overly stingy, refusing to provide more even when offered compensation with even more precious resources.

This puzzled Li Fan.

After all, the Samantabhadra True Boat was something his puppet body had casually encountered during its travels within the Five Elders Association. It was readily available not too long ago. How had it suddenly become so valuable?

What had changed?

Li Fan couldn’t make sense of it until “Zhou Qingang” returned to the Administration Hall and happened to glance at the map of the Congyun Sea and its surrounding regions on the wall. Suddenly, inspiration struck.

He stared intently at the natural boundaries marked on the map—the place labeled as the 'White Mist Barrier'—and seemed to have an epiphany.

“The so-called law of supply and demand,” he murmured.

“Although the Samantabhadra True Boat’s actual value isn’t high, if the Five Elders Association is now requisitioning them on a massive scale and experiencing severe shortages...”

“This would explain everything.”

Li Fan’s thoughts raced.

“The Five Elders Association is planning a campaign within the White Mist?”

“Are they using the White Mist Barrier to launch an attack into the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, or are they venturing deeper into the White Mist itself?”

Even Li Fan himself was startled by this sudden hypothesis.

For countless years, cultivators had avoided the White Mist because of its life-draining properties.

Who would have thought of utilizing the White Mist Barriers as natural pathways?

Although the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had long known that Samantabhadra True Leaf could somewhat mitigate the effects of the life-draining mist, this knowledge hadn’t been widely implemented.

This oversight was a major blind spot in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s thinking.

What seemed like an impenetrable and safe White Mist Barrier could, in the next instant, erupt with countless enemy cultivators pouring forth.

This was an utterly terrifying prospect.

“I hope I’m just overthinking things. With the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s many brilliant minds, they must have already prepared for such a possibility…”

“Right?”

In the days that followed, “Zhou Qingang” deliberately kept himself busy.

Requests for meetings that he would have usually rejected outright were now all accepted.

Whenever he had free time, he patrolled the islands across the Congyun Sea.

In just three to four days, he had interacted with hundreds of individuals from various backgrounds and ranks.

This strategy made it nearly impossible for the Five Elders Association to trace his sources of intelligence or uncover traces of the so-called "Heaven-Suppressing Society".

Even if the Five Elders Association had the means to interrogate every person he met through soul-searching techniques, they wouldn’t find anything.

They would never guess that all of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s top secrets originated from Li Fan himself.

On the fifth day, Li Fan, carrying a fragmented formation diagram, ventured alone to the Ten Thousand Treasure Pavilion on Yulan Island.

In a hidden chamber deep within, he met the contact for this transaction.

The person was dressed in black, their face concealed, but Li Fan could tell they weren’t the same individual as the last contact.

“Excellent! Fellow Daoist Zhou is trustworthy, and we won’t disappoint you either,” the black-clad cultivator praised upon seeing Li Fan arrive as promised.

Li Fan asked about the previous Five Elders Association spy.

The black-clad cultivator replied solemnly, “To complete the mission, he chose self-sacrifice. It is our fate and our honor.”

It was clear that the person Li Fan had witnessed dissolving in golden light had truly perished. They had given their life to secure a contract bearing the marks of five Heavenly Sovereigns.

Curiously, there had been no celestial anomaly marking the spy’s death—a mystery Li Fan couldn’t unravel.

Nodding silently, Li Fan handed over a storage ring containing encrypted jade slips.

The black-clad cultivator accepted it with care and said, “Please wait here for a moment, Fellow Daoist Zhou.”

With that, he left the chamber with the ring, destination unknown.

Li Fan closed his eyes and waited patiently.

He wasn’t concerned about the safety of this puppet body.

First, the golden contract prohibited either side from harming the other.

Second, “Zhou Qingang” presented himself as a member of the massive covert organization 'Heaven-Suppressing Society', hidden deep within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Moreover, he was the only link between the Heaven-Suppressing Society and the Five Elders Association.

Unless the Five Elders Association was prepared to sever ties with the Heaven-Suppressing Society entirely, they wouldn’t dare harm him.

Especially when their war with the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance left no room for creating additional enemies.

Still, Li Fan remained vigilant, ready to abandon this puppet body if needed.

The Five Elders Association’s efficiency was remarkable.

In less than the time it took to brew a cup of tea, the black-clad cultivator returned to the chamber.

Although he tried to mask his emotions, the faint excitement in his demeanor was evident.

“Your methods are truly extraordinary. I am impressed!”

“This is what we promised. Please check it.”

The black-clad cultivator handed over a white stone.

“This is…” Li Fan’s eyes flashed.

Fortunately, after searching through the memories stored in the Dao Deviation Stone, he instantly knew what this white stone was.

It was the 'Primordial Void Stone Mother'—a rare, natural storage material.

Compared to ordinary storage rings, it offered significantly larger space. It could also be refined and stored within a cultivator’s body.

An essential material for crafting spatial artifacts, it was both priceless and scarcely available.

This item wasn’t on Li Fan’s list of requested goods. It was clearly provided as a dedicated storage vessel.

Li Fan nodded slightly, opened his mouth, and swallowed the stone directly.

He didn’t immediately refine it but first inspected its contents.

The Five Elders Association had fulfilled their side of the agreement without any shortages: 10,000 Enlightenment Pills, 300 Samantabhadra True Boat, three fragments of Human Dao Stardust—all matched the contract.

Li Fan’s attention focused on a five-colored glowing statue floating amidst the items.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 571


The statue's design was remarkably peculiar.

It had five faces and ten hands, yet shared a single body. Each face displayed a distinct expression:

- One lowered its eyes with compassion, seemingly sorrowful for the world's plight.

- Another bore a stern countenance, glaring with righteous anger.

- One face was slightly furrowed, appearing fragile and pitiful. Yet upon closer inspection, hints of alluring charm and coquettish seduction emerged.

This last face bore a striking resemblance to Senior Sister Zhao.

Li Fan's heart warmed, and a rush of emotions blossomed in his mind, his thoughts veering toward indulgent fantasies.

For a fleeting moment, he could even hear the gentle whispers of Senior Sister Zhao in his ears.

“Something's wrong!”

Alarmed, Li Fan snapped back to reality, breaking free from the illusion, and cold sweat drenched his back.Looking again, the vivid expressions vanished. What remained were five indistinct and featureless faces on the ten-handed statue.

“What is this?” Li Fan feigned composure as he retrieved the statue.

The black-robed cultivator, upon seeing the multicolored statue in Li Fan's hands, lit up with fervent enthusiasm and explained:

“This is an Manifestation of Heavenly Sovereign Statue, and it is one of the highest-grade types.”

“It embodies the collective will of the five Heavenly Sovereigns. While it cannot grant you direct audience with them, it does allow communication with the Five Elders Pavilion.”

“Mundane matters are typically beneath the attention of the Heavenly Sovereigns and are managed by the Five Elders Pavilion.”

“When your actions require the support of the Five Elders Association, you may use the Heavenly Sovereign Statue to relay your message to the pavilion.”

“But it can only be used once. Afterward, the statue will naturally disappear.”

...

Li Fan nodded slowly as he listened to the explanation.

After scrutinizing the ten-handed statue one last time, he stored it in the Primordial Void Stone Mother.

With the transaction complete, Li Fan was preparing to leave.

“Wait, Fellow Daoist!”

The black-robed cultivator suddenly called out, stopping him.

“What is it?” Li Fan narrowed his eyes, his expression turning wary.

The black-robed cultivator waved his hands hastily. “Haha, don’t misunderstand, my friend. I merely have a small favor to ask. Of course, the reward will be more than sufficient!”

“What is it?” Li Fan’s expression softened slightly, his tone remaining indifferent.

The black-robed cultivator handed over a slip of paper. Li Fan accepted it and glanced at the contents, which detailed a peculiar request:

About a year ago, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance discovered an ancient slumbering cultivator from the ruins of the Ancient Purple Heaven Sect.

The Five Elders Association hoped to enlist the 'Heaven-Suppressing Society' to investigate the cultivator’s true identity and current whereabouts.

The name "Purple Heaven Sect" caught Li Fan’s attention, stirring something within him.

“This is a small favor?” Li Fan let out a cold snort, his finger igniting a flame that instantly reduced the slip of paper to ashes.

The black-robed cultivator chuckled awkwardly.

“We’ll do what we can. We make no guarantees—this task is as challenging as deciphering formation diagrams.”

Li Fan turned and left, leaving behind a single echoing remark in the chamber.

The black-robed cultivator’s eyes narrowed thoughtfully at those words.

---

On his return journey, Li Fan remained exceptionally vigilant. After all, he now carried a treasure of great value and could not afford to be careless.

Fortunately, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance maintained a relatively secure environment. No one attempted to rob or kill him for his possession.

"Zhou Qingang" smoothly returned to the Congyun Immortal City.

Only once he was completely safe did Li Fan sense the fulfillment of the contract.

The agreement, which prohibited both parties from harming each other, was now void.

Simultaneously, he felt a strange sense of loss, as though something within him had vanished into thin air.

Despite much contemplation, Li Fan could not discern the nature of the "contract's" power and eventually gave up.

He did not immediately examine the results of the trade stored in the 'Primordial Void Stone Mother'. Instead, he reflected on the Five Elders Association’s request.

When he first heard terms like “Purple Heaven Sect” and “slumbering cultivator,” the name “Zhang Qianmo” instinctively flashed through his mind.

In fact, Li Fan had long been aware of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's practice of excavating ancient sect ruins to search for slumbering cultivators.

Around the 11th year, he had commissioned Jiao Xiuyuan to locate the 'Little Medicine King Cauldron', but no updates were ever provided. Upon inquiry, Jiao Xiuyuan revealed a scene he had observed and shared his speculations.

Li Fan had instructed him to investigate the identity of this ancient cultivator.

Unfortunately, two years had passed without any results. This alone illustrated the extraordinary difficulty of the matter.

Jiao Xiuyuan, with a cultivation level potentially nearing Dao Integration, had clones spread across the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and access to a wealth of intelligence.

Yet even he could do nothing regarding this matter...

"Perhaps it may not necessarily be Senior Brother Zhang."

"Senior Brother Zhang cultivates the Purple Core Nirvana Technique, constantly reincarnating. By now, he should have reincarnated as that 'Martial Fanatic Child.'"

"Such a supreme technique shouldn’t have such a glaring flaw."

"If his original body still exists while he reincarnates, it would be tantamount to exposing his lifeline to danger."

After analyzing the situation, Li Fan dismissed his previous speculation.

"In that case, besides Senior Brother Zhang, who else from the Purple Heaven Sect could have survived until now?"

Thinking it over, Li Fan couldn’t come to a clear conclusion.

One must know that in ancient times, the Purple Heaven Sect was merely a second-rate sect.

The sect lacked a Longevity Immortal Realm powerhouse, and even Dao Integration cultivators were only a handful.

Based on the memories of Li Chen, whom he had possessed at the time, the elders of the sect didn’t seem like people capable of traversing eons and surviving to the present.

"Currently, I have discarded my identity as a 'Heavenly Mechanism Sect cultivator' and don’t carry any items with me, so I can’t contact Jiao Xiuyuan for now."

"I’ll wait until after the great battle to deal with it."

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan temporarily set the matter aside.

He retrieved a piece of 'Human Dao Stardust' from the Mother Stone and placed it before him.

After swallowing a Dao Enlightenment Pill, he began to examine it.

The seemingly ordinary black stone emitted a silver starlight.

When touched with spiritual sense, countless images instantly appeared in his mind.

It was the story of a female cultivator, who, driven by great determination, spent 500 years cultivating to ultimately win back the affections of her beloved.

It was a mundane tale of unrequited love, common in the world.

However, unlike many similar stories, this female cultivator paid the price of ascending into a star for her single-minded love.

As a result, the male cultivator she pined for finally fell in love with her.

For the remainder of his life, he gazed at the starry sky daily, shedding tears of regret and sorrow.

Li Fan remained expressionless and decisively swapped it for another piece of Human Dao Stardust.

This time, the story contained within the stardust was somewhat more normal.

It was about a cultivator who, after witnessing his close kin suffer due to lack of aptitude, unable to expel the miasma within their bodies and doomed to an early death, resolved to make cultivation accessible to all.

Unfortunately, this ambition was too grand to realize.

So, he narrowed his goal from "all of humanity" to "his family."

When this cultivator ascended to the heavens, his family flourished, producing countless geniuses.

Within a century, they rose to become a dominant power in the region.

"Reversing aptitude, is it?"

A glimmer of light flashed in Li Fan’s eyes as spiritual power gathered in his palm. He suddenly exerted force, crushing the black stone into powder.

The silver starlight was entirely absorbed by him.

In an instant, countless indescribable insights flooded his mind.

The principles of the heavens intertwined into a vast web, forming the order that governs the world.

One thread in particular stood out vividly in Li Fan’s vision.

It seemed within reach, with even its intricate, profound patterns clearly visible.

In an instant, this "thin thread" filled his entire view.

The "thin thread" became as massive as a pillar supporting the heavens.

The magnificent aura emanating from it intoxicated Li Fan, unraveling many previously incomprehensible mysteries in a flash of understanding.

He also noticed countless fine threads connecting his body to the towering pillar.

As he focused on these indistinct, ethereal threads, an epiphany dawned upon him.

Though he now appeared to be a puppet manipulated by the "pillar" via these threads, someday, if his strength were sufficient, he might reverse the control, using the threads to manipulate the pillar instead.

"So this is what it means to defy the laws of heaven..."

An overwhelming sense of joy surged within him, causing even Li Fan, deep in seclusion within the Congyun Sea Trench, to tremble with excitement.

After reincarnating for a hundred lifetimes, the path to eternal life was now within reach.

Though knowing and achieving were worlds apart, the harvest of this moment filled Li Fan with immense satisfaction.

Immersed in his thoughts, he lost track of time.

When the Human Dao Stardust was completely consumed, and he emerged from his enlightenment, he felt an insatiable yearning.

In a daze, he spent half a day reminiscing before regaining clarity.

When he instinctively checked the time, Li Fan was astonished to discover that what felt like a brief moment to him had been nearly a year in the outside world.

"No wonder Longevity Immortal Realm powerhouses disdain worldly affairs. Now I understand what 'cultivation transcends the flow of time' truly means."

"And this was just a partial glimpse of the laws of heaven through the Human Dao Stardust."

"If one were to fully comprehend the laws of heaven, they might lose decades in a single retreat."

Li Fan couldn’t help but sigh inwardly.

After savoring the experience for a while, he began reviewing the events that had transpired during his year-long retreat.

The communication talisman from Zhou Qingang was nearly bursting with messages from He Zhenghao and others.

Li Fan didn’t respond immediately but instead chose to prioritize the important ones.

The war in Tianling Prefecture hadn’t yet concluded but had significantly de-escalated.

Thus, cultivators began receiving news from the battlefield.

The Xuantian Spirit Locking Formation diagram submitted by Li Fan had an immediate effect.

Just ten days after the trade was finalized, during a medium-scale skirmish, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance attempted to replicate their earlier tactics, using the 'Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation' to crush and slaughter the Five Elders Association’s forces.

However, they hadn’t expected the other side to be fully prepared.

Every cultivator was surrounded by a red protective glow.

When green and red lights merged, nothing unusual occurred.

While the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was caught off guard, a brutal close-quarters battle ensued.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 572


The events and results of this battle, though deliberately downplayed by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, can still be discerned through the series of actions taken afterward.

Newly issued offensive orders were hastily rescinded; directives were sent to all states, commanding them to fortify their defenses against infiltration by Five Elders Association cultivators. States were strictly prohibited from initiating conflict, with current missions focused primarily on defense.

Deployment orders to the frontlines also became increasingly frequent.

"Changing orders on a whim—what a slapdash operation!"

Almost overnight, the strategy underwent a complete 180-degree turn, prompting widespread complaints among the alliance cultivators. However, out of fear of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's overwhelming authority, no one dared voice their grievances openly. Such frustrations were only vented in private gatherings.

The progress of war was not subject to the will of cultivators.

What once seemed an overwhelming advantage quickly transformed into a stalemate between the two sides.

As the external war faltered, internal chaos also erupted.

At the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters, it was rumored that many high-ranking cultivators were dismissed and placed under investigation. Even long-serving, influential Dao Integration cultivators were not spared.

However, the reasons for their interrogations remained unknown.

Even when these cultivators were released—visibly weakened and clearly tortured—they remained tight-lipped, refusing to discuss the matter regardless of the questions posed.

This only served to spread suspicion and panic, as no one wanted to be the next person dragged off for mysterious interrogations.

Li Fan, however, knew the truth. The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was searching for a mole who didn’t exist.

No matter how hard they tried, they would never suspect that the one responsible for leaking the Tianxuan Spirit-Locking Formation was a minor Golden Core cultivator in a remote area on the alliance's outskirts—none other than Li Fan himself.

Thus, this investigation was destined to lead nowhere.

In the end, it would likely conclude with a few unfortunate scapegoats tortured into confessing crimes they never committed, just to wrap things up.

And on Li Fan's growing list of the injured, there would once again be the names of innocents.

After roughly understanding the course of the past year's events, Li Fan turned his attention to the many messages that He Zhenghao had sent to "Zhou Qingang."

Most of them were inquiries and reminders about when he would emerge from seclusion.

At the start, the messages were frequent, but as time passed, they gradually dwindled—perhaps due to resignation or some other reason.

“The Lord Envoy is deeply secluded, and now you’re doing the same.”

“I can’t even reach anyone.”

“Now look, everyone’s following the trend. One by one, they’ve destroyed their communication talismans and claimed to have gone into seclusion.”

“At this rate, we won’t even be able to gather ten administrative staff in Congyun City’s Administration Hall! How am I supposed to explain this to the lord envoy when he returns?!”

He Zhenghao lamented bitterly, but Li Fan merely sneered.

"Do you even acknowledge me as the Lord Secret Envoy anymore?"

Unconcerned with the ramblings of someone soon to die, Li Fan swiftly erased the messages in his communication talisman and left his secluded chamber, quietly appearing in the main hall of the Administration Hall.

In the hall, a conversation was underway:

"Brother Gao, the position of Pill Hall Quality Inspector has recently opened up. Someone offered me 50,000 contribution points for it. What do you think?"

"I think it's too low—at least 80,000."

"After all, just recently, the position of Drill Sergeant in the Martial Arts Hall went for a full 130,000 contributions. This time..."

The discussion abruptly stopped when they noticed another person in the room.

Awkwardly, He Zhenghao turned to look at "Zhou Qingang," his face flushed with embarrassment. Gao Yuan, however, narrowed his eyes slightly, showing no signs of panic at being caught in the act of trading positions for personal gain. Instead, he smiled warmly and greeted "Zhou Qingang" naturally:

"Daoist Zhou, long time no see! Perfect timing—you can help us decide!"

He then candidly recounted their scheme of selling vacant positions in Congyun City, eagerly awaiting "Zhou Qingang's" opinion.

The move not only dissolved the initial awkwardness but also subtly drew Zhou Qingang into their circle. Even Li Fan, who had spent centuries navigating the bureaucratic intricacies of the immortal world, couldn’t help but silently commend the tactic.

Smiling faintly, he looked at the two but didn’t act like a righteous whistleblower intent on exposing them. Instead, after a moment of mock deliberation, he slammed the table:

"80,000 contribution points?"

"Too low! One price—160,000 contribution points! Take it or leave it!"

The sudden doubling of the price left He Zhenghao dumbfounded.

After a brief pause, he recovered and chuckled wryly, trying to reason: "Fellow Daoist Zhou, you might not be aware of the current market conditions after your seclusion."

"The position of [Pill Hall] Quality Inspector can only fetch, at most, 80,000. After all, we're not the only ones in Congyun Sea selling positions. Buyers come to us because it's cheaper here and can serve as a stepping stone."

"But if we double the price like this..."

He Zhenghao shook his head. "Why would anyone pay so much when they could go to Luoyan Prefecture or some other more prosperous region?"

Gao Yuan also nodded in agreement.

Li Fan sneered at the two, his eyes brimming with disdain. "I’m out of touch? Or are you two the ones who don’t understand the current situation?"

The change in "Zhou Qingang’s" demeanor was stark—completely unlike his usual measured and steady self.

Gao Yuan and He Zhenghao exchanged glances, their expressions filled with doubt. Something didn’t add up.

Cautiously, He Zhenghao leaned forward and asked, "Fellow Daoist Zhou, what do you mean?"

Ignoring him, "Zhou Qingang" directed his gaze coldly at Gao Yuan, who briefly flashed a look of anger before suppressing it and putting on a polite smile.

Finally, Li Fan spoke, his tone deliberate:

"The war in Tianling Prefecture is nearing its end, and hostilities are about to cease. Your little scheme of buying and selling official positions under the cover of wartime chaos is almost over!"

This revelation left Gao Yuan and He Zhenghao truly stunned.

Their shock was no longer feigned.

In the brief silence that followed, disbelief flashed in their eyes.

"But Fellow Daoist Zhou," He Zhenghao quickly asked, "there's been no news of this. How could you know?"

Gao Yuan chimed in, "Indeed, such matters concern the entire alliance, and Fellow Daoist Zhou mustn’t speak lightly."

Li Fan's cold gaze swept over them.

"How do I know?" he sneered. "Naturally, Lord Secret Envoy himself informed me!"

........................................................................

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 573


“Lord Secret Envoy!”

“Lord Secret Envoy!”

...

Zhou Qingang's voice wasn’t loud, but when it reached He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan’s ears, it was like a thunderclap.

He Zhenghao was stunned for a moment, his face immediately turning pale. “Lord Secret Envoy has emerged from seclusion? How come I wasn’t informed?”

Gao Yuan also appeared utterly shocked, his expression full of disbelief.

However, what Zhou Qingang said next offered them a sliver of relief.

“The Secret Envoy has not yet emerged,” Zhou Qingang said lightly. “But if anyone thinks their petty schemes can escape the attention of the Secret Envoy in seclusion, that would be laughable.”

His words were filled with implication as he cast a sharp gaze at the two men.

He Zhenghao, feeling guilty, laughed awkwardly. “We all know the Secret Envoy possesses heaven-penetrating abilities; none of us would dare to deceive him!”Gao Yuan, previously calm and confident, now broke into a cold sweat. His mind raced for a countermeasure as he hastily echoed He Zhenghao’s words.

Li Fan, seeing their feigned ignorance, sneered inwardly.

He raised his voice and sternly rebuked:

“You two, embezzling the recruitment funds behind the Secret Envoy’s back; behaving recklessly while he’s away; treating the laws of the Immortal Alliance as if they’re nothing; selling official positions for massive profits…”

“Do you really think such acts can escape the all-seeing eyes of the Secret Envoy?”

“How could you be so foolish?”

He Zhenghao, struck as if by lightning, trembled uncontrollably. Gao Yuan’s face turned ashen, his mouth opening and closing without forming a single word.

“Hmph! Don’t be deceived by the fact that the Secret Envoy outwardly appears to be only at the Golden Core stage. You both should know his true power is terrifying.” R

“While he might not claim to know all things without leaving his chambers, do you really believe the filth within this tiny Congyun Sea can elude his discerning gaze?” Li Fan declared with pride.

“Since the time, He Zhenghao, when you privately pocketed unclaimed recruitment funds, the Secret Envoy has been watching you.”

Hearing this, He Zhenghao’s legs gave out, and he collapsed to the ground.

“I...” He Zhenghao tried to defend himself, but his voice was bitter, unable to muster an excuse.

Zhou Qing'ang sighed lightly.

“However, the Secret Envoy doesn’t care about such minor contributions. After all, you were the first to follow him upon his awakening. He chose to turn a blind eye, considering it a reward for your hard work.”

“But the things you’ve done over the past two years have deeply disappointed him.”

Zhou Qingang’s tone turned cold:

“Selling official titles—is it wrong? Many in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance do the same. The Secret Envoy is not ignorant of human nature and wouldn’t oppose it outright.”

“If you had openly applied to the Secret Envoy to profit from such actions, he might have even lent you a hand!”

“But your grave mistake was acting on your own in everything. The wealth you’ve amassed from selling positions likely exceeds a million contribution points.”

“Did you ever report even once to the Secret Envoy? These acts violate the laws of the Immortal Alliance. If they were exposed one day, the higher-ups would surely hold the Secret Envoy, as Congyun City’s highest-ranking official, accountable.”

“Your greed is bad enough, but implicating the Secret Envoy as a scapegoat? Your intentions are truly despicable!” Zhou Qingang roared.

He Zhenghao, still sitting on the ground, felt aggrieved.

He wanted to argue, saying that the Secret Envoy himself had warned them not to disturb him without urgent matters. How could he possibly report illegal actions like embezzlement? Was he supposed to court death?

But no matter how valid his reasoning, it was useless to say it now.

Looking back on his actions over the past two years, He Zhenghao felt as though he had been dreaming.

The contribution points he had worked so hard to earn and cherished deeply now appeared as mere numbers in his eyes, devoid of real value. Even spending hundreds of thousands of points in an instant no longer fazed him.

The vast sums under his control had unknowingly changed his mindset.

Originally, he had sworn to follow the Secret Envoy—rumored to be a Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign who had fallen in cultivation—and to achieve great things under his leadership. He had hoped to return triumphantly to Tianyu Prefecture and reconcile with Heng Ruoshui.

But as time passed, he became lost in the flattery of others and the seemingly endless stream of contribution points. He forgot his lofty ambitions and focused solely on gaining more through unscrupulous means to indulge himself.

“Why must it be Heng Ruoshui?” he once thought. “With enough contribution points, what kind of female cultivator could I not have?”

Now, thinking back, he found it laughable.

At the time, though, he had been hopelessly ensnared in greed.

Scenes from the past flashed through his mind. He Zhenghao, drenched in sweat, felt as though he had just been pulled from water.

“How did I become like this?” He Zhenghao felt nothing but regret and bewilderment.

“Will the Secret Envoy show me any mercy?” He shivered, imagining his demise at the hands of Li Fan.

Yet, a glimmer of hope remained in his heart. The logic was simple: if the Secret Envoy had already decided to punish him, why bother sending Zhou Qing'ang to say so much?

His patient persuasion and his earlier mention of "doubling the 160,000 contribution points" suggested there might still be room for negotiation.

Thinking of this, He Zhenghao raised his head to look at Zhou Qingang.

Li Fan, noticing He Zhenghao’s long silence and the despair in his eyes, saw him suddenly look up. Smiling faintly, Li Fan spoke again:

“Although your crimes are severe, you were among the first to follow the Lord Secret Envoy.”

“Therefore, the Secret Envoy has decided to give you one last chance to redeem yourselves.”

These words ignited a flicker of hope in both He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan’s eyes.

“Please guide us!” Gao Yuan quickly bowed and asked.

“As I mentioned earlier, the war in Tianling Prefecture is nearing its end.”

“The Secret Envoy’s instructions are simple…” Li Fan paused before continuing resolutely:

“Seize this final opportunity.”

“Take as much as you can!”

His unwavering tone echoed throughout the hall.

Hearing this, the two men exchanged bewildered glances, doubt creeping onto their faces as they turned to Zhou Qingang.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 574


“Did the lord truly say that?” He Zhenghao asked, somewhat hesitantly.

Gao Yuan also seemed skeptical. “Everyone knows that the Lord Envoy’s mastery of divination techniques is extraordinary. If he wanted to amass wealth, there are countless methods at his disposal. Why would he stoop to such actions? It’s beneath his status!”

"Zhou Qingang" snorted at their reactions. “The Lord Envoy’s ambitions are not something the likes of you two could fathom.”

“But fine, to put your doubts at ease, I’ll reveal a little more of the inside story.”

Lowering his voice, Zhou Qingang whispered, “The Lord Envoy not only foresaw that the war in Tianling Prefecture is about to end, but he also predicted that after the war, to restore vitality and expedite recovery, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance will issue a decree.”

“What decree?” He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan perked up, eagerly listening.

Zhou Qingang slowly continued, “Every cultivator in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance will be allowed to purchase techniques from the Tianxuan Mirror at a discount.”

“Although divination involving artifacts like the Tianxuan Mirror may result in minor discrepancies, according to the Lord Envoy, this outcome is highly likely.”

“Discounted techniques?” The two gasped audibly upon hearing this.

After reflecting, however, they realized it wasn’t without precedent. The last time such an event occurred was centuries ago, and only a few elder cultivators had ever mentioned it.

For cultivators, the contribution points required to purchase techniques are one of the largest expenditures in their careers. Techniques often cost tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of contribution points—a figure insignificant to someone like He Zhenghao, but for most cultivators, it’s a fortune accumulated at great personal cost.

If the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance truly reopens discounted purchases of techniques—even at a 20% discount—it would save an enormous amount of contribution points during this period. It’s easy to imagine how frenzied the cultivators would become. Borrowing or selling off assets to gather enough points to buy techniques would be inevitable.

After considering this, He Zhenghao’s eyes lit up. He faintly sensed a tremendous opportunity, though his exact plan to capitalize on it remained unclear. Scratching his head, he grew increasingly restless and urged, “Fellow Daoist Zhou, stop teasing us. Tell us the details!”

Zhou Qingang smirked. “It’s simple! First, spread rumors that the war is ending and everything is returning to normal.”

“Opportunities like this don’t come twice. If anyone still wants to use contribution points to secure a position or rank, now is the time. Such chances won’t come again!”

“Of course, slightly increasing prices is entirely reasonable, isn’t it?”

“Second, announce the relaunch of the fundraising campaign, but make it grander this time.”

“This time, set the term to five years with a promised 200% return. Moreover, allow contribution points to be invested without an upper limit!”

As the person who had been managing the fundraising campaigns, He Zhenghao couldn’t help but twitch at these words.

A 200% return in five years was entirely achievable in his mind, especially with the Lord Envoy’s abilities. Considering the prior fundraising successes and the Lord Envoy’s high-ranking position as a Secret Envoy of Congyun City, this unrestricted fundraising campaign would undoubtedly attract unimaginable contributions. 𝐫�

Particularly those cultivators who had missed out on the previous opportunities due to various reasons—they would scramble to invest at the first hint of this news.

After all, five years isn’t long. Many cultivators could easily retreat into closed-door cultivation, and by the time they emerged, their wealth would have tripled.

Opportunities like this are rarer than a lantern in the dark!

Moreover, with Li Fan as the highest administrator of the Congyun Sea region, there was no risk of him fleeing with the contributions.

“But this...” Gao Yuan noticed the ruthlessness in this plan, his gaze flickering with unease.

“Indeed. Both methods aim to empty the cultivators’ pockets in the shortest time possible,” Zhou Qingang said smugly. “Once they’ve handed over all their hard-earned savings, they’ll hear about the Alliance’s discounted technique policy.”

“They’ll recognize it as a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, yet have no contribution points left to act.”

“What’s that? Want to withdraw your investment? Sure, but the penalty fees must be paid, right?”

“Even if they’re broke, we’ll accept collateral—artifacts, rare materials, anything will do.”

“And if they’re desperate to buy discounted techniques, we could even lend them points! With interest, of course. A modest 20% per year—how reasonable!”

…

Zhou Qingang grinned wickedly as he elaborated, leaving He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan drenched in cold sweat.

When Zhou Qingang finally finished his lengthy explanation, Gao Yuan couldn’t help but ask, “The Lord Envoy’s plan is brilliant, but I have one question. Please enlighten me, Daoist Zhou.”

Zhou Qingang tilted his head, silently pondering before replying, “We’ve worked together for years, Brother Gao. Speak freely.”

“In my understanding of the Lord Envoy’s character, he doesn’t seem overly concerned with wealth. Why the sudden shift to such large-scale operations?”

He Zhenghao agreed. “Indeed, could it be that the Lord Envoy has deeper motives? I, too, believe he wouldn’t go to such lengths merely for contribution points.”

Zhou Qingang remained silent for a long time, seemingly deep in thought. Seeing this, He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan felt their suspicions confirmed, their anticipation growing.

After a while, Zhou Qingang finally made a decision. Using divine sense to transmit his voice, he said, “The Lord Envoy did not explicitly state this to me; it’s merely my own speculation.”

“Take it as an amusing guess, and do not treat it seriously!”

The two quickly nodded, promising discretion.

“It’s highly likely that Immortal Monarchs Hongxi and Ziyun are returning to the Congyun Sea.”

He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan were stunned, clarity dawning on them instantly.

“Not just that. The Nascent Soul cultivators previously dispatched from the Tianji Hall and Formation Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortal Island are likely returning soon.”

“The Lord Envoy, after all, was appointed from above and has shallow roots here. Furthermore, his own cultivation is only at the Golden Core stage. Facing those seasoned Nascent Soul cultivators, he might find it hard to maintain his authority.”

“Thus, the Lord Envoy plans to use this opportunity to consolidate his influence. If my guess is correct, when they return, he’ll likely forgive the cultivators’ debts to win their loyalty.”

“And if my guess is wrong, the Lord Envoy will still profit immensely, suffering no loss either way.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 575


“Zhou Qingang” explained his reasoning methodically. Upon hearing this, Gao Yuan couldn’t help but slap the table in admiration, exclaiming, “If this plan succeeds, nearly all the cultivators of the Congyun Sea will owe a debt of gratitude to the esteemed Lord Envoy.”

“Even if the two Soul Transformation Immortal Monarchs, Hongxi and Ziyun, return, they will have to carefully consider the consequences of opposing the Lord Envoy.”

“Our lord’s foresight is truly unparalleled, strategizing not just one step ahead, but a hundred steps. It’s beyond the comprehension of ordinary minds.”

The seemingly simple wealth accumulation plan turned out to have so many intricate layers that He Zhenghao couldn’t help but marvel at its brilliance.

Both men were deeply impressed.

However, they failed to notice a critical flaw in the seemingly flawless plan.

The key issue was whether Li Fan could genuinely achieve the promised “200% returns within five years” after absorbing an astronomical amount of contributions.

Perhaps it was because of Li Fan’s prior demonstrations of incredible, seemingly impossible abilities, which had subtly brainwashed them.

Or perhaps they had filled in the gaps of their imagination, believing Li Fan to be a fallen Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign. Their trust in his abilities had reached a point where they no longer doubted him.

Ultimately, they harbored no skepticism about Li Fan’s ability to achieve the goals of this fundraising plan.After all, what’s a mere threefold return in five years?

How could such a thing stump the revered Lord Secret Envoy?

But in reality...

Even if Li Fan had reincarnated countless times in the Congyun Sea, possessing unparalleled foresight, this time, it was truly beyond his capabilities.

It wasn’t a question of his ability but a practical limitation. Once an asset base grows to a certain scale, doubling it becomes exponentially harder.

To put it bluntly, Li Fan was merely a speculator, profiting from buying low and selling high.

He was not a creator of wealth.

Unlike the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, he couldn’t generate contribution points infinitely and without restriction.

While he might manage to double a few million contribution points through skillful maneuvering, if the amount reached several billion or more...

Unless another unprecedented war broke out between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association—one he could anticipate in advance—it would be impossible. ɽ�

But it didn’t matter that he couldn’t deliver.

After all, from the beginning, he had never intended to fulfill the promised returns.

That’s why the fundraising plan was set to be closed for five years.

By the time five years passed, the Crimson Flame would engulf the Congyun Sea, reducing it to a wasteland.

With everyone dead, there would be no need to repay the debts.

Instead of letting the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance reclaim the contribution points, it was better to let Li Fan make use of them.

Thus, Li Fan carried no psychological burden.

As for the return of Lan Cang, Hao Xuan, and a group of Nascent Soul cultivators, while true, it was merely rhetoric to deceive He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan.

Whether they returned or not, Li Fan genuinely didn’t care.

If they dared return to the Congyun Sea, they would not escape the fate of death.

However, Li Fan did hope that some of the formation masters he was more familiar with, such as Zhang Zhiliang, could survive a little longer in this world.

These thoughts flashed through his mind. At this moment, “Zhou Qingang” turned to He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan and said, “You two have already disappointed the Lord Envoy once. Don’t waste this final chance to redeem yourselves!”

“You must ensure that the Lord Envoy’s plan is executed flawlessly.”

Both men nodded in agreement.

They were fully aware that if the two Soul Transformation Immortal Monarchs returned and Li Fan lost power, their fate, as members of Li Fan’s inner circle, would be dire.

Setting aside loyalty, even for their own survival, they had to give it their all this time.

However, Gao Yuan, being more cautious, hesitated for a moment. Before leaving, he cautiously asked Zhou Qingang, “Fellow Daoist Zhou, do you have the Lord Envoy’s token?”

“It’s not that we distrust you, but the stakes are simply too high…”

Zhou Qingang chuckled, about to reply, when two peculiar fluctuations suddenly emanated from the storage rings of He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan.

Both men’s faces changed as they recalled something.

They quickly retrieved the source of the anomaly: two 'Divine Spirit Jade Slip' that Li Fan had entrusted to them before entering seclusion.

The two jade slips merged in midair, forming a faint humanoid figure.

Li Fan’s voice echoed, “What you’ve said is not unreasonable. This matter is indeed significant enough to warrant my personal involvement.”

Seeing Li Fan suddenly appear, He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan panicked, immediately falling to their knees and exclaiming, “Greetings, Lord Secret Envoy!”

Their hearts raced with fear.

Li Fan’s words implied that their entire conversation with Zhou Qingang had been observed by the Lord Envoy from beginning to end!

In fact, it seemed every move they made since Li Fan had entered seclusion was under his control.

Terrified, the two prostrated themselves, heads touching the ground, not daring to move until Li Fan gave them permission.

“He Zhenghao!”

“Present!” He Zhenghao quickly responded.

“Select some representatives from the cultivators who participated in the previous fundraising plan. Arrange a meeting in ten days so I can personally explain the details of the five-year plan and reassure everyone.” Li Fan’s voice was steady and commanding.

Receiving this order, He Zhenghao felt a glimmer of relief and promptly agreed.

“Gao Yuan!”

“Present!” Gao Yuan’s voice trembled.

“Compile a list of the Congyun Sea cultivators who perished in the recent war in Tianling Prefecture. Submit it to me in ten days.”

Gao Yuan quickly agreed as well.

The light from the Divine Spirit Jade Slip grew dim, eventually fading away entirely.

The jade slip fell to the ground with a soft thud, accompanied by Li Fan’s final words:

“Remember, in my absence, Zhou Qingang has full authority to act on my behalf.”

“His words are my orders!”

Zhou Qingang bowed slightly, expressing gratitude to the Lord Envoy, a faint smirk betraying his sense of triumph.

He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan felt a pang of regret and jealousy.

“The trust of the Lord Envoy was supposed to belong to us!”

Yet they dared not complain, obediently carrying out their orders.

With Li Fan personally confirming the plan, He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan diligently executed his will, terrified of failure.

Years of careful management had given the two better control over Congyun Sea City than Li Fan himself.

Under their direction, news of the imminent conclusion of the great war and the new fundraising plan spread throughout the cultivators of the Congyun Sea within a single day.

The revelations caused a great stir, leaving many unsettled.

Countless messages were sent to He Zhenghao, inquiring about the truth of the situation.

He Zhenghao naturally embellished the story further.

Thus, ten days later, a gathering of cultivators eagerly awaited Li Fan’s arrival.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 576


Liuli Island.

He Zhenghao gazed at the island he had guarded for decades. Turning to the timid, bowing successor beside him, who nodded obsequiously, he couldn't help but feel a surge of pride.

Once upon a time, he too had been like this young man—anxious and uneasy whenever superiors came to inspect. He had been terrified of making mistakes that would incur their wrath.

Yet now, in just a few years, he had become the kind of "big shot" he once looked up to with fear and reverence.

Encouraging the young successor, Zhao Changli, with a few words of advice, He Zhenghao confidently entered the 'Mountain-River Star Formation'.

The mountains overhead shielded the gathering from prying eyes.

Inside, cultivators invited by He Zhenghao had already been waiting for some time.

"Fellow Daoist He!"

As soon as He Zhenghao appeared, they warmly greeted him. To them, if Li Fan was the God of Wealth, then He Zhenghao was the epitome of a generous distributor of fortune.

After exchanging pleasantries, one impatient cultivator asked, "Fellow Daoist He, is it true what the Lord Envoy deduced? That the war is about to end? There’s no sign of it. Just today, I heard the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance vowed to fight to the bitter end…" Before he could finish, others interrupted, voices clamoring:

"The Lord Envoy’s divination techniques are unfathomable and flawless! If you don’t believe, why bother coming here today?"

"Heh, Fellow Daoist He, ignore him. Tell us more about this open-ended fundraising plan!"

He Zhenghao raised his hands for silence, and the room quieted instantly.

With a gentle smile, he began explaining the details.

Hearing He Zhenghao personally confirm the matter, the cultivators were ecstatic. However, the scale of the fundraising effort was so enormous that even He Zhenghao couldn’t fully reassure everyone. Doubts lingered among some.

It was then that Li Fan made his entrance.

A silver light descended from the sky, spilling through the mountain peaks.

Li Fan, clad in a white Daoist robe, stepped gracefully on starlight. His seemingly leisurely pace brought him to the gathering in an instant.

From him emanated rhythmic waves of power, instantly drawing everyone's attention.

The cultivators present were all seasoned and well-off individuals, invited here because of their stature. Yet even they were deeply shaken by the lingering aura emanating from Li Fan. �

It was as though they were standing in the presence of the infinite mysteries of the universe. Even the slightest touch sparked profound insights in their minds.

One cultivator, his face alight with joy, seemed to experience sudden enlightenment. Without regard for the setting, he closed his eyes and began meditating on the spot.

"What kind of power is this? Even a Soul Transformation True Monarch wouldn’t match up!"

"Could it be that the Lord Envoy has recovered his original cultivation realm?"

The crowd exchanged uneasy glances, struggling to contain their astonishment.

“I’ve recently emerged from seclusion with some minor, insignificant breakthroughs,” Li Fan said softly, “but I’ve yet to fully adapt and suppress these changes. Forgive me for the disruption.”

The crowd trembled inwardly, their imaginations running wild, hastily assuring him there was no offense.

Li Fan nodded slightly, waiting for the room to quiet down before speaking again.

“During this seclusion, not only have I advanced in cultivation, but I’ve also managed to repair the treasured artifact of my Heavenly Mechanism Sect—the 'Heaven and Earth Divination Dice'.”

“This artifact was damaged during a forced divination at the Martial Hall. Though repairing it was no great challenge, I had a premonition that the time wasn’t right, so I delayed.”

He spoke as a crystalline 20-sided die materialized in his hand, spinning and revealing fleeting glimpses of countless images within its translucent surfaces.

“Recently, my cultivation bore fruit, and I was struck with sudden inspiration. Realizing the time had come, I repaired it completely. During this process, I glimpsed a faint thread of the future.”

The crowd grew tense, listening intently.

“Hongxi and Ziyun, the two Soul Transformation True Monarchs, may soon return to Congyun Immortal City. You know, while I currently oversee the Congyun Sea, it’s only because these two are temporarily absent. When they return, both propriety and law demand I relinquish power.”

Li Fan’s expression remained calm, as though recounting a matter unrelated to himself.

“When that happens, I will likely resign from my position as Secret Envoy and depart from the Congyun Sea to wander the Immortal Alliance’s heartlands.”

“I’ve governed this region for a time, forming a connection with all of you. My success in rebuilding the Immortal City would not have been possible without your support.

“Thus, I’ve decided to help you one last time before my departure.”

Sweeping his gaze across the crowd, Li Fan declared, “After this, our fates will be severed, and we may never cross paths again.”

The announcement caused a stir.

None among them were naive. Though Li Fan claimed he was relinquishing power to avoid disputes, his actions suggested otherwise. If he truly intended to leave, he could simply step down. Why stage such a grandiose fundraising campaign and rally support?

“So that’s it! He’s laying the groundwork for a power grab, seeking our backing!”

“Well, it’s only natural. Ceding the leadership of an entire region isn’t so easy, after all.”

Connecting the dots, many cultivators felt enlightened. Recalling how loyal supporters of Li Fan—like He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan—had all been richly rewarded after his political victories, they sensed an opportunity.

“Lord Envoy, you need not worry. We stand firmly behind you!”

“Indeed! While Hongxi and Ziyun may have good reputations, they always remained aloof. None could compare to you, leading us to prosperity!”

“Every time I’ve joined the Lord Envoy’s fundraising initiatives, I’ve reaped immense rewards. In just a few years, my wealth has multiplied sixfold!”

“I joined later, but I’ve still doubled my fortune!”

“Support the Lord Envoy!”

“With the Lord Envoy, we’ll amass wealth and achieve enlightenment!”

The support snowballed as one cultivator after another voiced their allegiance.

Li Fan’s gaze flickered briefly toward He Zhenghao, who promptly retrieved pre-prepared contracts and registries from his storage ring, initiating the fundraising process on the spot.

Amid the fervor and under Li Fan’s sharp gaze, even those initially reluctant felt compelled to contribute.

“For appearances’ sake, I used up a piece of Human Dao Stardust and several Dao Enlightenment Pills when I made my entrance,” Li Fan mused silently.

“But no matter. I’ll recover it all from this fundraising campaign.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 577


When Li Fan made his appearance, the silvery starlight radiating from him and the uncontrollable, enlightening aura of the Dao rhythm surrounding him naturally stemmed from the effects of the [Human Dao Stardust] and the Enlightenment Pills he had consumed.

For this, Li Fan swallowed the previously refined [Human Dao Stardust], which had the power to reverse the thoughts of his beloved, along with hundreds of Enlightenment Pills—all in one gulp.

He didn't expect to fully absorb their essence but only needed their residual energy to spill out.

Looking at it now, the intimidation effect worked quite well.

As more and more contributions filled his pouch, Li Fan believed that unless something unforeseen occurred, this final round of fundraising should proceed smoothly.

There was no longer any need to linger here, so Li Fan left quietly.

Instead of returning to Congyun City, he retreated to the hidden chamber he had excavated earlier in the depths of the ocean trench, once again going into seclusion.

---

“The Heaven and Earth Divination Dice...”

Li Fan’s eyes sparkled as a crystalline die appeared in his hand. He toyed with it, his thoughts surging.

The words he had spoken earlier were not entirely fabricated.

During his prior interactions with this ancient treasure from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, fleeting, blurry visions occasionally appeared in his mind.

These visions depicted apocalyptic scenes—scorched earth stretching for thousands of miles and the dead silence of Congyun Sea.

If an ordinary cultivator received such inexplicable premonitions, they would undoubtedly panic and be at a loss.

However, Li Fan was unfazed. After all, he had witnessed far more terrifying scenarios, such as the utter annihilation of everything by the Ink Death.

For Li Fan, something like the Crimson Flame Burning the Sea was just a minor scene.

What truly intrigued him was the timing of these future visions sensed through the Heaven and Earth Divination Dice.

It wasn’t tied to the usual 28-year timeline he had experienced in his past reincarnations. Instead, it was happening earlier.

Moreover, the timeline kept advancing as Li Fan made various moves in his current life.

For instance, after he manipulated events to have Sikong Yi complete the Heavenly Doctor’s mission.

Or after he devised a plan for Han Yi to incite a great battle between the Fisherman, the Heavenly Doctor, and the Sage.

Each time, the vision of the Crimson Flame Burning the Sea in the Heaven and Earth Divination Dice advanced significantly.

Li Fan understood that the future was never fixed, nor was there any event destined to occur without fail.

However, an event as monumental as the Crimson Flame Burning the Sea shouldn’t be easily altered by his actions.

Yet evidently, Li Fan had underestimated the impact of his moves on this apocalyptic event.

Why would Congyun Sea witness the slaughter of all life by the Spirit of Heaven and Earth?

Even after the annihilation of the Crimson Flame, why would the will of Heaven persist, sending out the formidable [Ink Death] to turn Congyun Sea into a complete wasteland? R̃�

The intervention of Ink Death would reduce Congyun Sea to nothingness—a mutual destruction scenario detrimental to Heaven and Earth itself.

And yet, Heaven remained resolute.

Congyun Sea must perish.

This was something Li Fan had understood in his early cycles of reincarnation.

But as for why—he still couldn’t find a clue.

However, in this life, after he actively facilitated the meeting between the Heavenly Doctor, the Sage, and the Fisherman, things began to shift.

According to the visions from the Heaven and Earth Divination Dice, if the battle between the three truly took place, the Crimson Flame Burning the Sea, originally pegged for 28 years, would now occur by year 20 at the latest—eight years earlier.

The war among the Heavenly Doctor, the Fisherman, and the Sage had long been part of Li Fan’s plan.

It couldn’t be altered simply because of this shift in timing.

This was why Li Fan decided to launch the final fundraising campaign now.

At present, everything was still just fragmented images from the Heaven and Earth Destiny Dice.

It might take a few years for these events to materialize into a definitive outcome.

“If the Red Flame Burning the Sea really occurs earlier because of the frequent actions of the Heavenly Doctor and others…”

“Then things become truly intriguing.”

A glint of intrigue flashed through Li Fan’s eyes.

He thought again of the shattered fragments of the Heavenly Fiend Sword, suppressed across various places by the Spirit of Heaven and Earth.

Li Fan, after several reincarnations in the Xuanhuang Realm and extensive study of its records, had gained a considerable understanding of its cultivation dynamics.

While not omniscient, he had pieced together a substantial picture.

He knew that ever since the establishment of the new cultivation laws, the conflict between cultivators and Heaven and Earth had become irreconcilable.

Yet Heaven typically countered cultivators indirectly, using mechanisms like “Law of Incompatible Cultivation,” which subtly altered the fundamental rules of existence to purge cultivators.

But the catastrophic calamity in Congyun Sea, with Heaven’s overt display of murderous intent…

Li Fan had rarely encountered similar cases.

Perhaps relevant records had been concealed, but for now, Congyun Sea was the only known example.

“What does this ultimately signify?”

A contemplative expression crossed Li Fan’s face.

“Let’s hope the Heavenly Doctor and the others can give me some enlightenment in this life.”

---

After the grand gathering of cultivators on Liuli Island, it took less than a day for all the cultivators in Congyun Sea to receive confirmed news.

The rumors were true. The reclusive Lord Envoy had personally emerged to validate them.

And so began a grand frenzy.

The high-yield fundraising plan, previously exclusive to cultivators with ties to Li Fan, was now open to all.

The promise of a threefold return in five years seemed miraculous, but with the legendary cultivator of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect leading the project, it didn’t seem impossible.

Cultivators eagerly spread the news, passionately debating how much contribution they should invest.

Even the most cautious among them wavered in the face of such widespread enthusiasm.

“Forty-five thousand contribution points—if I triple that…”

“That would exceed a hundred thousand!”

Sikong Yi’s heart raced.

“Fellow Daoist Han was right. Cultivation is all about connections! Without the opportunity he left for me to work with He Zhenghao, when else could I have made this much?”

“Fellow Daoist Han, you died well!”

With that thought, Sikong Yi didn’t hesitate.

He decided to bet everything he had on this fundraising campaign.

“This is a rare chance, never to be missed. My comeback hinges on this!”

Determination flickered in his eyes.

Meanwhile, in Yuandao Province, Han Yi, still carrying his hard-earned hundred thousand contribution points, heard the news.

“Congyun Sea, Li Fan… threefold in five years?”

A spark of interest ignited within him.

Since forcibly altering his fortune had caused a backlash, everything had been going poorly for him.

His cultivation progress was slow, and his contribution points had already dwindled.

“Perhaps…”

Hesitation flashed in Han Yi’s eyes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 578


"My hard-earned one million contribution points didn’t come easily. Besides, once this cycle of karmic backlash passes, who knows how long it will take."

"I should be more cautious."

After pondering for a moment, Han Yi decided that seeing is believing. Since he had faced setbacks everywhere in Yuandao State, he might as well return to Congyun Sea to investigate personally before making any decisions.

Thus, prompted by a spur of the moment to visit Yuandao State, Han Yi returned to his old stomping grounds after overhearing some intriguing news.

Upon his return to Congyun Sea, he was astonished by the heated discussions among cultivators about the “Fundraising Plan of the Lord Secret Envoy.” The intensity of the debate far exceeded his expectations.

Although not everyone blindly believed in it, a significant portion of Li Fan's loyal followers did.

Believers and skeptics viewed each other as fools, each side eager to persuade the other. Amidst endless arguments, the topic only gained more traction, drawing many previously hesitant cultivators to participate.

However, watching this scene, as lively as oil on a raging fire, Han Yi couldn’t help but feel a chill in his heart.

Before he could delve deeper into the source of his unease, a piece of news swept through the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance like a storm. While it brought relief to countless cultivators, it also pushed the discussion about Li Fan’s fundraising plan to a new peak.

The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association had decided to cease hostilities.Once again, Master Li Fan’s predictions had come true!

Ever since Li Fan disseminated this information, people had been pulling strings and probing its authenticity, stirring a wave of public speculation. Yet, no concrete conclusions had been reached—until today. The prophecy had come true again!

While sharp-eyed individuals suspected that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had taken advantage of the situation to make a strategic retreat, it didn’t detract from the mythical status of Li Fan’s predictive prowess, which was elevated to a new pinnacle.

Many cultivators who previously believed that this large-scale fundraising plan was merely a scam for Li Fan to pocket one last sum before absconding began to waver in their skepticism.

Even those who had chosen to remain neutral were compelled by this ironclad evidence to join the fundraising frenzy.

Following trends is a human instinct.

Han Yi, still hesitant due to his lingering unease, was suddenly swayed by a new rumor.

It was said that the overwhelming enthusiasm of the cultivators had led to contributions exceeding the original plan. Consequently, the previously promised “no upper limit” fundraising might be prematurely halted.

The source of this rumor was unknown, but its vivid details immediately alarmed those who had yet to "get on board."

Although the representative of the Lord Secret Envoy, He Zhenghao, promptly stepped forward to refute the rumor with righteous indignation, it couldn’t change the fact that the efficiency of collecting contributions was slowing. ŕ

Ironically, this only seemed to confirm the "rumor’s" credibility, driving the cultivators into even greater urgency.

Han Yi, too, couldn’t resist any longer.

In the fervent atmosphere, he acted impulsively, surrendering his remaining 910,000 contribution points.

When the cold sea breeze cleared his head, Han Yi regretted his decision.

"At the very least, I should have kept some as backup," he lamented.

But it was too late. A contract had already been signed, and within the five-year lockdown period, the contribution points could not be withdrawn. In emergencies requiring urgent funds, a 30% penalty on the principal would be imposed, along with the forfeiture of any accrued interest.

The terms were severe, and few cultivators would choose this route unless absolutely necessary. According to He Zhenghao, these strict rules were meant to prevent malicious sabotage.

After all, Li Fan’s high-profile fundraising had amassed a substantial sum, attracting jealousy from certain individuals eager to smear his reputation and seize a share for themselves.

“With so many cultivators involved, and given that Li Fan is the current supreme ruler of Congyun Sea, there shouldn’t be any problems,” Han Yi tried to console himself, but his lingering unease remained. Penniless and uncertain of where to go, he aimlessly wandered Congyun Sea, lost in thought.

After an indeterminate time, Han Yi suddenly snapped out of his daze.

Surveying his surroundings, he felt a strange sense of familiarity. "This feeling... odd. I’m sure it’s my first time here," he muttered, a hint of solemnity flashing in his eyes.

Thanks to his cultivation of the Heavenly Fortune Sutra, Han Yi’s sharp intuition wouldn’t allow him to dismiss this déjà vu.

He cautiously circulated his energy and surveyed the area.

"Huh?"

Moments later, his gaze fixed on a spot in the sky.

All beings possess their own destiny. Yet, in Han Yi’s vision, the seemingly empty space appeared strangely distorted.

"Something is hidden here!" Han Yi felt a surge of excitement.

Believing he had stumbled upon a great opportunity, Han Yi discreetly ensured no other cultivators were nearby. Confirming he was alone, he carefully ascended to the peculiar spatial distortion to investigate.

“Something’s definitely off!”

After several hours of observation, Han Yi was convinced of his discovery. Yet, no matter how he tried, he couldn’t find a way into the hidden space.

Aware that prolonged exposure increased the likelihood of being discovered, Han Yi grew anxious. Such a significant opportunity couldn’t be shared with others!

At that moment, a vague image flashed through his mind.

Stunned, Han Yi quickly mimicked the actions of the figure in his vision. He stepped back, then suddenly accelerated to his maximum speed, charging toward the distorted space.

A dark light enveloped him as he passed through.

In the next moment, Han Yi found himself standing before two enigmatic entities.

Azure Wind.

A broken sword.

His eyes turned blood red, and his mind descended into chaos.

Just as he was about to lose control and rush toward the fragments of the "Spirit of Heaven and Earth," a faint glimmer from the feather in his dantian saved him once again.

Encased in its glow, Han Yi regained a shred of clarity.

Resolute, he averted his gaze from the extraordinary sight of Azure-Wind and the Broken Sword and unleashed his full cultivation to escape.

Soon, Han Yi fled the strange space, coughing up blood. The mystical feather in his dantian was badly damaged, its once-proud plumes now shriveled and listless.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 579


"F*ck!"

In a short span of time, Han Yi experienced immense joy, shocking surprise, and devastating despair, narrowly escaping death.

At this moment, all Han Yi could think of was cursing aloud.

"Was it really necessary for fate to backfire so absurdly just because I gained a million contribution points?"

Finally landing on the ground of an uninhabited island, Han Yi gasped for breath, still shaken.

"Fortune and misfortune truly go hand in hand!"

His expression flickered between gloom and light.

His premonition wasn’t wrong; that place indeed held a great opportunity.

There lay the Spirit of Heaven and Earth capable of advancing to the Dao Integration Realm, along with a peculiar broken sword that could rival the essence itself.

Had his strength been sufficient, he could have slain Azure Wind, subdued the broken sword, and not only stepped into the Dao Integration Realm but also gained a divine weapon matching his power....

The thought of such a scenario caused Han Yi's breathing to quicken.

He even contemplated returning to try again.

But fortunately, he retained a shred of reason, quickly shaking his head and dismissing the thought.

"My strength is insufficient!" he lamented inwardly.

"To kill Azure Wind, I would need at least the Soul Transformation Realm. Even with my Heavenly Fortune Sutra, it would take at least a hundred years to achieve that."

"And what if someone else discovers that place during this time?"

"I should’ve known better than to be greedy for small gains. I should’ve used the million contribution points to quickly raise my cultivation level instead."

"Slow and steady—what use is that compared to the thrill of stepping into Dao Integration overnight?"

His mind churned with conflicting thoughts, leaving Han Yi increasingly restless.

---

Meanwhile, Li Fan—the one who had inadvertently guided Han Yi to encounter Azure Wind and the trapped sword through his Cloudwater Illusion-Dream Technique—had quietly departed from the Congyun Sea. Р

He arrived at the Tianling Prefecture.

The ceasefire was now a certainty, and many cultivators who had been conscripted to the frontlines had returned to their homelands.

The former battlefield had regained its calm, though the thick stench of blood lingered in the air, refusing to dissipate.

Looking into the distance, the land was scarred with deep cracks, crisscrossing everywhere.

The sky was an eerie mix of red and green, forming a surreal and unsettling sight.

Squads of azure-robed cultivators roamed the Tianling Prefecture, purifying the lingering resentment in the air and repairing the fractured earth.

Far off, faint, muffled rumblings could be heard.

From time to time, the distorted images of the heavens revealed some massive entity moving between the skies and earth.

"Damn it! The Five Elements Great Cave-Heaven belongs to our Tianling Prefecture! How could they just take it away like that?"

"Well, it’s better this way. Though it’s a fertile land, it’s no good omen. Too many cultivators have perished in this battle."

"Indeed, our Tianling Prefecture has suffered heavy losses this time. Many old friends can no longer be contacted."

...

On his journey, Li Fan overheard the cultivators around him discussing.

The origin of the Tianling Prefecture war and the existence of the Five Elements Great Cave-Heaven were no longer secrets.

The cultivators of the Tianling State had complex feelings about the immensely prosperous cave-heaven.

Thus, when the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance officially relocated it to the central lands, many cultivators gathered to watch the process.

Hidden among the crowd, Li Fan took only a brief glance before retreating and heading in the opposite direction—toward the original location of the Five Elements Great Cave-Heaven.

Within half a day, Li Fan arrived at his destination.

Amidst the mountains, where two peaks once met, now lay a vast, pitch-black abyss.

The once-scenic mountain range had turned eerie and terrifying.

With the cave-heaven gone, this place held no value for guardianship.

The heavily guarded area had been vacated, leaving only a few Golden Core cultivators for routine surveillance.

Clearly, these cultivators didn’t take their task seriously.

With the war over and the cave-heaven moved, who would bother coming here?

Thus, they were lax, gathered in idle chatter without much vigilance.

Taking advantage of this, Li Fan easily bypassed their defenses and slipped into the black void above.

Pausing before the pitch-black void, Li Fan observed quietly.

Unlike the utterly annihilated abyss he had once seen, this void still carried traces of strange energy.

Spiritual energy lingered faintly within.

"This isn’t a dead zone..."

Receiving no warnings from his spiritual intuition, Li Fan pondered briefly before stepping into the void.

In an instant, the light disappeared.

Li Fan found himself engulfed in darkness, as if he had become blind, with no sense of vision.

His divine sense extended like tendrils, probing the surroundings, yet returned nothing but emptiness.

Looking back, the scenery of the Tianling Prefecture had vanished.

It was as if he had plunged into an endless abyssal sea, utterly lost.

No matter how he moved in any direction, it felt as though he remained in the same spot.

This stark contrast between movement and stillness caused a faint dizziness.

For any other cultivator, such a situation would surely induce panic.

But to Li Fan, a void with only entrapment and no lethal danger was hardly a cause for concern.

With the [Truth] at his disposal, even the most perilous deadlands couldn’t confine him.

With a single thought, he could escape this predicament, so Li Fan felt no anxiety.

He calmed his mind and began to perceive the environment around him.

Although it appeared to be a void, the darkness seemed to conceal something.

At intervals, ripples of an inexplicable force would brush past his body.

But whenever he tried to trace the source of these ripples, the trail would abruptly vanish, as if it had all been an illusion.

Lost in the darkness for an unknown amount of time, nothing changed.

"The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance must have investigated this place after relocating the cave-heaven."

"If they didn’t uncover anything, it means the secrets here are deeply hidden."

Li Fan thought to himself, not the least bit impatient.

Time and opportunity were in his favor.

Setting aside all external affairs, Li Fan focused entirely on the surroundings.

Abandoning his attempts to track the ripples, he allowed himself to flow along with them instead.

Gradually, he felt his body begin to move within the void.

However, the reprieve was short-lived; before long, it felt as though he collided with an invisible wall, forcing him to stop.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 580


"Mm?"

Li Fan squinted his eyes, trying to discern the object obstructing his path in the pitch darkness.

What surprised him, however, was that neither his spiritual sense nor his physical touch revealed the presence of any obstacle ahead.

Li Fan frowned slightly.

This time, instead of aligning with the ripples that emerged in the spatial void, he deliberately bypassed their timing and directly sped forward.

Strangely, the “wall” he had perceived within the ripples earlier seemed to have vanished as though it had never existed.

Li Fan could clearly sense that his position within this void-like space had shifted.

Or rather, part of his positional attributes had altered, while another part remained unmoving.

It felt as though moving by his own momentum and following the ripples' flow were two entirely different planes of existence, each unaffected by the other.

This perplexing phenomenon was beyond Li Fan’s current understanding.For now, he set aside the question of what lay behind it. Clearing his mind, he waited for the ripples to reappear in the void.

When the ripples arrived, he aligned himself with them, knowingly hurtling toward the "obstacle" ahead.

"Boom!"

In an instant, Li Fan saw stars as he was forced out of alignment with the ripples.

After inspecting himself, he found that while his body remained unharmed, his soul seemed to have suffered a slight shock.

Pondering for a moment, Li Fan decided to abandon such reckless attempts for now.

He did not leave the area. Instead, he stood quietly in the void, focusing his mind to analyze each ripple as it arrived, hoping to discover why he was being obstructed while the ripples passed through unhindered.

When he concentrated in this absolute darkness and silence, the occasional ripple became particularly striking.

Li Fan meticulously recorded the timing of each ripple.

After patiently collecting data from tens of thousands of occurrences, he replicated the pattern in the Dao Deviation Stone within his Sea of Consciousness, attempting to uncover any hidden rules.

Effort rewarded diligence.

Li Fan discovered that roughly every thousand ripples, one distinctive ripple would appear, significantly stronger and faster than the others, spreading nearly twice as fast across the void.

Heart stirred, Li Fan calculated the intervals. When the anomaly reappeared, he steadied his spirit and aligned himself with it.

This time, his attempt produced results. It was no longer like colliding with a wall but instead felt like rubbing against an obstruction.

A sharp, knife-like pain surged from the depths of his soul. Enduring the agony, Li Fan gritted his teeth and persisted.

However, the deeper the ripple went, the more incompatible he became with his surroundings.

The knife-like sensation soon turned into a savage tearing, an unbearable pain that almost caused him to lose consciousness.

It was only his innate self-preservation instinct that pulled him out of alignment with the ripple.

“Phew…”

Li Fan gasped heavily, his body drenched in sweat from the pain.

Even after disengaging from the ripples, the sensation of his soul being torn lingered as though etched into his being.

It took the passing of two complete “thousand-ripple intervals” for the pain to gradually fade.

Once recovered, hesitation flickered across Li Fan’s face.

But when the next anomalous ripple arrived, he once again threw himself into it.

This time, he seemed to last slightly longer—or so he thought.

Without waiting for the pain to fully dissipate, Li Fan immersed his spirit into the ripple once more.

“Argh!”

Li Fan's face twisted in agony, his body convulsing under the torment of his soul’s suffering.

A flash of ferocity crossed his eyes, and the fleeting thoughts of giving up were immediately extinguished by the reverse cultivation method of the Xuanhuang Heart Refining Mantra.

“Just a little pain—do you think you can stop me?”

“Again!”

What followed was a relentless cycle of trials.

Li Fan endured unspeakable torment in his attempts to ride the anomalous ripple into the depths of the void.

The pain escalated each time, from tearing to a thousand needles piercing, then to the sensation of being crushed and ground repeatedly.

By the end, his mind became a blank slate.

Only the unwavering determination in his heart sustained him, preventing him from abandoning his efforts.

Throughout this ordeal, the Xuanhuang Heart Refining Mantra played a pivotal role.

Human nature tends to shy away from suffering. In such excruciating circumstances, thoughts of surrender—such as "Forget it," "Why bother?" or "This isn’t necessary"—naturally arose in Li Fan’s mind.

Normally, such thoughts could have shaken his resolve. However, under the grinding effect of the mantra’s reverse cultivation, they were transformed into nourishment for his soul.

Without this, even with his exceptional mental fortitude, Li Fan would have been unable to endure the pain.

But regardless of the difficulty, Li Fan ultimately succeeded.

He did not know how much time had passed, but when he finally regained consciousness, he found himself in a mysterious yet strangely familiar space.

In this realm, horizontal and vertical lines intersected, while particles of various colors zipped along the lines at great speed.

Occasionally, particles collided, bursting into radiant seven-colored lights before vanishing as quickly as they appeared.

"Where is this?"

Li Fan first examined his body.

Surprisingly, it appeared as though crudely sketched from intersecting lines—both comical and eerie.

Yet, it felt no different from his normal physical form.

Careful not to act rashly, Li Fan evaded the streaking particles as he observed the wondrous space.

“This seems somewhat similar to the Tianxuan Mirror Space I saw before.”

“However, the Tianxuan Mirror only displayed black and white, unlike this colorful realm.”

“Wait, I remember…”

Li Fan’s heart stirred as he replayed stored images in the Dao Deviation Stone, analyzing them closely.

In the final frame, he noted that the edges of the black-and-white world also contained traces of seven-colored light.

It seemed black and white, and seven colors were two opposing energies.

In the black-and-white world, the seven-colored light was fragmented and assimilated into its form.

“A Newborn Tianxuan Mirror…”

Li Fan squinted his eyes, lost in thought.

Before long, he arrived at a conjecture.

The black-and-white world undoubtedly represented the Tianxuan Mirror.

The seven-colored radiance, on the other hand, likely embodied a microcosm of the real world.

The intersecting lines resembled the laws of nature, as seen through the [Human Dao Stardust], representing the principles governing the real world.

“The Tianxuan Mirror is deciphering the real world in its own way…”

“And this…”

Li Fan's eyes lit up with understanding.

“…is a microcosm of the world in its primordial state.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 581


The term "world" might not fully capture the concept here.

A more fitting description would be a "micro-world" or "cave heaven," a lower-tier existence.

Undoubtedly, a newly formed Five Elements Great Cave Heaven was taking shape here.

"The Gate of the Mysterious Origin is the root of heaven and earth," Li Fan murmured to himself.

In the ancient texts of the Xuanhuang Realm, there were similar expressions.

Heaven and earth nurture all things.

But where do heaven and earth themselves originate?

Among cultivators, there is no shortage of those with a spirit of exploration.

Aside from the cultivators striving to reconnect with other cultivation realms outside the Xuanhuang Realm, some specifically study the birth of heaven and earth and the origins of living beings.

Li Fan had read some related books. These cultivators believed that heaven and earth are like humans—they grow and evolve over time.

The Xuanhuang Realm, in its infancy, might have been akin to a micro-cave heaven.

After countless epochs, it eventually developed into its current form.

Such micro-cave heavens could either have been created by powerful cultivators and ancient Immortals, or spontaneously emerged from the void.

As for the true vastness of the "space-time" they inhabited, cultivators remained largely unaware.

Yet, there was no doubt that the Xuanhuang Realm was but an insignificant speck within the infinite expanse of space-time.

Even if few cultivators cared about this reality, it did not change its essence.

In this boundless space-time, the embryonic origins of worlds are referred to by cultivators as the [Root of Heaven and Earth].

It is the source of worlds, the convergence of laws, and the primordial essence of creation.

Though theorized, no one had ever truly witnessed it.

Unexpectedly, through the accumulation of knowledge from multiple reincarnations and his own indomitable will, Li Fan had managed to arrive here.

Even if the primordial laws here were still too profound for his current comprehension, Li Fan could not suppress the awe that stirred his heart—a moment that evoked the sentiment: "To hear the Dao in the morning, one could die content by evening." Ṟ

The space was filled with colorful particles colliding, forming mesmerizing sights.

Crisscrossing threads permeated the space like a massive weaving machine, crafting the birth of a "world."

Li Fan remained enthralled by this magnificent sight for a long time before reluctantly pulling himself away.

While he gained no clear insights, his soul felt as though it had been bathed in warm water—profoundly refreshed and inexplicably elevated.

Amid his joy, Li Fan did not forget his purpose.

"Seize the essence of heaven and earth to form a Nascent Soul."

His eyes gleamed with determination.

For a brief moment, he considered taking the Root of Heaven and Earth and transforming it into his own Nascent Soul's Cave heaven.

Such an achievement, combined with his half-formed [Truth] Dao Foundation, would allow him to freely shape his personal domain of laws as he advanced.

He envisioned conjuring mythical constructs such as latent dragons, volcanoes, and divine eyes—all upon gathering the necessary information.

But alas...

"My foundation is too shallow. This isn't just a snake trying to swallow an elephant; it's an ant attempting to devour one," Li Fan muttered with self-mockery.

After observing a little longer, he dismissed his reckless notion.

An ant swallowing an elephant would only lead to its demise.

Perhaps, after reaching the Dao Integration Realm and gaining a deeper understanding of the principles of heaven and earth, he could return to attempt this feat.

For now...

It was more prudent to focus on the "Five Elements Great Cave Heaven" forming nearby.

Having spent some time here, Li Fan began noticing peculiarities.

The forced relocation of the original Five Elements Cave Heaven seemed to have triggered a reaction.

The Root of Heaven and Earth was weaving a new cave heaven in its place.

"In that case, all I need is patience."

"A newborn cave heaven is weak and easier to subdue."

"Moreover, I don't need to worry about its strength impacting my combat power after ascension. The Five Elements Cave Heaven, being unified and self-sustaining, will endlessly evolve."

Having formulated a plan, Li Fan exhaled in relief.

Ignoring the outside world, he immersed himself in observing the birth of the cave heaven.

Initially, he believed that the process would be as arduous as childbirth—a lengthy and challenging undertaking.

But clearly, applying human logic to the ways of heaven and earth would only lead to errors.

The Five Elements Great Cave Heaven was forming far faster than he anticipated.

The collisions of particles became increasingly frequent, akin to fireworks exploding before his eyes.

Gold, wood, water, fire, and earth...

Li Fan sensed the emergence of these five elemental energies within the space.

Yet, they remained contained, not dispersing chaotically.

Although his eyes could not perceive the cave heaven's actual formation, Li Fan could sense it indirectly through the energy shifts in the Root of Heaven and Earth.

As the cave heaven's embryonic form drew closer to completion, Li Fan grew increasingly excited.

But at this moment, he noticed his body's lines starting to unravel into the surroundings.

Li Fan speculated that the energy consumption from weaving the Five Elements Cave Heaven had caused the "Root of Heaven and Earth" to attempt replenishment by absorbing whatever it could.

As an intruder, he became the first target.

Should he seize the Five Elements Cave Heaven now and advance to the Nascent Soul Realm, or retreat and wait for it to fully form in the void of Tianling Prefecture before taking action?

Hesitation filled his mind.

But soon, Li Fan made his decision.

While there was a risk of disintegration here, at least there was no external interference.

In the void of Tianling Prefecture, patrolled by cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, the energy fluctuations of advancing from Golden Core to Nascent Soul would certainly not go unnoticed.

No matter how eloquent his explanations, it was unlikely he could deceive them.

"I'll give it a try."

"If I fail, I'll simply come back another time."

With that resolve, Li Fan stopped resisting, allowing the space to absorb his essence.

Like threads being pulled from a spool, his form visibly shrank.

Yet, without fear, he used this force to propel himself toward the location of the newborn cave heaven.

Above the Root of Heaven and Earth, five distinct orbs of light began to coalesce.

Energy nodes within the crisscrossing threads exploded one by one, stabilizing the five orbs further.

As Li Fan approached, with only half his body remaining, he arrived before the orbs of light.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 582


Perhaps it was due to the [Root of Heaven and Earth] fearing damage to the newly-formed Five Elements Cave Heaven.

When Li Fan approached the five clusters of light, the external suction force abruptly lessened.

This prevented him from completely disintegrating in a short amount of time.

At this moment, although Li Fan's body was reduced to half of its original size, he still retained all his limbs. However, his overall stature had shrunk, making him look like a seven- or eight-year-old child.

It was both comical and eerie.

Fortunately, this did not affect his ability to move.

He quietly gazed at the flickering five-colored clusters of light in the distance. Instead of hastily using a secret technique to devour them, he carefully observed.

The Root of Heaven and Earth was weaving energy and laws of the same attribute into the five elemental domains—metal, wood, water, fire, and earth—through flickering flashes below.

These newly-born, fragile elemental domains gradually became more complete and resilient.

"If this space were viewed as a womb nurturing life, then these Five Elements Cave Heaven would be like embryos just beginning to take form," Li Fan thought. Now existing in a line-based form, Li Fan’s perception of the surrounding laws was far sharper than when he was in human form.

Witnessing the initial formation of the Cave Heaven, insights flooded his mind.

In his previous life, when the “Five Elements Great Cave Heaven” that had been relocated out of the city was eventually annihilated due to the imbalance of the five elements, Li Fan was able to realize that the five elements of the Five Elements Great Cave Heaven were not in harmony with each other.

Li Fan had personally witnessed the terrifying, near-apocalyptic black-and-white vortex.

Now, seeing the birth of the Five Elements, he noticed an unexpected similarity between the two.

"Life and destruction..."

"Life is the beginning of destruction; destruction is the source of life," Li Fan murmured, seemingly enlightened.

"I used the principle of the Five Elements’ mutual generation—endlessly cycling—to create the 'Great Five Elements Annihilation Sword' based on the methods of Ink Kill and Heaven Calamity."

"But this principle of life and destruction..."

His thoughts raced to their peak.

Without any external aid, Li Fan appeared to enter a state of epiphany.

He stood motionless beside the clusters of five-colored light, as still as a statue.

Yet his body reacted instinctively.

When stray particles occasionally hurtled toward the Five Elements Cave Heaven and threatened to pierce through him, his body twisted bizarrely, evading the particles with ease.

After avoiding danger, his body instantly reverted to its original form.

Meanwhile, Li Fan remained immersed in contemplation, oblivious to his movements.

Time passed.

Gradually, the five-colored clusters of light revealed more intricate details.

Oceans, molten fire, forests...

Various postnatal creations of the Five Elements began to form within the Cave Heaven.

It was like an embryo maturing over ten months, transforming from an indistinct cluster into a fully developed infant.

Distinct scenes started evolving within the Cave Heaven.

The radiance enveloping the Cave Heaven's exterior began to retract inward, flowing back into its interior.

The light, akin to a perfect natural supplement, was absorbed, accelerating the transformation of the scenes within by hundreds or thousands of times.

A faint rumbling echoed.

The Cave Heaven itself began to "grow," expanding outward.

It expanded until it touched other Cave Heaven, halting its growth only then.

The internal force driving its growth, however, did not vanish.

Amidst the creaking and pressing sounds, the five Cave Heaven intertwined and merged into a natural formation, inseparable from one another.

The Five Elements Cave Heaven was on the verge of forming completely.

"Excellent!" At this moment, Li Fan finally awakened.

The pure line-based form of his face revealed no discernible expression of joy.

Yet clearly, he had gained much from this experience.

"This divine ability is not suitable for use here. I'll address it once I leave!"

"For now, I must focus on the task at hand!"

Li Fan reviewed the recorded imagery in his Dao Deviation Stone, which captured the moments he had missed during his epiphany, and nodded to himself.

"My guess was correct. The Five Elements Cave Heaven has not yet completely detached from the [Root of Heaven and Earth]."

"Just like a mother’s natural instinct to protect her offspring, any attempt to devour it would undoubtedly trigger a full-scale attack from the Root of Heaven and Earth."

"Even a Dao Integration cultivator would perish in this domain."

"My only chance is the fleeting moment when the Five Elements Cave Heaven separates from the mother body but has not yet descended into the void of the Tianling Prefecture!"

Li Fan understood this with clarity, free of any joy or sorrow, as he awaited that critical moment.

For other cultivators, missing such an opportunity would be a lifelong regret. Even with outstanding mental fortitude, they might still feel some anxiety.

But for Li Fan, endowed with the [Truth] ability, it was merely one of countless “ordinary” attempts.

Thus, his heart was undisturbed.

Like an exceptional hunter, he patiently and quietly awaited his prey.

It was unclear how much time passed.

The previously vivid Cave Heaven scenes gradually grew translucent.

In the [Root of Heaven and Earth], only the circular outlines of the five interconnected Cave Heaven remained, suspended in space.

Boom...

The Five Elements Cave Heaven began to tremble violently.

Even the internal space of the [Root of Heaven and Earth] shook incessantly.

It seemed as if the Five Elements Cave Heaven were trying to break free of its mother's constraints.

In Li Fan’s vision, the interwoven lines grew distorted.

"Ping!"

A sound like a snapping string echoed.

Li Fan noticed that a line seemed to break out of thin air around the Five Elements Cave Heaven.

Even though it disappeared in an instant, he was sure it wasn’t an illusion.

Indeed, the snapping sound repeated like a chain reaction.

Above the Five Elements Cave Heaven, countless broken lines swayed in the wind, dissolving into nothingness in moments.

The Cave Heaven’s trembling intensified.

"The time is now!"

At that moment, Li Fan's body completely disintegrated.

Twisting, wriggling lines shielded the Golden Core in his dantian as they sped toward the Five Elements Cave Heaven.

This seemed to alert the [Root of Heaven and Earth].

As Li Fan advanced, the dissolution rate of his fine lines accelerated.

Yet it couldn’t stop him from drawing closer.

When the Five Elements Cave Heaven finally broke free from the [Root of Heaven and Earth], Li Fan’s Golden Core began to crack.

It appeared on the verge of shattering but somehow held together.

From the cracks emerged writhing "tentacles," menacingly reaching for the Five Elements Cave Heaven like ravenous serpents.

These tentacles also represented the “Root of Heaven and Earth.”

Not the primordial creation root of this domain.

Rather, it is the “Root of Heaven and Earth” that the cultivators of the world have formed within their bodies according to the new method of the Immortal Ancestor.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 583


Was it a coincidence?

Or perhaps when the Dharma Transmitting Immortal Ancestor created the new cultivation method, they truly referenced and imitated the primordial creation of the world.

In any case, to solve the issue where cultivators without spiritual roots could not practice cultivation, a creation driven by human negative emotions was developed to forcibly extract the energy of heaven and earth. This creation was also named the "Root of Heaven and Earth."

Although they share the same name, the two are worlds apart.

If the [Original Root of Heaven and Earth], symbolizing the beginning of creation, was sacred and solemn...

Then the new "Root of Heaven and Earth," which plunders the heavens and allows everyone to cultivate, feels somewhat sinister.

This ominous nature could perhaps be inferred from its external form.

Countless wriggling tendrils, numbering in the hundreds or even thousands—these were the root filaments of the "Root of Heaven and Earth."

At this moment, the tendrils seemed almost sentient as they extended toward the Five Elements Cave Heaven, instinctively searching for the most suitable place to root and invade.

The newly formed Five Elements Cave Heaven seemed to sense the threat to its existence. The realm trembled, emitting vibrant lights in an attempt to repel the invasive "foreign objects."

But… it was futile.

The protective effects of the realm's light were negligible against the tendrils. Only a small fraction of them was destroyed—a loss so minor it was insignificant.

The remaining black tendrils advanced unhindered, infiltrating the cave heaven like countless needles, silently embedding themselves deep into it.

The Cave Heaven roared, emitting strange sounds akin to cries of agony.

But it could not stop the ever-growing tendrils, which wrapped around and engulfed the realm tighter and tighter.

The light faded, and darkness descended.

Watching the scene of the Cave Heaven being devoured, Li Fan—the orchestrator of it all—could not help but feel a chill in his heart.

“The Immortal Ancestor’s new method is indeed eerie,” he murmured to himself. “It doesn’t look like the righteous path at all.”

Still, Li Fan was not one to overthink.

No matter how ominous the new method seemed, it was the only cultivation path available to him.

Throwing aside his doubts, Li Fan focused on the Cave Heaven now enshrouded in writhing darkness.

Through the countless tendrils, which felt like extensions of his own body, Li Fan could vividly perceive the state of the celestial realm.

The cave heaven’s strength was being drained, its resistance growing weaker.

From the tendrils, an indescribable energy flowed—a life force several times more refined than the essence he had sensed during his cultivation of the Creation Furnace Technique.

This vigorous vitality, extracted from the Cave Heaven, continuously surged into Li Fan's body.

Even after absorbing just a fraction of this pure vitality, Li Fan felt an astonishing realization:

With such energy, even if he were dismembered and reduced to mere scraps of flesh, as long as some part of his body remained, he could regenerate an entirely new one.

“Rebirth from a single drop of blood... Immortality...”

This legendary divine ability, said to be accessible only to the most powerful ancient cultivators, was now being achieved through this cunning method.

“The Immortal Ancestor...” Li Fan sighed in awe.

Sensing the moment was right, Li Fan finally took action, advancing to the final step of forming his Nascent Soul.

His already partially dissolved body completely liquefied into black essence, which flowed through the tendrils and invaded the Five Elements Cave Heaven.

Li Fan felt his existence splitting into countless fragments, yet somehow remaining unified.

Each fragment had the same goal: to seize and take full control of the Cave Heaven.

It was an extraordinary sensation.

What had once been an elevated realm beyond the human body now felt like an equal lifeform. What had once been the intangible heavens now seemed like a tangible, conquerable entity.

As Li Fan's invasion deepened, the Cave Heaven's struggles weakened, until they faded altogether.

Tianling Prefecture, Beyond the Five Elements Void

“Huh? Did you hear something just now?”

A Golden Core cultivator on watch duty suddenly looked up, staring into the pitch-black void overhead.

“Old Sun, you must be imagining things again,” his lazy companion scoffed.

“I’ve told you before—take a leave and get some rest! After all these battles and so much death, it’s a miracle you’re not mad already. Yet you volunteered for watch duty here?”

Old Sun ignored the mockery, his gaze still fixed on the void, his expression grim.

After a moment of hesitation, he flew to the edge of the void to investigate further.

“Crazy old fool,” the other cultivator muttered under his breath, stretching lazily and watching Old Sun with amusement.

As expected, after searching for a long time, Old Sun found nothing unusual and reluctantly returned to the ground.

“Well? I told you it was just your imagination,” the companion jeered.

“This desolate place is a wasteland—who’d even bother attacking it? Honestly, I don’t know why we’re even stationed here. The higher-ups get to relax, while we suffer here in misery!”

Old Sun didn’t respond, his focus still on the void above, his brows furrowed.

Meanwhile, hidden in the sky, Li Fan observed Old Sun and felt a flicker of surprise.

“This Sun fellow’s spiritual sense is remarkably sharp. He almost noticed me.”

Although Li Fan could easily subdue them given his now superior cultivation, he didn’t want to stir trouble in the current sensitive climate. The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance remained on high alert after the recent war, and any disturbance could ignite fresh turmoil.

Choosing discretion, Li Fan memorized Old Sun’s appearance before preparing to leave.

However, as he began to depart, he overheard their conversation again.

“Hey, Old Sun, did you hear? Zhang Debiao’s struck it rich lately.”

“Isn’t he in charge of post-war clean-up operations?”

“Yeah, and guess what? All those corpses littering the battlefield in Tianling Prefecture? He’s pocketed all the loot for himself!”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 584


Old Sun furrowed his brow slightly and said, “It’s better not to spread baseless rumors.”

“No matter what, they were brave warriors who sacrificed their lives honorably for the Immortal Alliance. How could the higher-ups allow despicable individuals to defile their corpses?”

The lazy cultivator immediately showed some discontent. “How is it baseless? I saw it with my own eyes!”

“That Zhang Debiao kid, using his appointment from the Immortal Alliance, blatantly led a group to gather the corpses. Storage rings, usable magical treasures—weren’t they quietly taken away by them?”

“I even heard that residual golden cores and fragments of cave heaven within the corpses were dug out by these people!”

“You’ve been on the battlefield yourself. You know how brutal the battle in Tianling Prefecture was. Those bodies were almost all incomplete and disfigured. How else could they be collected? They were all burned to ashes, leaving only a bit of powder as proof. Who would notice?”

“As the saying goes, ‘If the people don’t speak up, the officials won’t act.’ Ordinary cultivators are mostly loners. If they die, they die. Who would really care…”

The lazy cultivator rambled on incessantly, with no regard for his words, while Old Sun’s face gradually turned somber.

Suddenly, the lazy cultivator felt a chill rise behind him. Seeing the expression on Old Sun’s face, he inexplicably shuddered and instinctively shut his mouth.

Only when Old Sun’s piercing gaze finally moved away from him did the lazy cultivator let out a sigh of relief, feeling as though a weight had been lifted from his chest.Having grown accustomed to Old Sun’s usual demeanor, he had almost forgotten the legendary stories surrounding this man.

Old Sun’s full name was Sun Qi.

Though he appeared to be an ordinary Golden Core stage cultivator like the others, with a humble and good-natured demeanor, Sun Qi was, in fact, a fearsome figure.

A native cultivator of Tianling Prefecture, Sun Qi had been conscripted at the beginning of the great war. For reasons unknown—whether sheer luck or something else—while countless Nascent Soul cultivators perished in the war, this seemingly insignificant Golden Core cultivator had managed to survive.

Someone who carved a bloody path through mountains of corpses and seas of blood naturally exuded an aura of dread. Though usually concealed, when provoked, his rage was enough to terrify anyone. The lazy cultivator, recognizing this, wisely decided not to provoke the old master further.

Meanwhile, Li Fan, who had been observing from above and in the shadows, noticed Sun Qi’s gaze sweep over his hiding spot. His interest in this man grew even stronger.

With a faint smile, Li Fan activated the 'Formless Killing Intent' and locked onto Sun Qi.

Watching Sun Qi’s expression shift from suspicion to alarm as he searched his surroundings but found nothing, Li Fan chuckled inwardly.

Leaving Sun Qi aside for now, Li Fan stealthily flew to a desolate mountain range, seemingly flattened by a heavenly force.

As was his habit, he dug deep underground and excavated a secret chamber.

Sealing the chamber, Li Fan sat down and began to inspect his current state.

Name: Li Fan

Cultivation Realm: Early Nascent Soul

Biological Age: 34/999 (Heaven’s Scorn)

Psychological Age: 1335/9999

Void Fusion Energy Progress: 200%

Anchor Energy Progress: 0%

Current Number of Anchors: 3

Available Anchors: 1

Bound Items:

- Thousand Mechanisms Jade Cosmos Golden Sutra

- Taiyan Boat

- Stop-Step Remnant Stele (Damage)

- Ten Thousand Essence Blood

- Dao Deviation Stone

Techniques:

- Xuanhuang Heart Refining Mantra

- Cloudwater Illusion-Dream Technique

- Body Transformation into Dao

- Mysterious True Spirit Transformation

- Melting Furnace of Ten Thousand Forms Technique

- Creation Furnace Technique

- Mountain Sitting Technique

Divine Abilities:

- Chaos

- Reverse Five Elements of Sword Creation and Destruction

- Cycle of Life and Death

- Formless Killing Intent

- Binding Insects

- Clouds Swarm Sword Slash

- Heaven Overturning Palm

...

"Phew!"

Li Fan gently exhaled a breath of turbid air.

He felt an immense, pure vitality surging throughout his body, nourishing his physical form. Spiritual energy flowed endlessly, boundless and infinite.

Within his dantian, where the Golden Core had once been, the faint outlines of five interconnected domains—cave heavens—could now be seen.

“So this is the Nascent Soul stage! Advancing in one leap feels like overturning the heavens and the earth!”

To test the difference from his previous Golden Core stage, Li Fan unleashed the most powerful divine ability he currently mastered.

Using his hand as a pen, he wrote in mid-air, simultaneously sensing the changes in his body.

He inscribed the upper left stroke of the character "Chaos" (亂), and still felt ample strength remaining.

An endless stream of spiritual energy and vitality surged from the cave heavens, supporting the immense consumption of the Chaos Glyph technique while keeping his body from collapsing.

Li Fan continued writing. In an instant, half of the character was complete.

Within the underground chamber, the surrounding soil was influenced, rising and trembling unceasingly. Countless particles moved like ranks of mortal soldiers.

Upon closer inspection, the vibration frequency of each grain was entirely unique.

What seemed orderly was, in truth, chaos in disguise.

Li Fan squinted slightly, but his hand, suspended mid-air, abruptly stopped.

"I understand now," he murmured.

“Having reached the Nascent Soul stage, I no longer need to fear damaging my body. At last, I can fully unleash this ultimate strike.”

“However, it still cannot be used recklessly in succession. Otherwise…”

Li Fan sensed the faint tremors within his five-element cave heavens, a solemn look flashing in his eyes.

“The power of the Chaos is truly terrifying.”

“As the caster, even I, possessing five-element cave heavens, face such backlash. For an ordinary Nascent Soul cultivator, even a slight contact could immediately cause their Nascent Soul cave heavens to collapse.”

“I wonder, though, if a Soul Transformation cultivator could withstand it.”

The Chaos Glyph technique was a realization Li Fan had comprehended within the enigmatic White Mist Domain.

It was profoundly mysterious. As his cultivation advanced, Li Fan increasingly sensed the extraordinary nature of the character "Chaos."

“Even my crude imitation holds such power. I can’t imagine how terrifying the true Chaos Glyph technique must be.”

“It seems to exceed the limits of power a regular cultivator can control. Could it be…”

Li Fan frowned, deep in thought.

After a moment, he set aside his musings, focusing his gaze on the “Reverse Five Elements of Sword Creation and Destruction” listed on his Returning True divine ability panel.

The “Reverse Five Elements of Sword Creation and Destruction” was a divine ability he had comprehended by observing the scene of the Roots of Heaven and Earth weaving the five-element cave heavens and combining it with his understanding of the convergence of the five elements from his previous life.

It incorporated the essence of the "Grand Five Elements Annihilation Sword," possessing not only overwhelming destructive power but also the ability to create life from nothingness.

Casually, Li Fan picked up a dying insect nearby, one that had been severely affected by the residual force of the Chaos Glyph technique.

A gentle, milky-white light emanated from his palm.

Moments later, bathed in the radiant light, the insect miraculously regained vitality. It flipped over, scrambled away from Li Fan's hand, and fled in haste.

Li Fan paid no attention to the lucky creature that had escaped death. Instead, he thoughtfully remarked, “Reviving the dying is merely a minor skill. Other medical techniques can easily achieve this.”

“The true brilliance of the Reverse Five Elements of Sword Creation and Destruction lies in its power to create.”

Taking a spirit stone from his storage ring, he held it in his left hand.

With his right hand, he emitted radiant light continuously.

After half a day, as the light dissipated, a spirit stone identical to the one in his left hand slowly appeared.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 585


Of course, the resemblance is merely in appearance.

On the surface of the spirit stone, the restrictions jointly inscribed by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association were something Li Fan could not replicate for the time being.

"At the moment, my creations are limited to simple objects like spirit stones, which are purely composed of spiritual energy."

"Anything with a slightly more complex structure is beyond my capability."

Even so, Li Fan was extremely delighted in his heart.

Because this signified a promising start.

In the future, as his cultivation level continued to rise and his skills became increasingly refined, it wouldn’t be impossible for him to create objects out of thin air.

Breaking through to the Nascent Soul Realm was a significant leap in power.

However, a pressing issue now confronted Li Fan and demanded his immediate attention.

He had no technique to practice.

The Mountain Sitting Technique he had secretly learned from He Zhenghao was merely a Golden Core Realm cultivation method.

After stepping into the Nascent Soul Realm, the feedback to his cultivation that once flowed like a gentle stream had nearly disappeared.

It was evident that the technique no longer provided him with any benefit.

Although he had accumulated substantial cultivation from previous efforts, which helped solidify his newly attained realm, he could not delay resolving this issue for too long. The sooner, the better.

Fortunately, Li Fan had already devised countermeasures.

The Three Strategies

1. The Middle Strategy Naturally, the middle option involved using the reward offered by Immortal Sage Jicheng to gain access to the Law Derivation Jade enabling him to deduce the subsequent parts of the Mountain Sitting Technique.

In his previous life, Immortal Sage Jicheng had been ambushed by the Five Elders Association's Dao Integration cultivators during the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s plan to uncover hidden spies using the "The Plan of the Heavenly Sovereign of Reality and Illusion." This betrayal ultimately led to the sage’s demise.

In this lifetime, Li Fan couldn’t guarantee the same events would unfold.

2. The Lower Strategy

The 'Audience Law Jade Plaque', though exceedingly rare and typically awarded only to cultivators who rendered great service to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, wasn’t a unique or priceless treasure.

Given Li Fan’s current resources, he could potentially acquire one by spending a significant amount of contribution points.

However, doing so would be conspicuous and might expose his identity, attracting the attention of interested parties. He feared that once he obtained the technique, he might have to "escape for real" by using [Truth]

Thus, this was only a last resort.

3. The Upper Strategy

This entirely depended on opportunity.

That is, Li Fan comprehending it on his own.

After several lifetimes practicing the Mountain Sitting Technique, Li Fan considered himself second to none in understanding this technique. His cultivation process had provided fleeting moments of insight that he had carefully accumulated over time.

With his profound foundation, devoting some time might allow him to deduce the subsequent portions of the Mountain Sitting Technique independently.

Ultimately, the Law Derivation Jade could deduce techniques because of its ability to explore infinite possibilities. While it could analyze and create techniques with unmatched depth and insight, it could not fully comprehend Li Fan himself.

Furthermore, Li Fan would never expose all his secrets to a mystical artifact that still seemed bound by the restraints of the Immortal Ancestor and had to work tirelessly to maintain its own survival.

"Everything depends on how things unfold next."

"During this process, I might even steer events a bit further. The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is searching for an internal spy. Why not take advantage of this opportunity…"

Li Fan narrowed his eyes, calculating in his heart.

After a long time, he finally stood up.

Having broken through to a new realm, he had examined the changes in his body for now.

As for the doubling of his biological and psychological age limits displayed on the "[Truth] Panel," such details no longer mattered to Li Fan. To him, it was a triviality.

As long as his cultivation continues to progress, these things will naturally grow alongside it, so Li Fan doesn’t need to worry about them.

Perhaps only when he faces the chasm between the Dao Integration and Longevity Immortal realms in the future will he turn his attention to them again.

Compared to the numerical limit on lifespan, Li Fan found the two words marked afterward—"Heaven's Scorn"—to be more intriguing.

After some reflection, and according to the explanation of [Truth], Li Fan learned that although the theoretical maximum biological lifespan was 999 years, due to the hatred of this world's will, the actual lifespan that cultivators could achieve was far less than this figure.

This matched the current state of cultivators in the Xuanhuang Realm, as far as Li Fan knew.

However, he wasn’t worried about this matter.

Given his storm-stirring style of behavior, no matter the lifetime, it was unlikely that he would live to the average lifespan of a cultivator.

His true lifespan was, in essence, his psychological age.

Therefore, for Li Fan, making the most efficient use of each lifetime’s time was the most appropriate approach.

"Heaven's Scorn..."

Li Fan sneered internally.

Without thinking further, he slightly opened his mouth.

He transferred all the items from his storage ring into his own Cave Heaven, leaving only some ordinary objects in the ring to avoid suspicion. Then, he quietly left the underground chamber.

Instead of hurrying back to Congyun, he lingered in Tianling Prefecture to investigate the Zhang Debiao he had heard about earlier.

That’s right—Li Fan had his sights set on the remains of fallen cultivators on the Tianling Prefecture battlefield.

It wasn’t due to any particular eccentricity but to unlock new [Truth] Anchors points.

Previously, Li Fan had used fragments of a Golden Core to charge the last anchor point.

However, despite all his efforts afterward, [Truth] seemed to disdain the quality of the Golden Core fragments purchased from the Tianxuan Mirror, showing no reaction to them.

Li Fan speculated that the next anchor point might require a complete Golden Core to unlock.

But where would one find a Golden Core cultivator willing to sell their own core?

Neither the Tianxuan Mirror Mirror nor the civilian markets had such items for sale.

As a result, Li Fan had never had the opportunity to unlock a new anchor point.

But now, perhaps, the opportunity had come.

The war in Tianling Prefecture had claimed countless cultivators.

Even though they were not the main forces in the battle, the number of fallen Golden Core cultivators was undoubtedly significant.

Golden Core cultivators, unlike Nascent Soul cultivators, did not possess a Cave Heaven Dharma Domain to support them or reconstruct their bodies.

If vital areas such as the head or heart were suddenly injured and they failed to react in time to sustain themselves with spiritual energy or receive timely treatment, they would die.

Thus, it was quite likely that some of those corpses contained intact Golden Cores.

This Zhang Debiao profited from the dead, and one could tell just by hearing his name that he was a greedy, unscrupulous individual.

It shouldn’t be difficult to purchase some Golden Cores from him.

Li Fan calculated his plans with precision, but he encountered difficulties right from the first step.

After searching all over Tianling Prefecture, he couldn’t find Zhang Debiao’s whereabouts.

It was said that he had been in Tianling City just a few days ago, but recently, no one had seen him.

According to rumors, Zhang Debiao had previously boasted to his confidants that he had taken on a huge deal.

It was unclear if he had gone off to complete this big transaction.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 586


“Cultivators’ entire beings are treasures. It's not strange for someone to have the same idea about me as I do about others.”

“After all, compared to the effort of grasping the laws of the heavens, directly seizing a ready-made Golden Core is much quicker.”

“But if it’s something that can be called a major business…”

A flicker of doubt passed through Li Fan’s mind. “Buying large quantities of cultivators’ corpses—what are they planning to do?”

Li Fan didn’t intend to delve too deeply into the other party’s motives.

However, their secretive actions, coupled with Zhang Debiao’s prolonged absence, hinted that something ominous might have already occurred.

Even though it’s challenging to silently kill a cultivator in the Xuanhuang Realm due to the phenomena accompanying their death, making someone vanish without a trace is an entirely different matter—there are countless ways to achieve it.

Take Zhou Qingang, for example. He’s still lying at the bottom of the Congyun Sea, a prime example.

As Li Fan hesitated, contemplating whether to spend some contribution points to have someone investigate Zhang Debiao further, an unfamiliar cultivator unexpectedly arrived at his door.

Since Li Fan had been operating under a completely new identity, using the alias "Yu Ji" during his recent activities in Tianling Prefecture, he immediately realized that the visitor’s purpose must be related to Zhang Debiao’s disappearance.“Interesting. Let’s see what they want.”

In the courtyard of the Discussing-Dao Tower, Li Fan met the visitor.

It was a gray-robed cultivator.

Short, frail, and hunched, the figure’s face was etched with deep wrinkles, and he hobbled as though a gust of wind could knock him down.

As the stranger approached, Li Fan faintly detected a putrid, rancid odor emanating from him.

“Heh, heh, heh...”

“Fellow Daoist Yu, I heard you’re looking for Zhang Debiao? Could it be that he has something you need?”

The gray-robed cultivator wasted no time, speaking in an eerie, raspy voice.

Li Fan squinted his eyes, scrutinizing the visitor.

Though the person seemed to possess only Golden Core-level cultivation, Li Fan was almost certain it was merely an illusion.

The faint yet persistent sense of danger emanating from the stranger reminded Li Fan that this gray-robed cultivator was anything but simple.

“How should I address you, Fellow Daoist?” Li Fan asked politely, bowing slightly without directly answering the question.

“Daoist Xiumu,” the gray-robed cultivator replied succinctly.

Li Fan scanned his memory and found no record of such a person.

After a moment’s pause, he lowered his voice and nodded. “Indeed. I need some Golden Cores from cultivators. The more intact, the better. The higher the level of law they contain, the better.”

“Price is not an issue,” Li Fan added, emphasizing his sincerity.

A glimmer of light flashed in Daoist Xiumu’s eyes as he reached out, producing a Golden Core that shimmered with alternating blue and red hues.

“Fellow Daoist Yu, what do you think of this one?”

Li Fan’s heart stirred. He accepted the Golden Core and examined it closely.

It appeared freshly harvested from a cultivator, with faint traces of bloodstains still visible.

Sensing it with his cultivation, Li Fan discovered that the core contained insights related to wood and fire laws.

Using his [Truth] ability, the hint that it can be absorbed came through.

“What’s the price?” Li Fan asked.

“30,000 contribution points,” Daoist Xiumu said with a low voice.

Perhaps fearing that Li Fan might consider it too expensive, he quickly added, “I also have single-law Golden Cores available, which are cheaper—only 15,000 contribution points each. Of course, if you need a larger quantity, the price is negotiable.”

“Oh, and payment must be in equivalent spirit stones. I don’t accept direct transfers of contribution points,” he added as Li Fan hesitated.

Li Fan wasn’t concerned about the price but found Daoist Xiumu's sudden appearance suspicious.

Moreover, the blatant sale of Golden Cores—something so taboo—was presented as casually as if it were common merchandise.

Even more concerning, Li Fan was using an entirely fabricated identity.

Daoist Xiumu knew nothing of his background, yet acted so brazenly.

Was he truly not afraid of Li Fan being a member of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, secretly investigating and enforcing the law?

“28,000 works too,” Daoist Xiumu offered, lowering the price when Li Fan remained silent.

Feigning hesitation, Li Fan finally nodded. “Deal.”

Pretending to store it in his ring, he secretly absorbed it using [Truth] Absorption instead.

The [Truth] Absorption panel showed a progress increase of 0.5% for unlocking an anchor point.

“At this rate, I’ll need a total of 200 complete Golden Cores, assuming they’re dual-law cores like this one. If they’re single-law cores, the number will be even higher.”

“Conventional methods won’t suffice to collect so many.”

“Unless I embrace evil and become a demon, slaughtering Golden Core cultivators indiscriminately...”

This thought crossed Li Fan’s mind momentarily before he dismissed it.

“Fellow Daoist Xiumu,” Li Fan coughed lightly, not requesting another transaction but instead voicing his doubts.

To his surprise, Daoist Xiumu responded nonchalantly, “Rest assured, our Golden Cores are nothing like the subpar ones Zhang Debiao scavenges. The origins of ours are safe and reliable—absolutely no concerns.”

“Even if the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance investigates, there won’t be any problems. You can use them without worry!”

He patted his chest confidently, with such force that Li Fan almost thought he might collapse from the effort.

“Impossible.”

The answer was far beyond Li Fan’s expectations, and he couldn’t hide his disbelief.

“This Golden Core clearly looks freshly extracted from a cultivator! Such an inhumane act wouldn’t just alarm the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance—even the Five Elders Association wouldn’t let it slide!”

“If it weren’t for my urgent need, I wouldn’t engage in such a conscience-betraying act!” Li Fan declared righteously.

Daoist Xiumu sneered, not bothering to refute Li Fan’s theatrics, but suddenly asked, “What if the cultivators volunteered for this?”

“Volunteer?!”

Li Fan froze.

“That’s impossible!”

Shocked by the suggestion, he stared at Daoist Xiumu with wide eyes.

“Where there’s demand, there’s a market.”

“For as long as the Xuanhuang Realm’s order has been reestablished, our line of work has never been anything new,” Daoist Xiumu explained, shaking his head.

“Scavenging Golden Cores from corpses, like what Zhang Debiao does, is far too inefficient.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 587


"Not to mention where we could even find so many fallen Golden Core cultivators' corpses."

"After a cultivator dies, their Dao/Law returns to the heavens. While the Golden Core is a condensation of a cultivator's understanding of the laws of heaven and earth, it still relies on the treasures of heaven and earth as its foundation."

"Once the Dao returns to the heavens, the treasures lose their essence, and the methods condensed within the Golden Core lose their foundation. Not only does the quality of the Golden Core deteriorate significantly, but over time, it risks disintegrating and cannot be preserved for long."

It seemed that this topic fell squarely within his area of expertise, as Daoist Xiumu spoke with great confidence.

A rare light appeared on his weathered face, and the tight wrinkles around his features unconsciously relaxed.

"But all of these problems and troubles can be easily solved as long as the cultivator consents."

"If a cultivator extracts their Golden Core while still alive, it does not trigger the mechanisms of heaven's malice. With the treasures of heaven and earth at the core, the Golden Core can be preserved indefinitely."

"Though the cultivator would lose their cultivation and become no different from a mortal, it’s just the Golden Core stage—rebuilding their cultivation isn’t too difficult!"

"If resources are sufficient, it would take no more than ten years to form a new Golden Core."

"Well, while the production cycle is still a bit long, given our current number of cultivators, we could easily achieve a harvest of several hundred Golden Cores annually."The Daoist Xiumu spoke these eerie words with an unsettling calmness.

"Stable, long-term, and harmless. Can that brat Zhang Debiao, who stumbled upon luck, even compare to this?"

"He can't!"

"So, my friend, if you have a need, you must prioritize working with us!"

Daoist Xiumu looked at Li Fan, his eyes gleaming with fervor.

Li Fan, however, was clearly unconvinced by such a simple pitch and shook his head repeatedly. "Don't try to deceive me, my friend. What cultivator would willingly allow their Golden Core to be extracted every decade or so? Just thinking about it is terrifying…"

"Misunderstanding, misunderstanding!" The Daoist Xiumu quickly interrupted Li Fan.

"We now have techniques to extract Golden Cores painlessly and harmlessly. Not only do cultivators not feel any pain, but they even experience a unique pleasure. In fact, I know of someone who, in pursuit of the thrill of having their Golden Core extracted, immediately resumed cultivation each time after losing their core."

"That person has now become our most efficient cultivator, producing a dual-method Golden Core every three to four years!"

Daoist Xiumu spoke with such enthusiasm that he seemed completely oblivious to the absurdity of his words.

Even someone as detached as Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a chill watching the Daoist Xiumu.

"So, all of your concerns are entirely unnecessary."

"We have been examined and certified by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. Think about it—we have to supply the alliance with a certain number of materials every year. If there were any quality issues, wouldn’t the alliance be the first to hold us accountable? Rest assured, my friend!"

Li Fan narrowed his eyes. "The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance knows about what you do? Why haven’t I heard of it before?"

The Daoist Xiumu mumbled in a low voice, "Our ideas are simply too advanced. The alliance believes that if made public, it would surely lead to misunderstanding among the masses."

"That’s why it remains undisclosed."

"After all, ordinary people can’t comprehend it. But someone like you, my friend, surely can understand, right?"

Daoist Xiumu looked at Li Fan with eager anticipation.

"Understanding is one thing, but it’s still hard to fully accept right away," Li Fan said ambiguously.

Daoist Xiumu seemed delighted to have found a kindred spirit, clapping his hands in praise. "I knew it! I didn’t misjudge you—you’re a person of great wisdom!"

He suddenly stood up, pacing excitedly as he muttered, "The sorrow of harming one’s kind is but natural law. It’s normal for you, my friend, to take time to adjust your perspective!"

"But I believe that once you see it with your own eyes, you’ll quickly come around!"

"What do you think? Would you like to visit and see for yourself?"

Li Fan was about to refuse outright but was suddenly overcome by an inexplicable impulse.

Looking at the frail and aged cultivator before him and imagining the countless Golden Cores that might be waiting for him there, Li Fan, who needed intact Golden Cores to unlock anchor points, inexplicably changed his mind.

"Fine! There’s no harm in taking a look."

The moment the words left his mouth, Li Fan felt a jolt of shock.

He suddenly realized that this gray-robed cultivator before him was far more dangerous than he had initially imagined!

Wanting only to purchase some Golden Cores, Li Fan hadn’t anticipated stumbling into such a troubling situation.

His luck was truly awful.

Cursing inwardly, Li Fan reconsidered but ultimately convinced himself to proceed.

"Daoist Xiumu, how do I refer to your place, and how do I get there?" Li Fan asked with feigned interest.

Daoist Xiumu slapped his forehead in mock annoyance. "Oh, I almost forgot to introduce it."

"Our place is called… Withering Human Life."

Li Fan felt an eerie chill as the Daoist’s tone and expression became momentarily sinister before returning to his usual enthusiasm.

"As for how to get there…"

"Just hold onto me!"

Li Fan obediently grabbed the Daoist Xiumu’s sleeve.

"Hold on tight!"

The Daoist shouted and began chanting: "The heavens hold the Withering Tree, life ebbs and flows under its shadow…"

Thick gray mist rolled in, enveloping them in an instant. Twisted shadows and eerie sounds blurred their surroundings.

Despite the ominous setting, Li Fan felt no sense of danger. Instead, he was overwhelmed by a strange sense of belonging, as though he was meant to be there.

When the gray fog cleared, their destination revealed itself.

"Here we are, my friend!" Daoist Xiumu announced cheerfully.

Li Fan looked up to see an enormous tree, withered and spotted, stretching toward the heavens. Its branches were covered with countless cultivators hanging like fruits.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 588


A gentle breeze swept through the air, carrying a faint yet unmistakable stench of decay.

The rustling of dry leaves broke the silence, as a few fluttered down from the treetops, only to vanish into nothingness before touching the ground.

Li Fan distinctly saw something on the surface of the leaves—a fleeting glimpse of twisted, agonized faces.

Under normal circumstances, anyone witnessing such a bizarre scene would inevitably feel a chill of terror.

Yet, at this moment, in Li Fan's eyes, this place known as “Withering Human Life” was nothing short of enchanting.

Taking a deep breath, the putrid air filled his lungs, and he found it oddly sweet.

Greedily, he inhaled a few more times.

He carefully observed the cultivators hanging from the trees and noticed their lifeless black eyes devoid of pupils, paired with eerie smiles on their faces.

Their hair had fused with the branches, serving as ropes to suspend their bodies.

Some of the cultivators still had intact clothing.Others seemed to have been hanging there for years, their clothes corroded and tattered.

Rotten branches wound around their bodies, covering exposed flesh while deeply piercing their muscles and sinews.

“Marvelous! Truly marvelous!”

Without needing the Daoist Xiumu to explain, Li Fan immediately understood the mechanisms of this place the moment he stepped into Withering Human Life.

Facing this ghastly scene, not only did Li Fan feel no fear or vigilance, but he clapped his hands in admiration.

His tone carried a hint of envy, as if he believed that all cultivators should naturally be hung upon such branches.

Moreover, to have the dead tree pierce their flesh seemed to him an unimaginable honor.

“How is it, Fellow Daoist Yu? Was my description exaggerated?” The Daoist Xiumu, appearing more frail than ever, coughed violently for a long time before catching his breath to ask.

“Indeed, your words ring true!” Li Fan nodded in agreement.

“This creation is truly extraordinary! What is the name of this tree?” Staring intently at the withered giant tree, his eyes glowed with obsession.

“It was once called ‘Ruomu,’ but now…” Daoist Xiumu also raised his head, his expression unreadable.

[TL Note: Ruomu means 'a young tree' or 'sapling']

“It is known as ‘The Eternal Wall of the River of Life.’”

Though the name was difficult to pronounce, the moment the Daoist Xiumu uttered it, Li Fan immediately understood its meaning.

“It has existed since time immemorial and will continue to exist eternally, standing tall above the River of Life, like a wall that holds up the heavens.”

“Still, I prefer its original name,” Li Fan said, shaking his head.

The Daoist Xiumu let out a low chuckle, unfazed. “A name is but a label. As time flows and generations of living beings rise and fall, their terms for it change as well.”

“But none of that affects its existence.”

For some reason, a shadow seemed to flicker through the Daoist Xiumu's eyes as he said this.

Li Fan, however, agreed and replied, “That may be true, but the present is no longer what it once was.”

Every moment spent here brought countless visions into Li Fan’s mind.

Naturally, he came to know much about the tree and its history.

With a wistful look, he recited softly:

“When heaven and earth birthed life, Ruomu claimed their years. It drew their essence to bear the Fruit of Longevity, granting eternal life to those who consumed it.”

Daoist Xiumu’s cloudy eyes seemed to brighten as he heard Li Fan’s words, turning slightly with a glimmer of light.

After a long silence, the two resumed their conversation.

“Fellow Daoist Yu, you truly possess great wisdom!” the Daoist Xiumu sighed.

“Of the countless cultivators who have come here to witness this, few have adapted as quickly as you.”

Li Fan’s eyes narrowed slightly, and he said in a low voice, “It is not that I am wise but that others are ignorant.”

“How are these cultivators fundamentally different from any other living creature?”

“Trees bear fruit, flowers yield nectar. Beasts give birth to offspring, birds lay eggs.”

“Humans consume these as sustenance, deeming it ordinary. Why, then, should they find it unacceptable when they themselves are consumed?”

“Do they truly believe themselves to be the spirit of the heavens, the masters of all creation?”

Li Fan sneered.

Daoist Xiumu was momentarily taken aback, as Li Fan had preemptively voiced his own argument, leaving him momentarily speechless.

“In my view, it is nothing more than the law of the jungle,” Li Fan continued, shaking his head.

“To devour now is satisfying. Should the day come when one is devoured, there should be no complaints. The way of heaven is fair, and karma spares no one!”

Li Fan swayed slightly, deeply immersed in his own thoughts.

Daoist Xiumu stared at Li Fan for a while before suddenly understanding.

“Ah, so your mindset hasn’t changed—you’ve always thought this way.”

“What a pity, what a pity!”

Daoist Xiumu shook his head slightly.

Li Fan, however, appeared indifferent, as though he hadn’t heard the old man’s words.

He continued gazing at the withered Ruomu, as if something within it deeply captivated him.

“To think that such an anomaly would arise among cultivators…” Daoist Xiumu furrowed his brows, seemingly deep in thought.

“Cough, cough…”

He suddenly burst into a violent coughing fit, green blood faintly seeping from the corners of his mouth.

Above him, the Ruomu trembled without wind, shedding countless withered leaves.

“Good riddance, good riddance!”

Daoist Xiumu’s face twisted with a momentary ferocity as he laughed wildly.

“So the heavens are fair, and even the wicked have their comeuppance!”

“This child is useless to me here. It’s better to send him back to sow chaos!”

“Karma—everything is karma!”

…

After his outburst, Daoist Xiumu gradually regained his composure, returning to the demeanor he had when first meeting Li Fan.

“Fellow Daoist Yu, now that you’ve seen it for yourself, I trust you’re satisfied with the quality of our… products?”

“Shall we proceed with our prior agreement?” he asked with a sinister grin.

“Agreement?” Li Fan turned, momentarily dazed.

“Oh, that matter! No rush!” he replied, waving it off as if it were trivial.

“Ha-ha-ha…”

Daoist Xiumu let out his unsettling laughter once more. “This place is fascinating, but it’s not where you belong.”

“I believe the outside world, the Xuanhuang Realm, suits you far better.”

Li Fan was about to protest, but Daoist Xiumu grabbed his shoulder.

Billowing gray mist rose from the ground, quickly enveloping him.

“Why are you so eager to send me away, Daoist?” Li Fan asked anxiously.

Daoist Xiumu sneered but did not answer.

“You wanted a Golden Core, right? Well, since I’m feeling generous, I’ll gift you some for free this time!”

As the gray mist obscured his vision, Li Fan vaguely heard the Daoist Xiumu’s voice.

His sight blurred, and he stumbled, finding himself back in the guest courtyard of the Discussing-Dao Tower in Tianling Prefecture.

Daoist Xiumu, “The Eternal Wall of the River of Life,” and the countless cultivators hanging from its branches had vanished as if they were never there.

It all felt like a hallucination.

But the withered branch lying quietly on the table served as undeniable proof.

No longer under the tree’s influence, Li Fan’s thoughts returned to normal.

Recalling his recent experience, he felt as though he had plunged into an icy abyss.

Yet, fearing that the Daoist Xiumu might still be watching, he suppressed his terror and feigned calm.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 589


This was already Li Fan's sixth cup of spiritual tea.

The tea was named "Spring Sun Warmth", priced at 800 contribution points per cup.

It was said that the tea tree needed to be cultivated in a cave environment with year-round dry weather, grown facing the sun. It only sprouted once every three years, making it extremely rare.

After drinking it, a warm current would rise within one's body, creating a sensation akin to basking in sunlight. The effects lasted for several days.

Yet, even this widely acclaimed tea failed to dispel the cold fear lingering in Li Fan's heart.

This was the third time Li Fan, since entering the cycle of reincarnation in the Xuanhuang Realm, had directly faced a true powerhouse in his original form.

The first time was when his clone was seen through by the Heavenly Doctor, who followed the connection to invade Li Fan’s private space in the Tianxuan Mirror.

The second time was during his secluded cultivation in Tianyu Prefecture, comprehending the "Great Five Elements Annihilation Sword." The Old Fisherman, drawn by the aura of heavenly calamity within it, had unexpectedly appeared.

This third encounter, however, was even more startling and caught him completely off guard.

And it was far more perilous.At least the Old Fisherman, though mad and incoherent, bore no malice toward Li Fan. On the contrary, he had even given him a fortunate opportunity.

The encounter with the Heavenly Doctor was Li Fan’s own doing, as he had taken on a mission offering a reward of 100,000 contribution points and willingly sought out the trouble. Though he hadn’t yet learned the importance of concealing his thoughts before a powerhouse, leading to his intentions being discovered, his true consciousness was clear at the time. Plus, with the [Truth] Shield protecting him, the danger had been more bark than bite.

But this time...

Daoist Xiumu appeared suddenly and without warning, catching Li Fan entirely unprepared.

Their methods were terrifying, and even now, recalling the experience, Li Fan felt a chill of dread.

“Unlike the Heavenly Doctor’s method of seeing through human hearts, the Daoist Xiumu—or rather, ‘Ruomu’—can directly distort and alter a cultivator's thoughts and perceptions.”

“And the cultivator themselves remains oblivious to any abnormalities…”

“No wonder the Daoist Xiumu previously claimed that the cultivators who had their golden cores taken were all ‘willing.’”

Recalling his thoughts and reactions at the time, Li Fan felt another wave of coldness rising in his heart.

He downed another cup of "Spring Sun Warmth" to calm his nerves.

“Natural selection—this is simply the way of nature.”

“But after following him and witnessing the place called ‘Withering Human Life,’ not only did I not sense danger or sorrow, I actually found it entirely reasonable.”

“I even felt a desire to replace them myself…”

Li Fan squinted his eyes, replaying the scenes before Ruomu in his mind through the Dao Deviation Stone.

The influence of Ruomu had dissipated by now.

Though Li Fan had always regarded all living beings as tools, seeing cultivators suspended like fruit from branches still instinctively filled him with unease.

This was the natural reaction he should have had.

“Under the Daoist Xiumu’s influence, my concepts were twisted and seemingly guided toward extremes.”

“One could say I became somewhat deranged.”

Li Fan didn’t deny that, deep within, he might indeed harbor a faint shadow of such thoughts.

But humans are complex spiritual aggregates, often harboring contradictory beliefs.

A fleeting thought cannot, of course, define one’s fundamental worldview.

“This Daoist Xiumu is highly abnormal.”

“They seem to harbor a profound hatred for cultivators.”

Naturally, Li Fan didn’t believe someone with Ruomu's level of cultivation would sell golden cores merely for contribution points.

Abducting cultivators to join the ‘Withering Human Life’ production line might also be secondary.

The primary purpose, it seemed, was likely to propagate the idea that “cultivators can also be like fruit.”

Such heretical views would undoubtedly be rejected by the cultivator community. The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was likely monitoring and suppressing such ideologies, which was why the Daoist Xiumu couldn’t act openly.

“Revenge, perhaps…” Li Fan’s eyes flickered with thought.

The heavens give rise to all living things, yet Ruomu steals their longevity. It draws life to create longevity fruits, which, when consumed, grant eternal life.

During the period when Ruomu controlled his thoughts, countless scenes had flashed through Li Fan's mind.

He saw a towering, vibrant tree utterly unlike the current withered one.

It stretched up to the heavens, verdant and brimming with life.

No cultivators hung from its branches.

At its crown, there were merely a few translucent, purple-and-gold fruits of extraordinary quality.

The fruit’s surface bore faint patterns—trees, mountains, exotic beasts.

The markings on each purple-and-gold fruit were unique, with no duplicates.

In those flashes of vision, Li Fan also saw that, at first, only ordinary humans stumbled upon the tree. They had no cultivation and dressed as common mortals.

Only a select few lucky individuals managed to climb the tree’s branches and successfully pluck the purple-and-gold fruits.

Later, however, humans came more frequently and grew stronger.

Some climbed the giant tree as though walking on flat ground.

Naturally, more fruits were taken.

As a result, Ruomu, once indifferent to outside intrusions, began to change.

It birthed various mystical creatures on its branches as a defensive system to repel intruders seeking its fruit.

This worked for a while.

But the peace didn’t last.

When humans returned, their strength had undergone an earth-shattering transformation.

They came in groups, clad in peculiar garments, capable of flight and manipulating the energy of the heavens to battle.

The creatures Ruomu had spawned were no match for them.

Humans seized control of Ruomu and claimed it as their own.

They stationed guards and periodically harvested its fruits.

…

“Xuantian Sect?”

The attire of the humans in those visions was distinctive and unmistakable.

It bore a striking resemblance to the robes Li Fan had seen on the remains of a Xuantian Sect Dharma King in Senior Sister Zhao’s illusion.

The Xuantian Sect ruled over this place for a long time.

When the scene shifted again, the people now appearing at Ruomu were cultivators from the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

“Longevity Fruit, perhaps?”

Li Fan glanced at the withered tree fragment on the table, his mind racing.

After a long moment of reflection, his thoughts returned to the memory.

During the Ten Great Immortal Sects’ occupation of Ruomu, the yield of purple-and-gold fruits inexplicably began to decline.

The cultivators who came to harvest the fruits also seemed to come from different sects each time.

What followed remained unclear…

One day, dozens of cultivators with powerful auras stormed into the scene.

After easily slaying the guards, they did not immediately plunder the purple-and-gold fruits.

Instead, they stared at Ruomu, arguing over something.

Their dispute grew heated but eventually reached a resolution.

The subsequent scene made Li Fan’s pupils contract sharply.

They set up an enormous formation, sealing Ruomu within.

Black chains, like long needles, pierced into the tree at various points.

Soon, an unending stream of life energy was drawn out and gathered into a green ball of light in the air.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 590


The once lush, vibrant trees began to visibly age as specks of green light continuously dissipated.

During this time, the ‘Ruomu’ made several attempts to fight back. The tree trembled, manifesting countless mystical creatures that fearlessly charged at the cultivators. Even the Ruomu itself lashed out with its branches like swords.

However, the cultivators who had come to this place were terrifyingly powerful. All resistance was futile and was immediately suppressed. Even the Ruomu’s desperate final strike—causing the purple-gold fruits at its peak to wither—was salvaged by this group.

Left powerless, Ruomu could only watch as its life essence was wantonly extracted. Its leaves gradually turned yellow and fell like rain. Amid thunderous roars, many branches snapped off with loud crashes.

Cracks began to spread across the Ruomu's trunk, yet this group showed no signs of stopping. Their intent was clear—they would not cease until it was completely drained.

Fortunately, at the critical moment, another group of cultivators arrived. A fierce battle broke out between the two factions, forcing the extraction process to halt. The newcomers successfully retrieved the condensed green light of ball from the air and departed, but not before launching a combined attack on the already-devastated Ruomu.

This second assault inflicted even greater damage than the forced extraction of its life energy. Massive fissures ran up the tree’s trunk, causing large sections of branches to fall, their destinations unknown.

The rescuers, seeing the extent of the damage, abandoned their pursuit to focus on healing the Ruomu. Thanks to their efforts, the Ruomu narrowly escaped total destruction. However, the injuries it sustained were so severe that recovery seemed impossible.

From that moment on, decay and aging became the tree’s constant companions. Many years later, a humanoid cultivator emerged from the Ruomu, manifesting from within its essence.

--- The fragmented scenes witnessed in the 'Withering Human Life' conveyed an overwhelming amount of information.

Li Fan replayed these images repeatedly through the Dao Deviation Stone, piecing together clues with the information he had previously gathered. Gradually, he formed a hypothesis.

"The cultivators who harmed the Ruomu were likely the same group who, during the great calamity, advocated abandoning the Xuanhuang Realm and fleeing far away."

"Judging by the power they displayed, some among them were clearly experts at the Longevity Immortal Stage."

"Five hundred years ago, for some unknown reason, this group attempted to return to the Xuanhuang Realm, sparking a great conflict."

"Sima Changkong once mentioned that the heavens themselves express extreme hatred for these cultivators, far more than for those of us who plunder and dominate the world."

"Traitors... What did they steal?"

"Could it have been the Ruomu, the tree capable of producing Fruits of Longevity?"

"Hmm... Judging by their methods, there may have been something else involved."

"Thousands of years have passed since their departure and return. Did they ultimately fail to escape the ‘Immortal Ruins’, or was there another reason?"

Li Fan furrowed his brows in thought.

The existence of the Immortal Ruins was no secret to the Ten Immortal Sects. The ruthless, decisive actions of this group implied that they had confidence in their ability to escape the Xuanhuang Realm. Yet, for some reason, they were forced to return.

The known information was too sparse, so Li Fan decided to set this matter aside for now.

Regardless, he now understood why the Ruomu harbored such deep resentment toward cultivators.

Whether it was being recklessly plundered for its fruits or nearly destroyed afterward, the enmity between the Ruomu and cultivators could only be described as irreconcilable.

If Li Fan had suffered such treatment, his vengeance would undoubtedly have been several times more ruthless.

"After the Immortal Ancestor imparted a new method of cultivation, the Fruits of Longevity no longer grant eternal life."

"From the Ruomu's perspective, this might actually be a blessing."

"In a way, the Immortal Ancestor may have been its savior. Without him, no matter how powerful the Ruomu was, it would still be unable to escape the fate of being exploited."

"Judging by its attempt to reverse the 'Destruction of its Kind,' it seems the Ruomu itself has not yet reached the Longevity Immortal Realm. However, given its incredible nature and ancient origin, its strength cannot be measured by simple Dao Integration standards."

"Is it above Dao Integration but below Longevity Immortal? The gap between these stages is staggeringly vast."

The powerful entities Li Fan had encountered recently—the Heavenly Doctor, the Old Fisherman, and now the Ruomu—all seemed to be in this intermediate realm. While this might be coincidental, it highlighted the immense difficulty of transcending the laws of the universe to achieve eternal life.

Despite the abundance of talent and brilliance in the world, the path to Longevity Immortal under the new method remained treacherously narrow, with only a few successfully attaining it.

Li Fan’s gaze deepened, and he fell silent for a long time.

Reflecting on this encounter, Li Fan began to reconsider his actions.

"Encountering the Ruomu and nearly losing my life—it was truly a matter of bad luck."

"I was not complacent after my recent breakthrough. This was the Tianling Prefecture's city, and the villa I rented from the Discussing-Dao Tower should have been secure."

"Who could have anticipated that a cultivator dealing in dubious trades, selling Golden Cores, would turn out to be a powerful entity filled with malice toward humanity?"

This realization left Li Fan feeling helpless.

He could not always hide and rely solely on his clone for action. Although useful, the clone was limited—it was weaker than his true self and could not wield the full extent of his abilities. Expecting it to reach the Longevity Immortal Realm was unrealistic.

"Like being struck by lightning while walking down the street, such rare incidents shouldn't deter me from action altogether."

"There are situations where only my true self can act seamlessly and leave no trace behind."

"Still, the Ruomu’s ability to manipulate and distort one's thoughts is something I must find a way to defend against."

"If it hadn't harbored hatred toward cultivators and glimpsed some future act of mine, intending to use me for vengeance, I might have remained trapped in its grasp indefinitely."

"Even with my supposedly resolute mind, I was utterly defenseless against it."

"In the cultivation world, there are endless treasures and techniques. Surely, I can find a method to counter such abilities."

"I don’t need complete immunity—just enough clarity to counteract this shortcoming."

Li Fan committed this task to memory, placing it as a top priority.

After calming his thoughts, Li Fan finally picked up the withered Ruomu branch that had been sitting on his table.

As he carefully examined it, a sense of familiarity struck him.

It wasn't because he had previously encountered the Ruomu itself but rather because...

This branch seemed similar to the material Jiao Xiuyuan had used to craft clones.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 591


"Jiao Xiuyuan used materials from the Ruomu tree to create his clones?"

Feeling a stir in his heart, Li Fan held the withered branch of the Ruomu tree in his hand and carefully attuned to it.

After a long time, he seemed to understand but shook his head slightly.

"Similar, but different. It's as if they share the same origin, yet there are distinct differences."

"Furthermore, with the Daoist Xiumu's deep disdain for cultivators, it's unlikely he would cooperate with Jiao Xiuyuan."

"So, this must be..."

A scene suddenly flashed in Li Fan's mind: the Ruomu tree being besieged by cultivators, its trunk splitting open, and numerous branches falling from the sky.

"Perhaps those branches that separated back then fell into the Xuanhuang Realm and experienced entirely new fates."

The resilience of plant life is always astonishing. Even ordinary trees can regenerate broken branches.

Let alone an extraordinary being like the Ruomu Tree, capable of bearing the Fruit of Longevity."Still, whether Jiao Xiuyuan truly evolved from a fallen branch of the Ruomu tree or simply found its remnants to craft his clones, it's hard to determine for now."

With a thought, Li Fan made the withered Ruomu branch in his hand sprout a new bud.

In an instant, the bud grew into a tender young branch.

At its tip, as if bearing fruit, hung a small golden spherical object.

Li Fan's eyelids twitched.

This "golden fruit" was, of course, the golden core that the Daoist Xiumu had promised to gift him.

However, the method of storage was quite peculiar.

Reaching out, Li Fan tried to pluck the golden core.

A faint resistance emanated from the "fruit."

Li Fan exerted more force, and the golden core was successfully plucked.

Due to the recoil, the new branch flung backward violently and swayed in the air before abruptly retracting into the withered Ruomu branch.

Before Li Fan could think further, the branch extended again, producing yet another golden core.

Looking at the seemingly sentient Ruomu branch before him, Li Fan grew somber.

He refrained from acting rashly and, like harvesting fruit, plucked core after core until they were all collected.

The process took nearly the time of one incense stick to burn.

A total of 372 golden cores.

After relinquishing all its cores, the Ruomu branch fulfilled its purpose.

It disintegrated into ashes, scattering into the wind.

During the "harvesting" process, although Li Fan appeared to store the golden cores in his spatial ring, he had secretly begun absorbing them using the [Truth] ability.

As he had guessed, single-law golden cores increased the anchor's charge progress by only 0.25%, while dual-law golden cores increased it by 0.5%.

However, triple-law golden cores represented a qualitative leap, each contributing 2% progress.

Among the 372 cores, triple-law cores were rare, while single-law and dual-law cores constituted the majority.

There were no cores with four or more laws.

Thus, after unlocking the fifth anchor point, only 16 carefully selected golden cores remained.

Li Fan’s selection wasn’t based solely on the number of laws in the golden core but rather their rarity.

Common five-elemental laws were inferior to those he had personally comprehended and were therefore deemed unnecessary to preserve.

Meanwhile, some laws pertained to fields Li Fan knew little about, making them valuable for someone newly advanced to the Nascent Soul stage like himself.

The Nascent Soul stage revolves around cultivating and refining one's Cave-Heaven Law Domain.

The more complete this law domain, the stronger the Nascent Soul cultivator’s combat capabilities.

When the domain aligns nearly perfectly with the external Xuanhuang Realm, one can begin to anticipate the Soul Transformation stage.

Li Fan didn't know all the details yet, but he had a vague idea of the process.

The so-called "extracting the marrow of heaven and earth to obtain its essence" refers to...

Heaven's marrow functions similarly to human bone marrow.

Human marrow's primary role is blood production, while heaven's marrow produces laws.

The laws of heaven and earth, like blood in the human body, are foundational to the world's stability.

Without blood, the body dies; without laws, the world collapses.

By disguising one’s cave-heaven as part of the Xuanhuang Realm, one can trick heaven's marrow into bestowing its laws, thus appropriating strands of the world's natural order.

However, just as human marrow also supports immunity and defense mechanisms, heaven's marrow possesses certain countermeasures.

Thus, during the "extraction of heaven's marrow", cultivators must be cautious of the world's backlash.

Only one law can be extracted at a time, and greed must be avoided.

If sacrificing heaven’s soul is the bold and open method of claiming laws, then extracting heaven’s marrow is the covert and cunning method employed when one's strength is insufficient.

This process strengthens oneself while weakening heaven, narrowing the gap between the two.

It also prepares for the eventual Dao Integration process.

Standing at the Nascent Soul stage, Li Fan replayed the "extraction of heaven's marrow" process in his mind, gaining deeper insights compared to when he was at the Golden Core stage.

"Truly a heavenly genius, the method of Immortal Ancestor is brilliant."

"From mimicking heaven’s wonders and observing its laws, a mere mortal with no aptitude for cultivation is gradually integrated into the system of heaven and earth."

"Then, by stealing heaven's essence and marrow, one diminishes the gap between oneself and the cosmos."

"Eventually, one sacrifices heaven’s soul to wrest power from it."

"Finally, by defying the laws of heaven, one replaces it and attains eternal life."

"Step by step, clear and methodical…"

"Truly ingenious and nearly impossible to guard against. No wonder even the might of heaven was brought low by these new cultivators, forced to retaliate."

Li Fan sighed again.

As he revisited this cultivation path, a sudden realization struck him—it resembled something deeply familiar in his memories.

Yet, as he tried to dwell on it, the fleeting inspiration vanished entirely.

Even using the Dao Deviation Stone failed to recover the thought.

A feeling of loss welled up within him.

"How strange..."

Li Fan narrowed his eyes and fell into deep contemplation.

He was almost certain that this sudden insight would not have dissipated so quickly under normal circumstances.

Some force must have interfered, causing the inspiration to vanish.

"Just like what I experienced in Senior Sister Zhao’s illusion realm," he thought.

"In that realm, whenever I tried to cultivate, the walls of the confinement room would emit distracting and mocking noises, hindering my recovery."

"The restrictions of the Xuanhuang Realm are even subtler and harder to detect."

"Immortal Ancestor… Is this your doing?"

Li Fan raised his head to the heavens, his expression inscrutable.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 592


Li Fan naturally wasn’t concerned that the long-hidden "Immortal Ancestor" would suddenly appear just because of a casual upward glance he made toward the sky.

And then confront him, asking:

"Little friend, what exactly are you looking at?"

In fact, what Li Fan cared about was something entirely different.

As the saying goes: "The more you try to cover something up, the more obvious it becomes."

Only matters of great importance prompt one to resort to all sorts of means to hide them.

If someone truly didn’t care, why bother with any methods of concealment?

Throughout the thousands of years of the Xuanhuang Realm’s history, countless geniuses and exceptional figures have emerged.

Surely, many cultivators, like Li Fan just moments ago, must have had a stroke of serendipity, leading them to the brink of a profound realization.

But all of them were inexplicably suppressed by some unseen force.This just shows that the Immortal Ancestor was actually a little wary of the cultivators from the Xuanhuang Realm understanding this matter...

The Immortal Ancestor, wielding the power of one individual, altered the course of heaven and earth, reshaping the balance between the old and the new cultivation methods.

For thousands of years, he subjugated the realm, forcing all cultivators to live as mere beasts of burden.

For such a figure to harbor even a shred of fear about something—how curious.

"Although it might not be outright fear, there is undoubtedly a concern in their mind," Li Fan mused.

"Interesting..."

In an instant, Li Fan pieced together these insights and grew genuinely intrigued by the hidden secret behind it all.

"Perhaps, the way to counter the Immortal Ancestor lies within this mystery."

"A secret may be able to deceive some people forever, or all people temporarily, but it can never deceive all people forever."

"In the Xuanhuang Realm, I have plenty of time to uncover and extract it."

"Besides, I may not be the only one involved."

Li Fan gazed at the vast sky in silence.

As the saying goes: "If one does not plan for eternity, they cannot even plan for a moment." The Immortal Ancestor of Dharma Transmission, standing as the most formidable obstacle on Li Fan’s path to immortality, was an adversary he would inevitably face.

To stumble upon even a minor flaw in their dominion, by sheer coincidence, was indeed fortunate for Li Fan.

"The world is always full of such coincidences. Just like how I was suddenly captured by the Xiumu and then inexplicably released."

"Just like my sudden enlightenment moments ago..."

"Such occurrences cannot be avoided."

"But my [Truth] ability can minimize the negative impacts of such coincidences while amplifying their beneficial outcomes infinitely."

With his thoughts surging and settling, Li Fan calmed himself after a long time and refocused his attention on the sixteen golden cores before him.

After pondering for a while, Li Fan decided to return to the Congyun Sea through a teleportation formation.

Reusing an old tactic, he excavated a secret chamber deep beneath the seabed trench and hid inside.

This was done to avoid any potential spying by Daoist Ruomu.

Whether it was an illusion or purely psychological, upon returning to the Congyun Sea, Li Fan’s heart instantly felt much more at ease.

Holding his breath and calming his mind, he focused intently.

Li Fan laid out the remaining sixteen golden cores and chose one of slightly inferior quality. He fed it once again to [Truth].

As he had anticipated, after [Truth] absorbed the core, the charging progress for the sixth anchoring point showed no noticeable change.

"[Truth]'s appetite is only growing larger."

"From Foundation Establishment treasures to Golden Cores."

"Don’t tell me that it will next require Cave Heavens or the Marrow of Heaven itself?"

At this thought, Li Fan’s expression subtly changed.

Golden Cores could still be managed—there were ways to procure some.

If his strength advanced further, acquiring a few Cave Heavens shouldn’t be a big problem either.

But as for the Marrow of Heaven or the Spirit of Heaven and Earth...

These were intrinsic to the Xuanhuang Realm, and their quantities were finite.

Countless cultivators were already eagerly waiting for their appearance, and any sighting would incite a frenzy.

Where could he find enough of these for [Truth] to devour?

"The remaining anchoring points are few. This is troublesome."

"I had initially planned to use one anchor after this life and then start anew at the Nascent Soul stage, gradually amassing strength through endless cycles."

"But now, it seems I must be more cautious. After all, I already know the location of the [Root of Heaven and Earth]. Restarting wouldn’t be too difficult."

...

As Li Fan pondered, he decided to stop feeding [Truth].

Instead, he picked up one of the remaining golden cores and held it in his hand to absorb it slowly.

Although it was a single-method golden core, it contained an extremely rare enchantment technique.

Related to mental power, it was exactly what Li Fan urgently needed to replenish.

The saying "One may use a stone from another mountain to sharpen their jade" proved true.

Although it wasn’t a defensive method, knowledge of mental attacks would provide invaluable insight. The next time he encountered such techniques, he would be better prepared.

For a deeper understanding, Li Fan drew upon the power of his Cave Heaven and reactivated the unique trait of the wondrous treasure [Seven-Aperture Exquisite Heart].

In that instant, numerous revelations flooded his mind.

Immersed in these insights, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel elated.

Meanwhile, as Li Fan was secluded in contemplation, the Congyun Sea was far from peaceful.

Although the battle in the Tianling Prefecture had ended and cultivators were recuperating, a recent decree from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had stirred a commotion.

Due to the heavy losses in the war, the Alliance decided to sell all cultivation techniques at half price for the next year.

Even advanced techniques previously restricted by merit rankings were now unlocked.

No more rank restrictions—anyone with enough contribution points could purchase them directly.

Of course, some limitations remained.

Each individual could only purchase one technique, solely for personal cultivation. Reselling or transferring the technique in any form was strictly prohibited.

Violators would not only lose their cultivation rights to the technique but also face severe punishment.

For most cultivators, who previously couldn’t afford a single technique even by bankrupting themselves, these limitations seemed insignificant.

Their full attention was now captured by the dazzling list of techniques displayed in the Tianxuan Mirror.

Cultivation techniques are the foundation of immortality.

The quality of one’s technique directly determines their future prospects.

When these rare, high-level techniques entered the public view, the cultivators finally realized how inadequate their standard techniques were.

Opportunities like this were rare—missing out would mean regret.

Driven by envy, cultivators scrambled to calculate their contribution points and rushed to acquire their desired techniques.

At the same time, Congyun City became a gathering place for angry cultivators.

They surrounded the Bureau of Administration, demanding an explanation from He Zhenghao.

The reason was simple: during Li Fan’s previous fundraising plan, many had poured in their entire savings, leaving only a small reserve.

Now, they couldn’t afford to purchase techniques.

With rare techniques disappearing quickly, the cultivators grew increasingly frustrated and desperate.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 593


“Damn it, give me back my money!”

“Who would’ve thought that Li Fan would suddenly become so ‘kind-hearted’? The fundraising plan, which had been suspended for so long, restarted without warning! Not only that, but he even removed the upper limit on contributions! Turns out this was all a setup to swindle us!”

“Exactly! His deduction abilities have reached such perfection that he could foresee even the ceasefire between the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association. Do you really think he couldn’t predict this? I say he took this opportunity to exploit his brothers!”

“No way! With the wealth and status the Lord Envoy now commands, would he really care about such a trivial amount of money from us?”

“Maybe not if it was just one person or even ten. But this time, there are tens of thousands of cultivators contributing! With so much credit at stake, even an Immortal Sage of Dao Integration would be tempted, let alone a minor envoy in a provincial domain! You’ll see—when we go to He Zhenghao to demand our credit back, he’ll surely make all kinds of excuses!”

Under the instigation of some cultivators, panic and anger spread like wildfire.

Crowds gathered in front of the Administration Bureau Hall, refusing to leave for a long time.

Normally, unrelated individuals were not allowed to congregate in the central core area of the Immortal City. However, this fundraising event involved so many people that even many cultivators within the system had contributed their entire savings.

Now that the techniques were available at half price, they couldn’t afford the required credit all at once. While they didn’t dare trouble their direct superiors, they didn’t hesitate to let these outside forces “advocate for their rights” on their behalf, turning a blind eye to the chaos.

Thus, the scene became one of complete disorder.Outside was a chaotic uproar, but inside the Administration Hall, He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan appeared entirely unconcerned, at ease in their respective seats.

“A bunch of fools!”

“They agreed to five years. Five years is five years! How long has it been, and now they’re clamoring for an early redemption of their credit?”

“Do they think the contracts I painstakingly signed with them are worthless?”

He Zhenghao sneered as his gaze swept across the display of the Tianxuan Mirror before him.

“Dragon Soars Through Nine Transformations—Soul Transformation technique, 950,000 credits. With it, one can transcend mortality, reshape the body, and defy fate...”

“Mountains and Rivers in the Sleeve—Soul Transformation technique, 1,000,000 credits. Mastery allows one to sweep mountains and rivers with a single gesture...”

One after another, techniques he had once dared not even dream of were now at his fingertips, ready for him to choose without hesitation.

After following Li Fan for just a few short years, he was no longer the cautious steward of Liuli Island, counting every credit to the last decimal.

“Although these Soul Transformation techniques are excellent, they still feel lacking. Why not go all the way and exchange for a Dao Integration technique directly? Opportunities like this are rare.”

The thought once sparked in He Zhenghao’s mind could no longer be suppressed.

After carefully examining the descriptions of a few Dao Integration techniques, the previously tempting Soul Transformation techniques now seemed dull in comparison.

“Hmm... these Dao Integration techniques are extraordinary. The cheapest is 2 million credits, and the ones suitable for me cost even more.”

“But that doesn’t mean there’s no way to make it work...”

He Zhenghao began to devise a plan in his mind.

Meanwhile, Gao Yuan sat silently nearby, his excitement evident in his eyes as he browsed the list of techniques.

However, Zhou Qingang, seated between them, remained unmoved, sitting in quiet contemplation.

“Zhou Qingang’s ability to maintain composure is truly remarkable. To resist such temptation... No wonder the Lord Envoy values him more and more,” both He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan thought as they glanced at Zhou Qingang.

Ever since cultivators began demanding early credit redemption, the three of them had taken refuge in the Administration Bureau Hall, shutting the doors and pretending not to see the chaos outside.

After a long silence, Zhou Qingang finally broke it:

“Letting this commotion continue isn’t a solution. While we may not care what they think, if their anger leads to reckless accusations, it could tarnish the Lord Envoy’s reputation.”

“Public opinion is a powerful thing! If rumors spread, outsiders might genuinely believe the Lord Envoy is some greedy, small-minded person!”

Gao Yuan quickly echoed Zhou Qingang’s concerns: “Indeed! The Lord Envoy intends to use this matter to win people’s hearts. If this drags on, it might hinder his plans!”

He Zhenghao looked up, a little stunned. “Do you two have any suggestions?”

“The Lord Envoy has already given instructions, hasn’t he? It’s clearly stated in the contracts: early redemption is allowed, but it comes with a penalty—one-third of the credits—and a lifetime ban from future fundraising plans.”

“Just go out there and explain it to them. If they insist, then return their credits. Keep a record of their names, and I’ll report them to the Lord Envoy. Won’t that resolve the issue?” Zhou Qingang said calmly.

He Zhenghao groaned inwardly: “Easy for you to say! A third of their credits? That’s a huge amount painstakingly saved over time. How many would be willing to accept that? They’d tear me apart!”

He glanced pleadingly at Gao Yuan, who merely avoided eye contact, pretending not to hear.

“Fellow Daoist He?”

Hearing Zhou Qingang’s increasingly firm tone, He Zhenghao had no choice but to grit his teeth and agree.

The moment He Zhenghao stepped outside the Administration Bureau Hall, the previously noisy crowd fell silent, all eyes on him.

“Bang!”

The doors behind him slammed shut, leaving He Zhenghao to face the crowd with a forced smile that was more pitiful than cheerful. “Everyone, please allow me to explain!”

...

While He Zhenghao was racking his brains to reason with the crowd, Han Yi remained in a state of deep regret.

After the announcement of discounted techniques, despite being penniless, Han Yi had reviewed the list out of curiosity.

What he saw threw him into a spiral of frustration.

One of the techniques, Void Tribulation Primordial Codex, was perfect for avoiding disasters and surviving tribulations.

As a Soul Transformation technique, it was available for only 1.1 million credits at half price.

“With this, I could greatly reduce the backlash from my 'Heavenly Fortune Scripture'. No more random disasters falling upon me...”

“It’s absolutely perfect for me...”

The more he thought about it, the deeper his regret grew.

“Damn it! Why couldn’t I keep my hands to myself back then?”

Overwhelmed with frustration, Han Yi felt a tightness in his chest and nearly coughed up blood.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 594


"No, this method seems tailor-made for me. I absolutely cannot miss it!"

Han Yi paced back and forth, muttering to himself.

"I’ll lose one-third of the penalty fee, and my principal amount is 910,000."

"If I can successfully recover it, that’s 600,000..."

A wave of heartache struck Han Yi as he calculated the loss.

He furrowed his brows in frustration: "Still, I’m short by over 500,000!"

"If I push myself again this year, even at the risk of backlash, I could earn that much. But such frequent use will likely harm my foundation."

Caught in an internal struggle, Han Yi finally made up his mind after a long while.

"I used to think that as long as I controlled my fate, I could achieve greatness in cultivation."

"But judging by my experiences over the past few years, fate alone isn’t omnipotent. To achieve Dao Integration or even Longevity Immortal, fate alone is far from enough.""Resources, connections—these are just as important!"

"Now that such an incredible technique has surfaced in the world, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. If the heavens give and I refuse, I’ll only regret it later!"

With that thought, Han Yi headed straight to the administrative hall in Congyun City.

On the way, he heard that a large number of cultivators had gathered there, all hoping to redeem their contributions early, just like him.

At first, he was a bit relieved, thinking that a crowd would make things easier.

However, when he arrived, his heart sank.

Only a handful of individuals remained scattered around, their expressions weary and lifeless, like frostbitten eggplants.

"Could something have gone wrong again?" Anxiously, Han Yi began asking around.

To his surprise, it was just a misunderstanding, and his concerns were unnecessary.

"So, as long as I’m willing to pay 30% of the penalty fee, I can retrieve my contribution points?"

"No additional conditions?"

After confirming the details, Han Yi let out a long sigh of relief.

A nearby cultivator, however, scoffed: "Thirty percent is no small amount, and yet you seem completely unfazed."

Han Yi shook his head: "A deal is a deal. The contract was crystal clear when I signed it. Even if I regret it now, I won’t complain."

"Honestly, I thought Lord Envoy might take advantage of everyone’s urgent need for money and increase the penalties. But it seems their integrity is commendable."

Unintentionally, Han Yi’s words provoked the cultivators around him.

"You scoundrel, are you one of Li Fan’s stooges? Listening to you, it sounds like being cheated is a blessing!"

"Exactly! You don’t look familiar—how do we know you’re not here spreading lies for Li Fan? Don’t let his sweet words fool you!"

"Despicable!"

In an instant, Han Yi became the target of everyone’s frustrations. Stunned, he didn’t know how to respond.

Fortunately, He Zhenghao noticed the commotion and intervened in time.

"Enough with this nonsense! I think this fellow Daoist makes a valid point—honor your commitments! None of you were forced to sign the contract back then. Some of you even begged to join the fundraiser. So why act like this now?"

With a stern scolding, He Zhenghao silenced the crowd.

The cultivators, unable to argue further, left in embarrassment.

"What’s your name, Daoist?" After the crowd dispersed, He Zhenghao addressed Han Yi with a friendly tone.

"I am Han Yi," he replied nervously, recognizing He Zhenghao as the person in charge of the fundraiser and the key to recovering his contribution points.

"Haha, fellow Taoist Han, please relax," He Zhenghao said with a knowing smile.

Having interacted with tens of thousands of cultivators, He Zhenghao could easily read Han Yi’s state of mind.

Recalling Li Fan’s recent instructions, he quickly devised a plan.

"In this day and age, cultivators like you, Fellow Daoist Han, who understand reason and fairness, are rare." He Zhenghao sighed.

"Don’t be misled by the gossip outside. Lord Envoy is far from a fraud. On the contrary, he is kind-hearted. When he learned that many cultivators urgently needed contribution points, he specifically instructed us to waive the penalty fees for those in dire straits."

Han Yi was stunned: "Really?"

He Zhenghao’s expression turned serious: "Lord Envoy always keeps his word. Why would I deceive you?"

"Come, Daoist Han, I’ll process your request immediately."

Overjoyed, Han Yi eagerly followed him.

Half a day later, holding his recovered 910,000 contribution points, Han Yi was overcome with emotion.

"Could it be that my luck is finally turning?"

But as he reflected further, he felt a lingering unease.

"No, it’s not just luck. Li Fan truly lives up to his reputation—what magnanimity!"

"Waiving such a significant penalty with a simple gesture… Truly extraordinary."

"Those cultivators earlier were clearly judging him unfairly."

Grateful to Li Fan, Han Yi couldn’t help but admire him even more.

Little did he know, this was precisely what Li Fan had intended.

By instructing his subordinates to selectively waive penalties for some cultivators, Li Fan had sown discord.

Those who benefited would naturally defend him when criticized, while others, burdened by real losses, would remain skeptical.

As debates arose, public opinion shifted from unified criticism to divided arguments.

For uninvolved onlookers, it became harder to trust either side completely.

Thus, the negative impact was quietly neutralized.

When questioned, one could easily dismiss it with: "Ah, it’s a complicated matter. Hard to say who’s right."

This strategy also bought Li Fan precious time to finalize his plans.

If he acted too harshly, it might raise suspicions that he was preparing to flee.

But by temporarily calming doubts, he ensured that when the Crimson Flame arrived, his grand scheme in Congyun Sea would reach its final stage.

As expected, although the incident caused some unrest, it gradually faded from memory.

As the deadline for the discounted technique drew closer, cultivators focused most of their energy on earning contribution points to exchange for techniques before the opportunity disappeared.

Han Yi was no exception.

Because contribution points were scarce, he searched relentlessly but failed to find a suitable opportunity.

Left with no choice, he activated his Heavenly Fate Scripture to seek a chance.

Following its guidance, he departed from Congyun Sea and ventured deep into the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 595


Luoyan Prefecture.

"Strange, it should be around here. There’s no mistake."

"But why..."

Han Yi furrowed his brows tightly, once again flying over this area for half a day.

Yet, he still couldn’t pinpoint the exact location of the opportunity he sensed.

"It’s definitely pointing here, but I can only lock onto a general area. Once I enter it, that feeling in my heart inexplicably disappears."

"It’s as if something is deliberately interfering."

At this moment, Han Yi felt both joy and worry in his heart.

Such a situation had never occurred to him before. According to the records in Heavenly Fate Scripture, either the opportunity was too great, exceeding his current ability to bear, which would be a misfortune rather than a blessing, or the fortune here was shielding itself, preventing outsiders from discovering it.

"I can only go down and search personally. I’ll act accordingly, and if it’s impossible to proceed, I’ll let it go. After all, no matter what, preserving my life must remain the priority," Han Yi pondered deeply and made a decision.Leaving the Congyun Sea behind, he traveled far. Gradually calming down, Han Yi realized he might have been too impulsive recently, likely affected by the backlash of fortune.

With the foundation of his Heavenly Fate Scripture and the Feather of the Mystic Black Bird, combined with his knowledge of an undeveloped small world where the Heavenly Fate Mystical Bird had fallen, as long as he didn’t perish prematurely, following a steady path would ensure success in reaching the Soul Transformation and Dao Integration stages.

Even the Longevity Immortal realm was not beyond his imagination.

That Void Tribulation Primordial Codex, though excellent, was merely icing on the cake.

With these thoughts, Han Yi’s mindset gradually became more balanced.

No longer obsessed with obtaining the opportunity, he adopted the philosophy of "What is destined will come, and what is not meant to be should not be forced," wandering leisurely.

This place was a small town populated by ordinary mortals, with no cultivators guarding it.

Han Yi concealed his cultivation and disguised himself as a mortal, blending in.

However, the aura of a cultivator is difficult to hide completely. Among a group of ordinary mortals, Han Yi stood out like a crane among chickens.

Although it was unclear whether he was truly an "Immortal Master," his extraordinary demeanor made it evident he was someone of wealth and status.

Instinctively, the mortals avoided him. Thus, Han Yi found it difficult to integrate.

His plan to secretly search for the opportunity was thwarted prematurely.

"I’ve heard that ancient cultivators cultivated their minds and spirits. Despite having heaven-reaching power, they could live harmoniously among mortals, without the slightest flaw. I truly wonder how they managed it."

Looking at the mortals in the town, who were trembling before he even spoke, Han Yi sighed inwardly.

Though they answered all his questions without omission, their responses were completely irrelevant to his purpose.

Trying to find the true opportunity among them was like chasing a fool’s dream.

Han Yi couldn’t help but feel helpless.

"Opportunities are like this—when sought deliberately, they often come to naught."

Unwilling to give up, he pretended to leave the town, changed his appearance, and returned, wandering for several more days.

Still, there were no results.

He thought about trying his luck in the areas surrounding the town, but this time, the sensed location had narrowed even further.

The opportunity was in the town!

This tantalizing feeling of being close yet unable to grasp it made Han Yi feel suffocated, almost to the point of spitting blood.

His previously calm emotions were once again stirred up.

As his composure turned to agitation, the more impatient he became, the further the opportunity slipped from his grasp.

He didn’t know how long he wandered the town, covering almost every inch of land.

Still, he found nothing.

The mortals in the town, however, noticed his prolonged presence and peculiar behavior.

Although they couldn’t cultivate, they weren’t fools.

This cultivator had been lingering in the town for a long time, obviously searching for something.

Thus, rumors spread that there was treasure in the town.

Although neither they nor Han Yi knew what the treasure was, it didn’t stop the townsfolk from becoming suspicious and restless.

Whether hoping to secretly claim the treasure for themselves to change their fate or to offer it to the immortal master for a reward, this was a chance to transform their lives completely.

They searched through their belongings, digging out old and suspicious items for careful examination.

These small movements didn’t escape Han Yi’s sharp perception.

However, he didn’t care in the slightest.

What could mere mortals know of his methods?

As long as his fortune-sensing persisted, the opportunity remained in its original place.

He only needed to monitor the town.

If something unusual occurred and the sensing disappeared, he would immediately pinpoint the opportunity.

So, Han Yi simply occupied a residence in the town lord’s mansion, staying put while using his divine sense to monitor every mortal day and night.

Months passed, yet Han Yi still gained nothing.

Finally, he decided to give up.

"It seems this is not meant to be," Han Yi sighed, ready to leave.

At that moment, the long-unchanged sensing suddenly stirred!

Han Yi’s heart began to race.

"Who is it?"

Sweeping the entire town with his divine sense, Han Yi noticed an old man wearing a straw raincoat with a fishing basket on his back, preparing to leave.

"Is it him?"

Han Yi didn’t know the man’s exact name, only that he was called "Old Yu," a simple fisherman.

Every day, Old Yu fished in a river east of the town and sold his catch in the marketplace.

Quiet and unassuming, his business was mediocre due to his lack of salesmanship. He barely made a living by pricing his fish cheaply.

Han Yi had seen him before, but apart from his straw raincoat, the old man had nothing.

His home was bare, showing no signs of treasure.

"Could he have recently fished something out of the river?"

Han Yi’s thoughts raced as he eyed the fishing basket, becoming more convinced of his speculation.

Leaping up, he no longer hesitated and chased the fisherman out of the town.

However, just as he approached in excitement, intending to question the old man, the elderly figure with deeply wrinkled features glanced in his direction.

That single glance was like a bucket of icy water pouring over Han Yi.

His hair stood on end as he froze in terror.

"Something’s wrong!"

An overwhelming sense of danger surged within him, and the fortunate omen he had sensed transformed into a terrifying calamity.

Han Yi instantly realized the truth.

This opportunity wasn’t some treasure, and this fisherman wasn’t an ordinary mortal.

He was a hidden powerhouse, concealing himself among mortals for some unknown reason.

The opportunity was the fisherman himself!

The reason his fortune-sensing had always pointed to the town was that the fisherman remained there.

He had been blind to the true dragon before him, missing it repeatedly.

Now that the fisherman decided to leave, the sensing changed accordingly.

If he had acted rashly earlier and provoked this formidable figure…

Understanding everything in an instant, Han Yi broke into a cold sweat.

His pace slowed as he decided not to take any risks and prepared to retreat.

"Who are you, and where do you come from?"

The fisherman suddenly spoke.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 596


This location was already several miles away from the small town, a desolate wilderness with no one else around.

Only Han Yi and the Old Fisherman stood there.

The Old Fisherman spoke, and the question was obviously directed at Han Yi.

When a powerful cultivator asks, how could he dare not answer?

Han Yi felt his scalp tingle with fear.

But his life was at stake; he absolutely couldn’t afford to defy the other party. Reluctantly, he flew closer, landed on the ground, lowered his head, bowed deeply, and greeted, "I greet the senior."

Unexpectedly, the Old Fisherman wasn’t appeased by such courtesy.

Frowning, he asked again, "Where are you from?"

Han Yi’s heart pounded violently as if it would explode.

It was obvious that his earlier hesitation had already irritated the elder.As the saying goes, “Three strikes, and you're out.” If his next response still displeased the elder, it might mean his head would part ways with his body!

Yet, his journey was guided by the fortunes in his heart, seeking his own destiny.

But how could he possibly share such a thing with others?

Though the elder before him had an unfathomable cultivation level, there was no guarantee he wouldn’t covet The Heavenly Fate Scripture.

If Han Yi revealed the truth, he would likely face a fate of having his soul searched and life essence drained.

It seemed that no matter what he did, death awaited him.

Han Yi’s mind raced wildly, and within a moment, he thought of an ambiguous answer.

Noticing the elder's expression growing impatient, Han Yi steeled himself and forced out a response, "Junior has come here pursuing an item."

"Following its trail for ten thousand miles, I arrived here, only to lose all traces of it."

Afterward, he lowered his head and waited for his fate.

Unexpectedly, the strange and powerful elder didn’t reprimand him.

After a long silence, his tone grew somewhat pensive: "So, you’ve also lost something?"

"Also?"

Hearing that word, Han Yi immediately sensed a glimmer of hope. He quickly nodded, "Exactly so. This item is very important to me, so I’ve traversed mountains and rivers to retrieve it. Yet, heaven has not granted my wish..."

The Old Fisherman’s tone softened.

He gazed at Han Yi and nodded approvingly, "Precious things must be well-kept. Once lost, finding them again is no easy matter."

"I don’t even know how long I’ve been searching, yet I still haven’t found mine."

Han Yi dared not ask what the elder had lost.

At this moment, he felt relieved to have narrowly escaped death.

Not daring to speak recklessly, he merely replied, "Senior’s words are a lesson to remember."

He then lowered his head and remained silent, no longer concerning himself with any opportunities, only praying the Old Fisherman would leave soon.

However, something that made his heart stop abruptly occurred again.

At that moment, he suddenly heard the elder say, "Do not move!"

Han Yi's body froze in place.

Believing he was about to meet his end, countless images from his life flashed through his mind.

There was the ecstatic joy of discovering The Heavenly Fate Scripture in an ancient ruin shortly after entering the Qi Condensation stage.

There was the anguish of repeated Foundation Establishment failures due to the backlash of cultivating the scripture.

And there was the exhilaration of narrowly escaping death in the small world of Beast Realm, finally achieving Foundation Establishment upon his return, and feeling as though the world was his to conquer.

...

"Am I about to die?"

Han Yi thought despairingly.

Just when he had given up all hope, the Old Fisherman frowned and said, "No wonder you couldn’t find it—it’s been under surveillance this whole time?"

With a casual wave of his hand, it seemed as if the elder severed something invisible.

Instead of death, Han Yi felt an inexplicable sense of relief.

It was as if a shackle that had long bound him suddenly vanished.

"Under surveillance? What does that mean?"

Han Yi was momentarily bewildered, then realized with a start:

"Have I been watched this entire time?"

"No wonder I’ve always felt like nothing was going right. Has every move of mine been under someone else’s control?"

Recalling how he used to observe mortals daily in the small town, Han Yi broke into a cold sweat.

"Who?"

"When?"

Faces flashed through Han Yi’s mind one after another.

Each seemed suspicious, yet none fit completely.

"You young people..." The Old Fisherman shook his head at Han Yi’s pale, frightened face.

"Traveling alone, you must always be cautious. Being watched for so long—haven’t all your secrets been laid bare?"

"Perhaps the thing you’re searching for has already been stolen," the elder lamented, as if pitying him.

"But I don’t blame you..." Suddenly, the Old Fisherman’s tone shifted.

He frowned slightly and looked up at the sky.

"The people in this area have some very unpleasant habits," he said, narrowing his eyes as though recalling something serious.

"Senior, please save me!"

Perhaps it was the elder’s momentary display of "kindness," or perhaps Han Yi was terrified by the realization of having been watched without knowing.

Han Yi’s composure broke, and he knelt before the Old Fisherman, kowtowing in desperation.

"Save you?"

The Old Fisherman was briefly puzzled by Han Yi’s plea.

"You needn’t worry. I’ve taught that person a harsh lesson. They won’t be able to watch you anymore."

Hearing this, Han Yi was overjoyed.

"May I ask, senior, who was watching me, and what did they look like?"

The Old Fisherman hesitated. "They were too far away, and my eyesight isn’t what it used to be, so I couldn’t see clearly..."

"No matter, I still ask senior to help identify them!" Grasping at this lifeline, Han Yi felt he couldn’t rest easy without knowing who had been spying on him.

He used the Water Mirror Technique to recreate the faces of those he had interacted with over the years, focusing on the most suspicious ones.

"Senior, please..."

Just as Han Yi was about to speak, he sensed a strange tension in the air.

Turning his head, he felt a sinking dread.

In his panic, he had also included the scene from the sky above the Congyun Sea, where he had glimpsed the [Trapped Sword of Azure Wind].

At that moment, the Fisherman Elder was staring intently at the scene.

"Could it be that he’s recognized the characteristics of the Spirit of Heaven-Earth?"

Han Yi immediately regretted his actions.

"A sword..."

But the elder wasn’t focused on the Spirit of Heaven-Earth.

"A sword?"

Han Yi’s gaze also fell on the broken sword trapped by the Azure Wind.

"I’ve been searching for so long, yet still haven’t found it..."

The elder’s earlier words echoed in Han Yi’s mind.

"Could it be..."

A terrifying thought surfaced in Han Yi’s mind.

Before he could react, the Old Fisherman turned his cloudy gaze toward him.

The next moment, darkness enveloped Han Yi.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 597


The Fisherman and Han Yi stood facing each other.

Suddenly, a violent energy descended upon the scene.

The Fisherman remained calm, standing as immovable as a mountain. Even his straw raincoat seemed to embody the passage of millennia, firmly clinging to him, untouched by the raging storm.

In contrast, Han Yi's body erupted with an overwhelming aura of black malevolence, surging outward. Under the strange energy's influence, his expression froze, locked in the moment the Fisherman had last gazed at him.

Yet, his appearance was eerie beyond words. His pupils vanished, and his face fractured like a shattered porcelain mask, revealing a web of cracks. His entire body flickered intermittently, vanishing into the billowing black mist and reappearing seconds later, as though caught between existence and nothingness.

The transformation occurred in an instant.

The Fisherman calmly picked up his fish basket from the ground and slung it over his back, striding purposefully toward the Congyun Sea.

As for Han Yi...

The swirling black mist abruptly retreated into his body after the Fisherman's departure. Yet, Han Yi did not return to normal. He remained standing motionless, like a statue that had always been there.

His hollow eyes stared blankly ahead. Time passed.

A plain white bird flew overhead. Strange events followed.

Without warning, a previously healed wound on the bird's wing reopened, causing it to lose balance. It spiraled downward, unable to recover, and crashed to the ground, lifeless, right in front of Han Yi's statue.

More time passed.

A group of ordinary townsfolk, chatting cheerfully, passed by the road where Han Yi stood. Curiously, they seemed oblivious to his presence, failing to notice the statue at all. They walked straight through him, as if he were an illusion.

Strangely, there was no collision.

Moments later, one of the villagers suddenly clutched his chest, his face turning pale. Amid the group's panicked cries, he collapsed lifelessly to the ground, struck by a sudden heart attack.

The group, originally heading into the nearby mountains to gather herbs, abandoned their plans in sorrow. Carrying the body of their deceased companion, they returned to their village, mourning all the while.

More time elapsed.

A cultivator in a green robe flew over Han Yi's statue, his face alight with joy.

"Finally! After countless trials, I've collected the final ingredient. With my new alchemy cauldron furnace, this time, success is certain! The Mystic Ice Treasure Pill will finally be mine!"

His murmurs were filled with anticipation.

A day later, in the skies above Luoyan Prefecture, a minor celestial phenomenon occurred—a cultivator had perished.

It was reported that during a critical alchemical process, an explosion had destroyed the furnace, taking the alchemist's life.

Such incidents were rare but not unheard of in this era. As the deceased was an unremarkable Golden Core cultivator, the news caused little stir beyond a few sighs of pity.

Yet, subtle changes began rippling through Luoyan Province, unnoticed by the world.

...

The narrative shifted back to the Fisherman.

He walked steadily on the ground, not soaring through the skies as other cultivators might. Yet his speed was astonishing. With each step, he seemed to traverse thousands of miles, his figure flashing as he advanced toward the Congyun Sea.

When he reached Yuandao Prefecture, just one step away from his destination, a blue-robed figure appeared in his path.

"Fellow Daoist, I advise you to turn back," the figure said.

The Fisherman frowned, studying the man.

Clad in a blue Daoist robe, the figure had white hair, a deeply wrinkled face, and the frailty of someone nearing their end.

"Have I met you before?" the Fisherman asked uncertainly.

The blue-robed man coughed and replied in a hoarse voice, "You’ve grown forgetful, old friend. Last time we met, you still remembered me. Now, have you truly forgotten who I am?"

He added, "It wasn’t so long ago—just two centuries past."

The Fisherman lowered his head, lost in thought. After a moment, he shook his head.

"I can’t recall. But it doesn’t matter... you won’t live much longer."

The Fisherman's tone was indifferent, as though commenting on the weather.

The blue-robed man froze for a moment.

"Yes," he said softly, "I won’t live much longer..." His voice carried a trace of melancholy.

"Will you still try to stop me?" the Fisherman asked.

"My duty leaves me no choice," the blue-robed man replied without hesitation.

Hearing this, the Fisherman wasted no words. He extended his right hand and grasped at the air.

Suddenly, crisscrossing black threads materialized around the blue-robed man, forming a massive web that ensnared him.

The blue-robed man let out a muffled groan as his body vanished, leaving only a single blue feather glowing within the shrinking net.

When the net retracted into the Fisherman’s hand, he examined the feather, his brow furrowing briefly in confusion.

Shaking his head slightly, he placed the feather into his basket and continued toward the Congyun Sea.

Shortly after his departure, a faint, ghostly figure reappeared at the scene.

"After my death, let the floodwaters rise," the figure muttered with a cold snort.

He cast a deep, lingering gaze at the Fisherman’s retreating form before vanishing.

---

In Qingyun Prefecture, two prefecture away luoyan, another perspective unfolded.

When his spiritual senses were severed, Li Fan immediately knew something was wrong. Reacting swiftly, he retrieved a sacred artifact gifted to him by the Five Elders Association—a statue of the Manifestation of Heavenly Sovereign Statue.

Unlike the five-faced, ten-armed version used for communication with the Five Elders Pavilion, this statue depicted the Heavenly Sovereign of Sorrowless, its serene visage exuding compassion.

The statue served one purpose: to protect the divine sea consciousness from collapse during a fatal attack.

The artifact activated just in time.

It felt as though a heavy blow had struck Li Fan’s head. His mind buzzed, his vision fragmented into countless overlapping images, and his body swayed.

Coughing up blood, he instinctively clutched his head. Even the body protection charging progress of [Truth] dropped by 5%.

Fortunately, he suffered only minor injuries and avoided disaster.

With the power of his heavenly internal law domain and five-elemental energy circulating within him, Li Fan quickly recovered his vitality.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 598


The Xuanhuang Heart Refining Mantra began to operate automatically. Within a few breaths, even the injuries to his divine sea consciousness had completely vanished.

“Hoo…”

“Not only did he effortlessly dismantle my [Formless Killing Intent], but he also managed to strike my divine sense from such a great distance.”

“If it weren’t for the protective shield of the Manifestation of Heavenly Sovereign Statue, my sea of consciousness would have suffered severe damage.”

Li Fan glanced at the Manifestation of Heavenly Sovereign Statue statue in his hand. After emitting a faint white glow, it dissolved and disappeared without a trace.

“Old Fisherman… a being above Dao Integration is indeed terrifying.”

Although Li Fan was astonished, he was far from fearful. Instead, a glimmer of excitement flashed in his eyes.

He hadn’t anticipated things to proceed so smoothly.

When he noticed Han Yi wandering aimlessly into the heartlands of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and pausing in the Luoyan Prefecture, Li Fan already had a vague sense of what was about to unfold.

Previously, he had subtly implanted the ideas of the Azure Wind Trapped Sword and the whereabouts of the Old Fisherman into Han Yi's mind using the Cloud-Water Illusionary Dream technique. He had hoped to use Han Yi as a medium to relay information about the Azure Wind Trapped Sword to the Old Fisherman.In Li Fan’s expectations, Han Yi would need additional guidance to find the Old Fisherman within the vast regions of several provinces. However, as if guided by destiny or influenced by unknown factors, Han Yi moved with unexpected precision, directly locking onto the Old Fisherman’s location.

The Old Fisherman was a shared opportunity for all. Cultivators within the heartlands of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance would instinctively search for his whereabouts. Once discovered, news of his presence spread quickly, with mutual cooperation ensuring swift dissemination.

Li Fan, having experienced countless cycles of reincarnation, was naturally well-versed in this pattern.

Thus, when he saw the Old Fisherman through his perspective of heaven and earth, Li Fan couldn’t help but feel immense joy. His plan to orchestrate a battle between the Old Fisherman, the Heavenly Doctor, and the Sage seemed to be on the brink of success.

When Li Fan initially implanted the thoughts into Han Yi's mind, he also left a wisp of "Heavenly Calamity Energy" in his body. Though almost undetectable, under Li Fan’s deliberate manipulation, it could erupt in a manner that the Old Fisherman wouldn’t overlook.

Through Han Yi’s memories, the Old Fisherman could see the location of the Azure Wind Trapped Sword. Similarly, he could witness the appearance of the Heavenly Doctor in the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace.

Li Fan was confident that both the Sage and the Old Fisherman harbored irreconcilable hatred toward the Heavenly Doctor.

The Old Fisherman, after reclaiming the Heavenly Calamity Sword and restoring some of his power, would undoubtedly seek a confrontation with the Heavenly Doctor. This would undoubtedly complicate matters for the Heavenly Doctor.

The plan was perfect. However, Han Yi proved to be an unexpected variable.

Despite the Old Fisherman appearing before him more than ten times, Han Yi failed to notice anything amiss, leaving Li Fan, who had been tailing them from afar, repeatedly shaking his head.

Of course, Li Fan wouldn’t risk his own safety by intervening. Instead, he kept his distance, patiently observing.

Fortunately, while the process deviated slightly, the outcome ultimately aligned with his expectations.

When Han Yi, lost in his thoughts, charged at the Old Fisherman, even Li Fan couldn’t help but silently applaud his courage.

However, when the Old Fisherman merely cast a glance in Han Yi’s direction, Li Fan immediately sensed trouble.

...

“Thankfully, I was prepared for this and am no longer the novice Foundation Establishment cultivator I once was.”

Exhaling deeply, Li Fan, now recovered, began pondering his next steps.

“If everything proceeds as expected, the Old Fisherman should now be heading toward the Congyun Sea.”

“Gods clash, mortals suffer. My true body should steer clear of the chaos.”

With a thought, Li Fan shifted his attention to his clone, Zhou Qingang.

At the Congyun Sea, the storm was gradually subsiding. Most cultivators had turned their focus to cultivation and studying the techniques they had recently acquired, leaving the administration hall unusually quiet.

Unnoticed by anyone, Li Fan directed Zhou Qingang to approach the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace. The place was almost deserted, with only a few cultivators occasionally passing through in groups.

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan decided to wait outside instead of entering the palace immediately.

Three days passed.

A sudden gust of wind rustled his robes.

Li Fan raised his head toward the sky and extended a hand, feeling the intensifying wind. A sense of anticipation swelled within him.

“The Old Fisherman is in place. Will the Sage come?”

Based on past experiences, Li Fan was almost certain of the answer.

The faint aura emitted by the Heavenly Doctor’s statue alone was enough to attract the Sage. With the addition of the Old Fisherman, an old acquaintance, the Sage had no reason not to appear.

Moreover, the timing perfectly aligned with the Sage’s expected arrival.

Li Fan was confident that his plan was coming to fruition.

“Next, I need to find a good spot to watch the show.”

Retrieving a gourd of fine wine from his storage ring, Li Fan gave it a gentle pat and entered the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace. After completing three trials with lightning speed, he stayed behind, sharing drinks and idle chatter with Senior Brother Qin.

While outwardly relaxed, Li Fan was silently awaiting the inevitable confrontation.

However, as time dragged on without the anticipated scene, Li Fan grew increasingly restless.

“Ha! Junior Brother, you’re quite insincere. Pretending to drink with me while your thoughts wander!”

“Tell me, which junior sister has caught your eye? Don’t worry, share it with me. If suitable, I’ll act as your matchmaker!”

“Of course, a senior sister isn’t out of the question either!”

Senior Brother Qin, half-drunk, burst into hearty laughter.

Li Fan was about to respond when the entire world suddenly shook violently. Senior Brother Qin, mid-drink, froze, trembling uncontrollably.

“Heavenly Doctor…”

All traces of drunkenness vanished as he ground his teeth in anger.

Boom!

Layers of illusions shattered, and when Li Fan reappeared at the gates of the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace, the first thing he saw was the confrontation between the Old Fisherman and the Heavenly Doctor.

Unlike in his previous life, the once thunderous wails and lamentations within the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace had subsided significantly, as if something was suppressing their outbursts of hatred and sorrow.

The Old Fisherman glared at the Heavenly Doctor, his body enveloped in surging black calamity energy. Yet, the Heavenly Calamity Sword fragment was nowhere in sight.

Though silent, the murderous intent in his eyes was unmistakable. For some reason, however, he refrained from attacking.

The Heavenly Doctor, on the other hand, appeared rather indifferent, even slightly amused.

“How interesting.”

“Tian Jue, have you regained your memory?” the Heavenly Doctor asked.

TL Note:- [Tian Jue can mean Heavenly absolute/extreme or even something more. Just wanted to give you guys some context as I didn't know if I should keep it as Tian Jue or go with english term of heaven's absolute, both are right of course. but knowing an context behind the name can always be a plus. Same goes for Heavenly Doctor named Tianyi]

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 599


rable

“Tian…”

“Jue…”

The old fisherman murmured these two words softly, his expression initially filled with confusion.

As he repeated them over and over, it seemed as though he recalled something, a faint light flickering in his clouded eyes.

“I am…”

“Tian Jue?”

As the fisherman’s memories gradually returned, the black fiendish aura already surging around him grew even thicker.

It became like a rolling black tide, spreading and raging outward.

However, all the fiendish aura instinctively avoided the Heavenly Doctor before it could even approach him. Between the two opposing figures, an expansive empty space was formed.

The Heavenly Doctor remained unmoved by the ominous aura. Observing Tian Jue’s still-dazed state, he showed a trace of surprise.

“Your memories haven’t returned? Then how…”

The Heavenly Doctor's eyes gleamed as he prepared to take action.

But suddenly, a distant voice reciting ancient scripture echoed through the air:

“Heaven’s law is solemn, observe the rules and follow the order.”

“I have obtained the dharma, spreading it to all beings.”

“Heaven’s law cannot be defied.”

The Heavenly Doctor’s expression finally shifted noticeably.

Narrowing his eyes, he turned to look in the direction of the voice.

“Moo!”

Without warning, a massive green ox the size of a small mountain appeared before him.

Its horns tilted upwards, and its four hooves moved swiftly, charging forward as if to crush the Heavenly Doctor in one blow.

“Beast!” The Heavenly Doctor snorted coldly.

He did not dodge but simply raised his right hand, where a glimmer of silver light appeared.

The silver light transformed into a fine thread, piercing the azure ox like lightning.

In an instant, the thread wove back and forth countless times, slicing through the ox entirely.

The green ox was reduced to countless unrecognizable fragments, yet it continued its forward momentum, scattering into the air.

“Condense!”

A furious shout rang out suddenly.

Moments later, the green ox that had been dismembered by the Heavenly Doctor miraculously reassembled, its original form emerging from the scattered remains.

Leaping above the Heavenly Doctor, it prepared to trample him underfoot.

Yet the Heavenly Doctor still did not evade.

Before the ox could touch him, its body suddenly shrank.

From a fully grown, robust beast, it became a newborn calf in the blink of an eye.

Finally, it dissolved into a wisp of energy, vanishing into the heavens and earth.

“Tianyu…” The Heavenly Doctor looked toward the direction from which the ox had come, a trace of amusement appearing on his face.

An ethereal figure with white hair and a hunched posture emerged at that moment.

“Sage!”

“Sage!”

With the arrival of the Tianyu, the previously cowering disciples of the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace seemed to find their backbone.

No longer fearful, they began to cheer fervently.

“Ah…”

Tianyu sighed softly, as though comforting them, and waved his wide sleeve.

The cries within the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace momentarily quieted. Only then did his gaze fall upon the Heavenly Doctor and Tian Jue.

Clap, clap, clap.

The Heavenly Doctor began to clap lightly.

“Well…”

“What a coincidence.”

Without looking at the two figures surrounding him, the Heavenly Doctor raised his head, as though searching for something, a thoughtful expression on his face.

“Heavenly Doctor!”

Finally, the Tianyu could no longer suppress his anger.

“You’ve been hiding all these years, and now you finally dare to show yourself?”

His voice was like thunder, filled with boundless rage, reverberating throughout the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace.

“Hmph.”

The Heavenly Doctor merely snorted coldly, offering no reply.

This dismissive attitude ignited the Tianyu fury.

“If that’s the case, then there’s nothing more to say. Prepare to die!”

“Tian Jue, why aren’t you acting yet?”

The Old Fisherman was still in a state of confusion at this moment.

However, as the Sage roared in anger, the two of them worked together seamlessly, as if they were old comrades-in-arms with years of experience.

In perfect coordination, the next moment, the Heavenly Calamity Sword was drawn with a resonant clang.

Even though it was merely a broken sword, an overwhelming aura of murderous intent surged continuously from it, coalescing and refusing to dissipate, taking the form of a sword.

From deep within the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace, a massive tremor reverberated.

The Turtle-Serpent Taiyi let out a painful wail as the hilt of the Heavenly Calamity Sword, feeling the call of its master, began to struggle free from the Turtle-Serpent's body.

At that moment, an azure brilliance enveloped the entirety of the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace.

A giant blue hand emerged, pressing the restless hilt of the Heavenly Calamity Sword back into place.

The Taiyi once again let out an earth-shaking howl of agony.

Then, as if suppressed, its cries grew quieter and quieter until it fell into slumber once more.

"Grandmaster Hanhai?"

From various corners of the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace, astonished exclamations could faintly be heard.

"At least someone here is still clear-headed," the Heavenly Doctor commented coldly.

In the next moment, the azure ocean in the sky rapidly contracted, condensing into a flickering phantom that seemed as though it could shatter at any moment.

The figure appeared before the three—Heavenly Doctor, Sage, and the Old Fisherman.

"Greetings, esteemed ones," the figure said with neither arrogance nor servility.

"Hanhai, what is the meaning of this?"

Suppressing his anger, Tianyu asked in a low voice upon noticing Hanhai's strange attitude.

"The culprit is right in front of us. With the blood feud of the past, why not exact our revenge now?"

"Master Sage is right—blood debts must indeed be repaid in blood. But…"

Hanhai did not look at the Heavenly Doctor but instead turned to the Old Fisherman, who still seemed somewhat bewildered while holding the sword.

"The one who slaughtered the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace back then was not the Heavenly Doctor."

"It was Tian Jue!"

His words carried a raging resentment, and Hanhai's azure phantom trembled violently.

His furious gaze locked onto the other party as if tumultuous waves churned within him.

"Hmm?" Tianyu was slightly stunned, then shook his head and sighed.

"Hanhai, in the end, you cannot escape the effects of time. Has even your memory of that day become muddled?"

"The butcher who exploited the vulnerability of our rear defenses and massacred every major sect—is it not this traitor before us?"

Tianyu's gaze bore into the Heavenly Doctor, and the flames of hatred reignited in his eyes.

"One person may err. But could the countless souls who perished on that day all be mistaken?"

Hanhai shook his head resolutely and said, "I do not know about other sects; they are unrelated to me.

"But the one who destroyed my Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace was undoubtedly Venerable Tian Jue!"

He spoke with absolute certainty.

"Though his appearance matched that of the Heavenly Doctor, and even his aura was identical…"

"His ruthless, annihilative actions and his cold, emotionless demeanor could never have been mimicked by the Heavenly Doctor."

"Most importantly, the weapon used in the massacre was none other than the hilt of the Heavenly Calamity Sword, now sealed within Taiyi."

"The Heavenly Calamity, a weapon of unparalleled power, can only be wielded by Venerable Tian Jue."

These words made even the Sage hesitate. He turned his head to glance at Tian Jue.

It seemed Hanhai's words had stirred something buried deep within Tian Jue's mind.

He stared blankly at his own hands.

After a long while, he suddenly spoke.

"Yes, it was me who did it…"

"What!" The Sage's hunched figure straightened instantly as he stared incredulously at the Old Fisherman, who had just confessed.

TL Note: [Hey guys, a reminder again to remember as they might be useful in future chapters that all of these name in original is Tianyi→ Heavenly Doctor, Tian Jue→ Heaven's Absolute/?, Tianyu→ Heavenly Edict/Mandate/Decree, Hanhai→ Vast Ocean. Some things and terms might change name in the future or may even be wrong, but I'll keep you all updated whenever a change might occur]

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 600


It felt like falling into a nightmare, unable to escape.

Tian Jue's entire body trembled uncontrollably.

"That's right, I killed them all!"

"Qin Tang, Xiao Chong, Fu Yun..."

"I killed them all!"

Even the wise Sage seemed unable to process this answer for a moment.

"Why...?" he asked, dazed.

At that moment, Tian Jue's expression suddenly shifted.

"No..."

"That's not right!""It wasn't me at all!"

Tian Jue lifted his head abruptly, glaring at Heavenly Doctor with hatred.

"It’s all your doing!"

"All those memories in my mind—they're fake!"

"Ever since that day I met you, everything has been strange!"

"Everything spiraled out of control..."

Pointing the Heavenly Calamity Sword directly at Heavenly Doctor, Tian Jue demanded:

"Was it you?"

Facing Tian Jue's accusations, Heavenly Doctor's expression remained unchanged.

"I thought you'd have improved this time."

"Turns out, you're still the same as ever."

He shook his head slightly, a trace of regret in his voice.

"What do you mean?" Tianyu noticed a peculiar undertone in Tian Yi's words and asked sharply.

Heavenly Doctor didn’t answer but continued speaking to himself.

"I’ve explained this to you countless times. Sometimes, even what you see with your own eyes might not be real."

As he spoke, he somehow produced a set of nine silver needles, arranging them mid-air.

"Everyone seems so eager to kill me."

"Well, I have no choice but to resolve things my way."

Seeing the nine silver needles in Heavenly Doctor’s hands, Tianyu's expression grew darker.

Without waiting for further explanation, Tianyu acted decisively.

"The law cannot be defied!"

"Bind!"

It was as if an invisible force wrapped around Heavenly Doctor’s body, causing his movements with the silver needles to pause slightly.

"Weaken! Injure! Seal! Cripple! Damage!"

One by one, these words left Tianyu’s mouth, each further slowing Heavenly Doctor's actions.

Meanwhile, the Old Fisherman, his eyes glowing red, gripped the Heavenly Calamity Sword tightly. His body turned into a cloud of black murderous intent, merging with the sword.

Like a sharp arrow, it pierced straight toward Heavenly Doctor.

Bound by Tianyu, Heavenly Doctor seemed utterly powerless, unable to resist.

In an instant, the black sword energy pierced through Heavenly Doctor’s chest.

The black aura surged like a raging tide, engulfing Heavenly Doctor entirely.

In no time, the previously calm Heavenly Doctor vanished from the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace.

"Is Heavenly Doctor dead?"

Watching from the shadows, Zhou Qingang was stunned.

The battle between Heavenly Doctor, Tianyu, and Tian Jue had produced no residual shockwaves.

For now, his clone observing in secret remained safe.

But the scene unfolding before him was far beyond his expectations.

He had thought Heavenly Doctor, with his formidable power, would at least put up a fight. Instead, he was struck down instantly by Tianyu and Tian Jue’s joint assault...

"With his power, how could he fall so easily?"

"Wait..."

A sudden realization hit Li Fan as he looked to the sky.

The Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace trembled violently.

Two dark clouds appeared in the sky above.

When he saw what they were, Li Fan’s breath caught.

They were giant hands, piercing through the heavens, descending upon the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace.

Sage and the Fisherman were both shocked, staring up at the hands with dread.

They tried to resist, but their bodies were immobilized.

Terror spread across their faces.

"Don’t worry; this procedure will be over quickly."

A booming voice from above—Heavenly Doctor’s voice—reverberated across the heavens.

Li Fan’s heart raced, his mind nearly frozen.

It was clear now—the figure that Tianyu and the Fisherman had confronted was merely a statue of Heavenly Doctor.

And these giant hands were Heavenly Doctor’s true form!

In the face of these colossal hands, even the powerful Tian Jue and Sage seemed like insects on an operating table, utterly helpless.

The hands seized them, suspending them in mid-air.

The nine silver needles from the statue now floated toward the hands, initiating "treatment."

Watching from afar, Li Fan felt an uncontrollable chill.

"Heavenly Doctor... What on earth is he?"

The overwhelming strength Heavenly Doctor displayed far surpassed Li Fan’s estimations.

Even if he wasn’t at the Longevity Immortal Realm, he was not far from it.

Li Fan immediately considered abandoning his clone to avoid Heavenly Doctor tracing it back to his true body.

But then he realized...

No, Heavenly Doctor has obviously discovered that someone is plotting this behind his back, not insignificant ants observing from the sidelines.

However, if the clone suddenly disappeared now, it would be too obvious and might draw attention instead.

Caught in a mental battle, Li Fan chose to gamble.

He watched the "surgery" with bated breath, hoping Heavenly Doctor still adhered to human logic and wouldn’t overthink.

From Li Fan's current perspective, he still couldn't discern the reason.

He only felt silver light scattering, and the angry curses from Tianyu and Tian Jue gradually grew weaker.

Finally, as if sinking into a deep sleep, becoming almost inaudible.

As the surgery concluded, the Fisherman reverted to his confused, memory-lost state, wandering off.

The Sage, meanwhile, resumed his scholarly demeanor, disappearing with his ox cart.

After completing everything, the two giant hands retracted the silver needles.

Gently pressing down.

The Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace, which had been filled with wailing sounds just moments before, instantly fell silent.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 601


"Almost there."

"Just a little longer."

As the Heavenly Doctor muttered softly, all the strange phenomena in Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace, including the vast sea, instantly returned to their original state. It was as if they had remained undisturbed for millions of years, unchanged and untouched.

In that fleeting moment, every cultivator adventuring within Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace, including Li Fan’s clone, was reduced to dust under the light press of the Heavenly Doctor’s hands, leaving no trace behind.

There was no room for resistance.

In fact, Li Fan’s clone, Zhou Qingang, never even realized how he had died.

Li Fan, in his true body, only felt the connection to his clone sever instantly as the Heavenly Doctor's massive hands pressed down.

"True destruction—unconcerned with you or your cause."

"Hah." Losing his clone, Li Fan took a deep breath, feeling a peculiar sense of relief.

"It seems my gamble was right. Even someone as powerful as the Heavenly Doctor would never guess that the ant he just crushed underfoot was secretly plotting against him."However, Li Fan’s expression remained solemn.

The Heavenly Doctor’s strength, displayed during this confrontation, was beyond comprehension.

In Li Fan's original plan, even though the Fisherman was half-mad and forgetful and the Sage was weakened after transforming into an anomaly, their combined effort should have caused some trouble for the Heavenly Doctor.

But the reality was starkly different.

The gap between the two and the Heavenly Doctor was as vast as the gap between Li Fan and them—a difference spanning several major realms.

They were no match for him.

Li Fan’s calculated attempt to trouble the Heavenly Doctor turned into a self-humiliating joke.

Even though the Fisherman and the Sage were top-tier powers beneath the Longevity Immortal Realm, they were effortlessly manipulated like insects in the hands of the Heavenly Doctor.

Such overwhelming power...

"Could it be that Heavenly Doctor has already ascended to the Longevity Immortal Realm?"

Li Fan couldn't help but entertain this thought.

Otherwise, there was no way to explain the Heavenly Doctor’s unparalleled strength.

"What laws is he defying?"

"Silently, unnoticed by others. Could it be that he’s the one controlling the laws of life and death—the very one who caused Lan Yu's failure in achieving the Dao?"

"And what exactly is the relationship between the Heavenly Doctor and the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance?"

"Come to think of it, I’ve never seen the Heavenly Doctor act on behalf of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance—not even during the fiercest battles between Mysterious Net and the resistance cultivators in my previous life..."

Questions upon questions flooded Li Fan's mind in an instant.

Originally, Li Fan thought he could at least uncover some of the Heavenly Doctor’s secrets this time.

But the more he learned, the more he realized how unfathomable this person was.

"Unless I reach the Dao Integration Realm, I’d best avoid provoking him."

Li Fan sighed and reluctantly made his decision.

Even with the rare treasure [Truth] in his possession, the overwhelming disparity in strength left him no choice but to retreat for now.

Otherwise, walking this perilous path repeatedly would eventually expose him to danger—and luck wouldn't always be on his side.

Suppressing his frustration and doubts, Li Fan calmed himself after half a day.

He began reflecting on the observations his clone had made in Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace.

"Tianyi, Tian Jue, Tianyu..."

"All of them start with 'Tian' and seem to be old acquaintances. The people in Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace even call them all 'Venerable Ones.'"

"It's evident they share a common origin."

"The Xuantian Sect?"

Based on the clues he had, Li Fan instinctively drew this conclusion.

Yet, something about it didn’t feel right.

In the illusion created by Senior Sister Zhao, Li Fan had discussed the ancient Xuantian Sect—a massive force that once ruled the Xuanhuang Realm.

The Xuantian Sect usurped the Heavenly Mandate, claimed the power of the heavens, and suppressed all living beings.

The leaders of the sect often bore titles like "Heavenly King" or "Dharma King."

But the Heavenly Doctor and his companions seemed to revere the heavens themselves.

Those who were following the Sage and reading were repeating words such as "The laws of the heavens are strict; rules must be obeyed," and "The laws of the heavens cannot be defied."

This didn’t align with what Li Fan knew of the Xuantian Sect.

"With their level of cultivation, they couldn’t have appeared out of thin air without leaving traces."

"Just who are they?"

Li Fan fell into deep contemplation.

---

The events within Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace were earth-shattering, yet the surrounding Congyun Sea remained eerily unaware.

Other than the mysterious disappearance of the recently revealed Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace ruins, nothing else seemed to have impacted the Congyun Sea.

However, the Xuanhuang Realm’s top-tier powers extended beyond just the Heavenly Doctor.

Ordinary cultivators might not notice anything, but the Five Elders Association’s Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns must have sensed something.

As Li Fan gathered scattered pieces of overlooked information, he began to uncover hints.

For instance, after the war in Tianling Prefecture, the Five Elders Association recalled all their cultivators stationed in border regions.

Within days, every cultivator had been withdrawn, suggesting they had no intention of engaging in war anytime soon.

Then, surprisingly, the Five Elders Association sent envoys to propose a "friendly exchange" with the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

They claimed the prolonged estrangement had led to mutual unfamiliarity and suggested this rare post-war opportunity to foster understanding.

While the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had yet to respond officially, the Five Elders Association’s unusual gesture sparked curiosity.

After all, the Five Elders Association, boasting five Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns, had always been domineering. Reason and diplomacy were not their style.

For them to suddenly suggest easing tensions and promoting cooperation?

Some uninformed cultivators thought the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s victory in the Tianling Prefecture had forced the Five Elders Association into submission.

But Li Fan believed otherwise.

This shift undoubtedly stemmed from the Heavenly Doctor’s actions, which the Five Heavenly Sovereigns must have noticed.

"Perhaps the previous war was also a probe to see if the Immortal Ancestor was still present."

"While they failed to draw out the Immortal Ancestor, they exposed the Heavenly Doctor instead."

"Could it be that the Five Elders Association is wary of the Heavenly Doctor because he’s truly in the Longevity Immortal Realm?"

Li Fan remained uncertain.

From his limited understanding of the Longevity Immortal Realm, such beings defy the natural order and become part of the heavens themselves.

Their connection to the "Heavenly Dao" should be unmistakably distinct—vastly different from ordinary cultivators.

But every encounter with the Heavenly Doctor lacked any trace of the "Heavenly Dao."

Instead, his human aura remained unmistakably vivid.

"Simply put, the Heavenly Doctor doesn’t yet seem like a Longevity Immortal Realm cultivator."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 602


In the past, when Li Fan was traveling through the Five Elders Association and the illusionary realm shattered, he briefly confronted Senior Sister Zhao. In that fleeting moment, he felt a chilling sense of facing the vast heavens and earth.

The Heavenly Doctor was indeed powerful, but he did not evoke the same feeling in Li Fan.

Even the giant hand that instantly suppressed the Fisherman and the Sage merely made Li Fan sense its overwhelming strength, but not a fundamental transformation.

This was an instinctive feeling in the heart of a cultivator—profound and indescribable.

But deep down, Li Fan believed it was likely true.

"No matter if the Heavenly Doctor has reached the Longevity Immortal Realm or not, he has displayed actual combat strength that could intimidate someone of that level."

"In front of such a cultivator, no matter how many expendable troops are sent, it would be meaningless."

"The five Heavenly Sovereigns definitely won’t act personally, which is why the war was halted."

Li Fan mused thoughtfully.

Recalling the Heavenly Doctor's appearance, he considered how it might influence the trajectory of the Xuanhuang Realm's history.Suddenly, a formless killing intent that had been monitoring for a long time without results finally responded.

"Hmm?"

Li Fan’s attention shifted instantly across millions of miles, landing on Master Yin of Yin Yin Island in the Congyun Sea.

After studying the barrier between mortals and immortals for a long time, it seemed he had finally discovered something.

At this moment, Master Yin had collapsed to the ground, bewildered and helpless.

"No, no, no! I must be mistaken."

"This is absolutely impossible!"

Master Yin's face was full of unconcealable terror.

It was as if he had uncovered a truth he could not accept, frantically pulling at his hair in a desperate attempt to calm himself.

"No, no, no!"

But he couldn’t control himself.

Whatever he had discovered had deeply shaken his worldview, driving him to the brink of madness.

He repeatedly banged his head on the ground, ignoring the blood streaming from his forehead.

After an indeterminate time, his face was bloodied and unrecognizable, making it impossible to discern his expression.

"It must be a mistake. There’s no way someone like this exists in the world."

"And he couldn’t possibly be such a person!"

"Let’s try again!"

As if clinging to a sliver of hope, Master Yin quickly stood up, not even bothering to wipe the blood from his face.

He once again released several mortal test subjects, extracting the barrier from their bodies for further research.

...

"This Master Yin, erratic and deranged—what exactly did he discover?"

Li Fan frowned.

"Another enigmatic person."

"Why not directly search his soul to find out?"

A flash of malice appeared in Li Fan’s eyes but was quickly suppressed.

Although Master Yin seemed to possess only Foundation Establishment cultivation on the surface, there was something unusual about him.

Li Fan couldn’t entirely rule out the possibility that he was feigning weakness. Forcibly searching his soul might even backfire.

"Patience!"

The Xuanhuang Realm was fraught with danger, with too many hidden powerhouses.

Recently battered by both Ruomu and the Heavenly Doctor, Li Fan took a deep breath to calm his restless heart.

"Continue monitoring. Hopefully, before he self-destructs, we can glimpse the truth."

In the following days, Li Fan focused on re-refining his clone.

For this, he even returned to the seabed of Congyun Sea to retrieve the coffin where Zhou Qingang was buried.

Looking at Zhou Qingang, still trapped in a dreamlike slumber with a faint smile on his face, Li Fan snorted coldly.

"Knowing nothing might be a form of happiness."

This time, Li Fan extracted more essence blood and replenished the stone coffin with spiritual stones to sustain Zhou Qingang's vitality.

Only then did he bury the coffin again.

With practiced ease, he crafted a new clone.

However, the items the previous clone had carried were all reduced to ashes.

Returning to Congyun City would inevitably bring some minor troubles, but they were trivial and wouldn’t affect the overall plan.

As the clone returned to Congyun City, Li Fan’s main body stood above the sea, gazing at the sky.

The Heaven and Earth Divination Dice floated in his hand, its light and shadows shifting.

Before long, Li Fan gained clarity.

"Just as predicted, the date for the Crimson Flame’s descent seems to be moving up significantly."

"…"

"The Heavenly-ranked beings?"

Li Fan pondered for a long while before shaking his head with a sigh.

"Coming sooner might be better—to burn all traces clean."

"As for whether to release Ink Death again…"

He recalled his earlier plans regarding Tianyang Zhenren.

"I’ll ask him when the time comes."

"Whether he remains at Soul Transformation forever or takes a gamble at Dao Integration, let him choose."

"However, given his temperament of 'never being weaker than others,’ he’ll likely choose the latter."

After a while, Li Fan’s thoughts paused.

"I once believed that after refining the Crimson Flame and succeeding in Dao Integration, facing Ink Death would still be a hopeless situation."

"But Tianyang is somewhat unique. He has already died once."

"His current form is more like a puppet infused with a trace of Tianyang’s will than a true living being."

"He might have a chance to escape with his life."

"Ink Death's previous world-ending attacks were confined to the Congyun Sea region. If he flees far enough…"

The thought of having a Dao Integration-level ally greatly tempted Li Fan.

Previously, he viewed Ink Death as an almost invincible force.

But after witnessing the true strength of the Heavenly Doctor, this belief began to waver.

The Heavenly Calamity Remnant Sword had been able to battle Ink Death for a long time during the latter’s apocalyptic rampages.

This suggested that Ink Death was not entirely unbeatable.

"It’s worth a try."

"Even failure wouldn’t cost much."

Having made his decision, Li Fan calculated the timeline—it had already been 15 years since anchoring.

The Crimson Flame would soon descend, and preparations needed to be made.

"15 years anchored…"

A sudden thought struck Li Fan. After a moment of contemplation, he took out a communication talisman to contact Jiao Xiuyuan.

Unexpectedly, Jiao Xiuyuan refused the call.

After a moment, Li Fan tried again.

Jiao Xiuyuan refused once more.

Li Fan was not annoyed and persisted.

After six attempts, Jiao Xiuyuan finally accepted the transmission.

"Hmph, Daoist Jiao have you risen so high lately that you no longer recognize old friends?" Li Fan snorted coldly.

"Not at all! Not at all! I was just busy with something important and couldn’t step away!" Jiao Xiuyuan replied with grievance.

"Daoist Jiao, your excuse is rather clumsy. Who doesn’t know that you have thousands of incarnations? One is busy—are all of them?"

"You’re truly insightful, Daoist! How did you know I was about to break through?" Jiao Xiuyuan asked in surprise.

Li Fan fell silent.

"Haha, but this advancement is proving to be much harder than expected. Without additional opportunities, I fear it will be delayed for a long time," Jiao Xiuyuan said regretfully.

"Oh? Why is that?" Li Fan asked casually.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 603


"My Dao lies in [Commerce]. It lies in [Profit]."

Jiao Xiuyuan spoke with a touch of emotion:

"In this world, all things flow for profit. The path of commerce flourishes abundantly across the mortal realm."

"Thus, I create countless puppets, observe the gains and losses of the human world, and cultivate through this process."

"At the beginning, the accumulation of wealth is always extremely rapid. It’s almost like climbing a staircase daily, and my cultivation realm also advanced step by step alongside it."

"But upon reaching a certain level, the expansion of [Qianli Hall] slowed significantly."

"My cultivation stalled for a long time. Originally, I thought I could rely on the insights from this massive profit to make a breakthrough in one go. Yet, it turns out, I’m still lacking a spark."

"The saying ‘Seeing the mountain but exhausting the horse’ comes to mind. What seemed within reach was actually separated by countless mountains and valleys."

Li Fan listened to Jiao Xiuyuan’s lament and recalled the immense gap he recently witnessed between those in the Dao Integration Realm and the Longevity Immortal Realm.

He couldn’t help but silently acknowledge and nod slightly.At this moment, Jiao Xiuyuan continued,

"Moreover, I’ve found that the path of commerce, at my current level, is now constrained on all sides and fraught with difficulties. Moving further forward has become incredibly challenging."

Before Li Fan could ask, Jiao Xiuyuan answered his unspoken question:

"Take, for example, the last incident with the Samantabhadra True Leaf. Under ideal conditions, we could have profited even more. From a purely commercial perspective, the price of Samantabhadra True Leaf had already soared to the heavens. The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, controlling the Five Elements Great Cave Heaven, had an abundance of Samantabhadra True Leaf. They could have capitalized on the market, yet they abruptly issued an edict that reset everything to its original state."

"They claimed it was for stability, but wasn’t it ultimately for their own benefit?" Jiao Xiuyuan muttered.

Li Fan, upon hearing this, seemed contemplative.

"Daoist Jiao, your meaning is that profit must always be earned from others. Upon reaching a certain point, further advancement inevitably leads to conflict with others."

"Exactly!" Jiao Xiuyuan praised.

"If the opposition is weak, one can easily crush them. But if the opponent is a formidable wall, charging head-on will only result in a bloody head."

"At that point, one has no choice but to take a detour around the wall."

"Yet, this world is ultimately under the rule of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association. Breaking free from these constraints is easier said than done."

"Dancing with shackles on, naturally, is a hundred times harder."

Li Fan laughed lightly after hearing this.

"In that case, Daoist, the fault doesn’t lie with you but with this world!"

"To be constrained at every turn is truly dissatisfying. Daoist Jiao, why not join me in overthrowing the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and recreating the heavens and earth? What do you say?"

Jiao Xiuyuan fell silent abruptly.

He looked at Li Fan with a peculiar gaze.

For a moment, a strange silence enveloped the two of them.

"Haha, Daoist, you must be joking."

"Haha, just a joke. Daoist Jiao, you didn’t take it seriously, did you?"

After a moment, they both spoke at the same time, exchanging glances before mutually moving past the topic.

"Speaking of which, Daoist, what do you believe your path would look like at its extreme?" Li Fan asked.

Jiao Xiuyuan pondered for a moment before answering slowly,

"The world’s wealth has a finite total. The rich grow richer, and the poor remain poor."

"If I continue to profit, the world’s wealth will flow continuously toward me. Then one day..."

"Perhaps my wealth alone will exceed that of everyone else combined."

Jiao Xiuyuan’s eyes gleamed with longing.

To his surprise, Li Fan chuckled lightly after hearing this.

Jiao Xiuyuan raised an eyebrow. "What is it? Does Daoist have a different opinion?"

"Too small. Your vision is too small. I thought Daoist Jiao was among the most brilliant minds in the world, yet..." Li Fan shook his head slightly, his tone filled with regret.

"Hmm?" A trace of gloom flashed in Jiao Xiuyuan’s eyes.

"If it’s truly the extreme, why would anyone else in the world still possess wealth?" Li Fan smiled faintly.

"Shouldn’t it be that all things in the world belong to you, Daoist, and everyone else owes you?"

"Daoist must understand that the total sum of worldly wealth is finite. But..."

Li Fan’s tone turned chilling.

"What others owe you has no limit."

"Billions, trillions—it can be endlessly accumulated."

"Not just in this lifetime, but in life after life, for endless descendants, they would labor eternally to repay their debts to you, Daoist!"

Li Fan’s words were like thunder, instantly striking Jiao Xiuyuan.

The gloom in his eyes dissipated immediately, replaced by shock.

"Could it... could it really be possible?"

Li Fan’s words seemed to open up an entirely new world for him.

First, his eyes showed confusion, but soon they grew brighter and brighter, filled with exhilaration.

Before long, as though he had achieved enlightenment, he exclaimed:

"Indeed, indeed!"

"Profit in one moment or one lifetime is ultimately limited."

"But time is infinite. If I spread my goal across the river of time..."

Jiao Xiuyuan became immersed in his vision, his eyes shining brightly.

"Daoist Li Fan, is this the future path you have deduced for me?"

After a long while, he finally returned to his senses and looked at Li Fan.

Li Fan shook his head.

"I dare not claim to guide. It’s merely a glimpse of a possible future that I happened upon during my daily deductions."

"In my heart, I felt it might benefit Daoist Jiao’s path, so I remembered it."

"Upon meeting you today, I thought to share it with you."

"Daoist Jiao, I hope you don’t find my thoughts absurd!"

Jiao Xiuyuan’s eyes flickered.

"Daoist Li Fan, your ability to deduce is truly astonishing. To foresee such a peculiar future..."

"However, Daoist, you came to me today and pointed this out to me..."

He looked at Li Fan, puzzled.

Li Fan smiled.

"I said you’d prosper and forget old friends, and you still deny it."

"Daoist, could it be you’ve forgotten the commission I gave you earlier?"

Jiao Xiuyuan froze briefly before realizing.

"You mean..."

"Given your cultivation, it’s naturally impossible to forget. But since you’ve not replied for so long, there must be some unspeakable difficulty. Still, this matter is important to me, so I can only thicken my face and trouble you again!" Li Fan cupped his hand and said with solemnity.

Jiao Xiuyuan stared at Li Fan, his expression changing rapidly.

Five years ago, he had promised Li Fan to investigate the identity of an ancient cultivator whose traces were sought after by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance as they excavated the ruins of ancient sects.

He had indeed taken on the task.

At first, he didn’t take it seriously, intending to find some casual information to report back.

However, to his surprise, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, known for leaking secrets like a sieve, had carried out this secrecy effort with extraordinary thoroughness.

Even with his capabilities, it had taken him nearly two years to find nothing of value.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 604


Jiao Xiuyuan was genuinely intrigued this time.

News meant opportunities—potential breakthroughs.

He poured tremendous effort into infiltrating and persuading people, spending an incalculable amount of money. However, no cultivator was willing to disclose even a single detail.

Some subtly indicated that this matter was far more significant than anything else before.

"If any of this leaks, you might live to know it but not to enjoy its rewards."

Despite his reluctance, Jiao Xiuyuan had no choice but to abandon the endeavor.

With no results, there was naturally no response to send to Li Fan.

Yet, just as he was about to let the matter fade from his mind, an unexpected turn of events occurred.

Not long after the end of the Great Battle in the Tianling Prefecture, a previously tight-lipped cultivator who had sworn to keep the secret suddenly contacted him in private.

Jiao Xiuyuan was surprised. The person confessed directly: "Things have changed. The current situation isn't what it used to be."

The confidentiality level of the matter had been downgraded by several levels, but of course, a reward was still expected.

Jiao Xiuyuan paid a hefty price, one that even made him feel the pinch, to acquire this piece of secret information.

The revelation left him both shocked and impressed.

Such information couldn’t just be handed over to Li Fan for free.

Furthermore, Jiao Xiuyuan doubted Li Fan could afford to pay the price for this classified intel.

Thus, he chose to let the matter rest.

Until today, when Li Fan sought him out personally.

“The future of ultimate creations…”

“That’s sufficient.”

In an instant, countless thoughts flashed through Jiao Xiuyuan’s mind.

Finally, he made a decision.

"Ah, my memory is failing me—I almost forgot!" Jiao Xiuyuan exclaimed, patting his forehead.

"Honestly, what you asked me to investigate is truly a top secret of the Immortal Alliance. Even if someone else offered a huge contribution, I wouldn’t have disclosed a thing."

"But…"

Jiao Xiuyuan sized up Li Fan and said, "What’s our relationship? We’ve made money together!"

"And with today’s guidance, how could I refuse?" Jiao Xiuyuan emphasized his words.

"I don’t mind telling you for free."

"But this isn’t something I can discuss over a talisman message. If you're truly interested, come see me at the nearest Qianli Hall."

Li Fan’s eyes narrowed slightly.

It seemed this matter was indeed extraordinary. Jiao Xiuyuan was being extremely cautious.

With that, he nodded and ended the communication.

After thinking it over, he decided to return to the Congyun Sea through the teleportation formation.

At a Qianli Hall shop in Immortal City of the Congyun Sea, he met Jiao Xiuyuan.

There weren’t many customers, and after sending them all away, Jiao Xiuyuan locked the doors and seemed to set up a barrier around them before beginning to speak.

"Do you know the Xuantian Sect?"

Jiao Xiuyuan started with a shocking question.

Li Fan’s eyes flickered, and he nodded slightly.

"An ancient cult—everyone seeks its destruction."

Although the Xuantian Sect was no longer known to the world, Li Fan, as a cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, was naturally aware of its existence.

Jiao Xiuyuan wasn’t surprised by his answer and continued:

"This time, the Immortal Alliance discovered an ancient slumbering cultivator, who happens to be one of the Twelve Dharma Kings of the Xuantian Sect."

"What?"

A spark of light flashed in Li Fan’s eyes.

"A Dharma King of the Xuantian Sect? Still alive?" he asked in surprise.

"Indeed. I was shocked when I learned of it too. This individual has managed to survive across several eras..."

"Considering they once unified the Xuanhuang Realm, they indeed had some remarkable abilities," Jiao Xiuyuan sighed.

Li Fan fell into deep thought.

According to earlier intelligence from the Five Elders Association, this ancient cultivator had been excavated from the ruins of the Purple Heaven Sect by the Immortal Alliance.

However, the exact identity of this figure was unclear.

Moreover, this person seemed critical to the Five Elders Association, prompting them to seek Li Fan’s help in investigating.

Originally, Li Fan thought the individual might be connected to Zhang Qianmo, but he hadn’t expected it to be a remnant of the Xuantian Sect.

Why was a Dharma King of the Xuantian Sect hiding in the Purple Heaven Sect?

Li Fan was puzzled.

"Wait…"

Something clicked in Li Fan’s mind, and his gaze sharpened.

In the illusion realm of the Fallen Immortal Realm, during the quest for the Longevity Fruit in Ningyuan, Li Fan had learned from Song Hesong, the city steward.

About 200 years ago, during the Purple Heaven Sect’s centennial celebration, the Ten Great Immortal Sects had sent envoys to investigate a wanted criminal hiding within the Purple Heaven Sect.

The outcome of the investigation was inconclusive—they merely apprehended an inner disciple as a scapegoat.

"Could it be that the one hiding within the Purple Heaven Sect back then was this Dharma King of the Xuantian Sect?

"And the Ten Great Immortal Sects failed to locate them, instead capturing a decoy?"

Realizing this, Li Fan was shaken.

Meanwhile, Jiao Xiuyuan observed the subtle changes in Li Fan’s expression and continued:

"The reason the Immortal Alliance went to such great lengths, digging through ruins to find this Dharma King, is related to the Xuantian Sealing Spirit Formation."

Jiao Xiuyuan paused, studying Li Fan’s reaction before continuing:

"The details aren’t clear, but it seems this Dharma King is an essential component for maintaining the formation."

"At the time, the Immortal Alliance was preparing for war with the Five Elders Association. They placed all their hopes of victory on the Xuantian Sealing Spirit Formation."

"Naturally, they guarded the Dharma King closely, not allowing any room for error."

"But strangely, despite their precautions, the information leaked."

"This ultimate weapon was quickly countered by the Five Elders Association in a very short time."

"Given the formation's complexity, it’s highly unusual. If there wasn’t an inside informant, who would believe it?"

"With the formation’s intricacy, even a figure like the Immortal Ancestor might not have cracked it so swiftly without prior knowledge."

Jiao Xiuyuan sighed, "And yet, the insider remains hidden. Despite extensive purges within the Immortal Alliance, they’ve yet to be found. Isn’t that peculiar?"

"Indeed," Li Fan agreed, his expression calm but slightly amazed.

"It makes me wonder—could someone within the Immortal Alliance have deliberately leaked the formation’s details to prevent a one-sided war?" Li Fan suggested.

"That’s unlikely. Too far-fetched…" Jiao Xiuyuan began, then froze.

"Although... maybe not impossible," he muttered after a long pause, his face turning serious.

Li Fan was left speechless for a moment.

"By the way, what’s the name and appearance of this Dharma King from the Xuantian Sect?"

"The Purple Heaven Sect…"

"I knew many of their members back in the day," Li Fan inquired.

Jiao Xiuyuan, still lost in thought, replied absentmindedly, "Oh, he shares your family name."

"I think he’s called…"

"Li Chen?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 605


“Li Chen?!”

In an instant, the image of a frail, scholarly young man flashed through Li Fan’s mind.

“He’s actually the secretly hidden Dharma King of the Xuantian Sect? How is this even possible?”

Li Fan was utterly shaken.

This Li Chen was none other than the person whose body Li Fan had possessed during the Fallen Immortal Realm’s Ningyuan Longevity Fruit incident.

An inner disciple of the Purple Heaven Sect and junior brother to Zhang Qianmo!

But...

Li Fan had entered the Fallen Immortal Realm and replaced him many times.

Li Fan knew every single detail of Li Chen’s memories as if they were his own.

Li Chen was just a boy from a humble mountain village. Due to his exceptional talent in cultivation, he was accepted into the Purple Heaven Sect.There was absolutely no trace of any memory connected to the Dharma King of the ancient Xuantian Sect.

“There are three possible explanations. One, the Dharma King is merely a remnant spirit residing within Li Chen’s body. When the Fallen Immortal cast its final glance, reflecting all beings and objects in the world, only the original self of creatures was replicated in the Fallen Immortal Realm. Any other foreign existence in the body would not have been restored.”

“Two, during the Ningyuan Longevity Fruit event, the Dharma King had not yet occupied Li Chen’s body. It wasn’t until Li Chen was gravely injured and brought back to the sect by Zhang Qianmo that the Xuantian Sect’s Dharma King, hidden in the Purple Heaven Sect, took the opportunity to possess him.”

“Three, the Dharma King of the Xuantian Sect possesses unparalleled cultivation and hides his true nature deeply. Even the omniscient Fallen Immortal failed to uncover his secret.”

“Thus, what was recreated in the Fallen Immortal Realm was only a superficial form.”

...

After a thorough analysis, Li Fan deemed the third possibility to be unlikely.

If even a Dharma King on the verge of death could rival the Fallen Immortal in power, then the overall strength of the Xuantian Sect back in its prime would have been unimaginably terrifying.

The sect would not have been overthrown by the alliance of the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

“The Fallen Immortal Realm replicates the real world almost perfectly. Even the trajectory of spiritual energy and the operation of techniques can be mirrored. Residual spirits within the body would surely be detected by an immortal’s gaze.”

“So, the most plausible explanation is that after Li Chen fell unconscious, the Xuantian Sect’s Dharma King seized his body.”

“The Dharma King’s actual condition might also be quite poor—barely clinging to life. Having narrowly escaped the pursuit of the Ten Great Immortal Sects' envoys, he continued to hide within the Purple Heaven Sect. Over the years, he likely switched hosts multiple times until finally becoming Li Chen.”

Piecing together various pieces of information from different sources, Li Fan reconstructed a plausible truth.

Immediately, he felt a surge of excitement.

The Dharma King of the Xuantian Sect had existed since the ancient era of immortal cultivation.

The secrets he must know would be beyond measure.

If Li Fan could perform a soul-searching technique on him...

“This is absolutely worth trying.”

“When the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance discovered him, he was still in slumber, meaning his defenses are likely weak.”

“If I can control him, I could gain not only countless secrets and techniques but also a new identity in the Xuanhuang World. No more frequent disguises as a cultivator of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, which always leave flaws.”

Li Fan’s heart wavered slightly.

“However, I must not act carelessly,” he thought to himself.

“The Xuantian Sect once ruled the heavens, and its Dharma Kings were surely at the Longevity Immortal stage under the old system. Though this Dharma King must have been gravely injured during the Xuantian Sect's downfall and has been dormant for so many years, his strength must have diminished considerably.”

“Still, ancient titans like him—who knows what hidden trump cards they might have? I should send an clone to probe first.”

“It’s a gamble worth taking. No matter what, it won’t be more dangerous than scheming against the Heavenly Doctor.”

Countless thoughts raced through Li Fan’s mind in an instant.

Though his expression barely changed, the subtle shifts in his emotions were noticed by Jiao Xiuyuan.

With a peculiar look in his eyes, Jiao Xiuyuan couldn’t help but ask, “Could it be that you truly know this Li Chen?”

Li Fan shook his head slightly and quickly replied, “Acquaintance would be too strong a word. We’ve merely crossed paths a few times.”

“At the time, I thought he was just an ordinary disciple of the Purple Heaven Sect. Who would’ve thought…”

“You truly can’t judge a book by its cover!”

Li Fan sighed.

Jiao Xiuyuan could tell that Li Fan wasn’t being entirely truthful. But everyone has their secrets, and he had no intention of probing further.

“Ha.”

“Then, why is Fellow Daoist investigating the identity of this ancient cultivator in slumber?” Jiao Xiuyuan asked tentatively.

Li Fan cupped his hands and said, “I’m simply fulfilling someone else’s request.”

Jiao Xiuyuan nodded thoughtfully and said no more.

After a brief exchange of pleasantries, just before parting, Li Fan casually asked, “By the way, the small Medicine King Cauldrons I asked you to excavate earlier—are they still with you?”

“They’ve long been sold,” Jiao Xiuyuan replied.

“Back then, you didn’t seem to care about them at all. Why bring it up now?” he asked curiously.

“A sudden whim. Just thought I’d ask. Don’t overthink it,” Li Fan said with a mysterious smile, evading the question before turning to leave the Qianli Hall.

He left behind a puzzled Jiao Xiuyuan, standing in place with furrowed brows.

—

After leaving, Li Fan first returned to the Tianxuan Mirror to search for the small Medicine King Cauldrons.

According to Jiao Xiuyuan, when the Medicine King Sect’s ruins were sealed by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, everything valuable had been taken away.

Jiao Xiuyuan had only managed to excavate two of them.

But now, upon checking the marketplace, Li Fan found no fewer than seventeen small Medicine King Cauldrons for sale.

These clearly came from internal leaks within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Li Fan was already accustomed to such situations.

Without hesitation, he used his vast wealth to purchase every single small Medicine King Cauldron available.

This sudden action instantly attracted the attention of certain individuals.

“Fellow Daoist Li Fan, was it you who made the move?”

“What secret lies within these small Medicine King Cauldrons?”

“Have you deduced something again?”

Jiao Xiuyuan, who had just ended their conversation, hurriedly sent inquiries.

“Guess,” Li Fan replied with a smile and ignored the other man’s response.

Using the Sky-Shrouding Hand technique to conceal himself, Li Fan headed straight for Cangwu Prefecture.

He teleported relentlessly without pause.

Half a day later, he arrived at the Abyss of Cangwu.

After purchasing a guidebook for traversing the Abyss, he followed the paths remembered from his past life as Xiao Fan, moving downward step by step.

He passed through the Forest of Spirit Whispers and the Puppet Canyon to reach the Lost Mysterious City buried 100,000 feet underground.

After some effort, he finally located the future landing site of the true Medicine King Cauldron.

Yes, Li Fan planned to lie in wait here for the falling star to descend.

The true Medicine King Cauldron contained numerous cultivators of the Medicine King Sect who had been forcibly placed in suspended animation.

They were like lambs awaiting slaughter.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 606


The Immortal Ancestor had died.

When Qiao Sidao realized that he had been reborn into the ancient cultivation world—a time when the Ten Great Immortal Sects dominated the world and the new cultivation method had yet to emerge—a daring thought surfaced in his mind.

He would follow the Immortal Ancestor and become one of the earliest pioneers of the new way of cultivation!

At present, the Ten Great Immortal Sects were at their peak.

However, knowing the trajectory of the future, Qiao Sidao was keenly aware that their seemingly unshakable dominance would crumble before the sweeping tide of the new cultivation method.

It wouldn’t be long before the new cultivators—trained in a method that allowed them to plunder the heavens and earth, cultivating at an astonishing pace—would rise under the leadership of the Immortal Ancestor, They would crush the Ten Great Immortal Sects and establish the magnificent Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, destined to rule the Xuanhuang Realm for eons.

In such a grand revolution, the greatest merit lay in supporting the right leader.

If Qiao Sidao pledged his allegiance to the Immortal Ancestor before his rise, then when the Immortal Ancestor eventually ascended to the heavens, Qiao Sidao would undoubtedly secure a position within the supreme ruling body of the Alliance—the Dharma Transmission Council.

...

This was Qiao Sidao's vision.And it was exactly what he acted upon.

He abandoned the hard-earned identity of an inner disciple of the Seven Stars Sect, traversing mountains and rivers from the heart of the Immortal Lands to reach the remote wilderness of Congyun Marsh.

After years of patient waiting, the day finally arrived when the great Immortal Ancestor—no, at this time, he was still known as the Dharma Transmission Immortal Venerable—began spreading his teachings.

News of the Immortal Venerable sharing his teachings had recently begun to circulate in the surrounding regions.

However, the Immortal Venerable's reputation was still modest at this time.

Announcing the dissemination of his teachings and blessings to the world was met with skepticism.

Few believed him.

Before Qiao Sidao stood only a dozen or so cultivators who had come out of curiosity.

Qiao Sidao made sure to secure a seat at the center of the front row, intending to make himself known.

Surveying those around him, Qiao Sidao realized that these individuals would one day become the key figures who wielded power within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. His heart began to race.

When the Dharma Transmission Immortal Venerable’s gaze swept across him, Qiao Sidao immediately composed himself, no longer daring to look around.

Three days later, despite the sovereign’s teachings being profound, only about thirty cultivators had gathered on the small island within Congyun Marsh.

The Immortal Venerable, however, remained unbothered.

Sitting cross-legged on the ground, he began his grand discourse.

He spoke of the world of Xuanhuang, the laws of immortality, the mysteries of the human body, and the secrets of vital energy. He then elaborated on the intricate connections between the universe and all living beings.

His words flowed eloquently, captivating every cultivator present.

As the Immortal Venerable continued, celestial phenomena began to manifest in the skies.

Golden light illuminated rolling purple clouds arriving from the horizon, creating a divine and majestic scene.

Even at night, the island radiated with a never-ending glow of purple and gold, visible from hundreds of miles away.

This attracted an increasing number of cultivators who, mesmerized by the spectacle, flocked to the island.

Respectful and awestruck, the newcomers settled wherever they could find space, silently regretting their delayed arrival and the missed opportunities to absorb the profound teachings from earlier days.

Eventually, the island was teeming with over ten thousand cultivators.

At this point, the Immortal Venerable declared:

“To ascend to immortality, why beseech the heavens? If the heavens do not grant it, then take it for yourself!”

“To follow the heavens is mundane; to defy the heavens is Immortality!”

“Thus, the path of immortality lies in:

- Absorbing the spirit of heaven and earth to wield its energy;

- Harnessing the marvels of the heaven and earth to establish a foundation;

- Observing the laws of the heaven and earth to refine the golden core;

- Seizing the essence of creation to form the nascent soul;

- Extracting the marrow of the world to transform into the divine soul;

- Sacrificing the spirit of heaven and earth existence to merge with the Dao;

- Defying the principles of the heavens to achieve Longevity Immortality!”

...

The Venerable then proceeded to elucidate the details of each realm, leaving the gathered cultivators stunned and speechless.

So, immortality could be pursued in such a way!

Qiao Sidao’s blood surged with excitement.

He knew that these cultivators, relying on this revolutionary method of plundering the heavens and earth, would eventually overthrow the Ten Great Immortal Sects and establish the great Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

It felt as though he were a part of history in the making.

However, just as the Dharma Transmission Immortal Venerable reached the pivotal point in his discourse—explaining the principle of defying the heavens—a cold voice suddenly reverberated across the skies, interrupting the sovereign.

“Such deceptive rhetoric!”

“The heavens nurture all things. For cultivators to not repay this debt is already egregious, but to engage in such vile plundering is no different from beasts!”

The voice boomed like thunder, echoing endlessly.

Interrupted suddenly, the cultivators on the island listening to the teachings were naturally both shocked and enraged.

"Who is this reckless cultivator courting death?"

Qiao Sidao, on the other hand, wore a look of amusement, ready to watch the drama unfold.

After all, he knew that the Immortal Ancestor had dominated the world for thousands of years, practically unrivaled.

Wasn’t the one provoking him seeking death?

However, what Qiao Sidao inadvertently glimpsed made him feel a vague sense of unease.

At this moment, the Preaching Immortal Venerable abruptly stood up. His face was filled with solemnity.

“May I know the name of this friend?”

“The so-called 3,000 Great Dao Paths…” The Immortal Venerable cupped his hands and was about to speak.

But he was rudely interrupted again.

“Words are pointless! Under the rule of the Ten Great Immortal Sects, anyone spreading heresies—”

“Must die!”

With a thunderous roar, the speaker revealed himself.

He appeared to be no more than a teenager, clad in shining golden armor, with a red ribbon tied to his head, and wielding a silver spear.

He looked less like a cultivator and more like a mortal general.

“Remember, the one taking your lives today is 'Wu' of the Creation Sect!”

As his words ended, the silver spear descended from the heavens.

“Arrogant child…”

The Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, lightly extending two fingers of his right hand to block it.

Who would have thought...

The silver gleam flashed like lightning, piercing through the Immortal Venerable's body in an instant.

Then, without losing momentum, it slammed violently into the ground.

"Boom!"

In the Immortal Venerable’s incredulous gaze, the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Island turned to dust in an instant.

As the massive silver shockwave crushed the island, it also swept through Congyun Marsh relentlessly.

In just a few breaths, the vast Congyun Marsh no longer had any signs of life.

Only the rampant silver serpents continued to dance in the void.

“Foolishness!”

Before Qiao Sidao’s consciousness faded, he only heard Wu’s cold snort,

and saw the gradually vanishing figure of the Immortal Ancestor.

...

When he awoke from a pitch-black void again,

Qiao Sidao was surprised to find himself back at the very start of his rebirth.

The outer disciples of the Seven Star Sect were still anxiously preparing for the inner sect assessment.

But this time, entering the inner sect no longer concerned him at all.

His mind was filled with countless doubts.

Why?

Why did the Immortal Ancestor fall so easily?

Who was this "Wu"?

Why had he never heard of such a person before?

Countless questions surged in his heart.

Days passed, and Qiao Sidao still couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation.

However, since the world of his rebirth diverged from the historical trajectory he remembered,

he decided he must carefully consider the future.

With a figure like Wu around, it seemed unlikely that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance could rise to prominence.

Though somewhat regretful, a wise man knows when to yield.

In this life, Qiao Sidao decisively chose to side with the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

But something unexpected happened once more.

In his previous life, Wu, who ended the Immortal Ancestor’s life with a single spear,

simply did not exist in this life.

Without Wu’s dramatic feat on the Ten Thousand Immortal Island, the new teachings spread like wildfire across the entire Xuanhuang Realm within a few years.

It was a vast, unstoppable force.

In the war against the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, Qiao Sidao, as cannon fodder for the Ten Great Immortal Sects, once again lost his life.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 606: Extra Story – “For Me, A Thousand and Million Times” (Part 1)


The Immortal Ancestor had died.

When Qiao Sidao realized that he had been reborn into the ancient cultivation world—a time when the Ten Great Immortal Sects dominated the world and the new cultivation method had yet to emerge—a daring thought surfaced in his mind.

He would follow the Immortal Ancestor and become one of the earliest pioneers of the new way of cultivation!

At present, the Ten Great Immortal Sects were at their peak.

However, knowing the trajectory of the future, Qiao Sidao was keenly aware that their seemingly unshakable dominance would crumble before the sweeping tide of the new cultivation method.

It wouldn’t be long before the new cultivators—trained in a method that allowed them to plunder the heavens and earth, cultivating at an astonishing pace—would rise under the leadership of the Immortal Ancestor, They would crush the Ten Great Immortal Sects and establish the magnificent Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, destined to rule the Xuanhuang Realm for eons.

In such a grand revolution, the greatest merit lay in supporting the right leader.

If Qiao Sidao pledged his allegiance to the Immortal Ancestor before his rise, then when the Immortal Ancestor eventually ascended to the heavens, Qiao Sidao would undoubtedly secure a position within the supreme ruling body of the Alliance—the Dharma Transmission Council.

...

This was Qiao Sidao's vision.And it was exactly what he acted upon.

He abandoned the hard-earned identity of an inner disciple of the Seven Stars Sect, traversing mountains and rivers from the heart of the Immortal Lands to reach the remote wilderness of Congyun Marsh.

After years of patient waiting, the day finally arrived when the great Immortal Ancestor—no, at this time, he was still known as the Dharma Transmission Immortal Venerable—began spreading his teachings.

News of the Immortal Venerable sharing his teachings had recently begun to circulate in the surrounding regions.

However, the Immortal Venerable's reputation was still modest at this time.

Announcing the dissemination of his teachings and blessings to the world was met with skepticism.

Few believed him.

Before Qiao Sidao stood only a dozen or so cultivators who had come out of curiosity.

Qiao Sidao made sure to secure a seat at the center of the front row, intending to make himself known.

Surveying those around him, Qiao Sidao realized that these individuals would one day become the key figures who wielded power within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. His heart began to race.

When the Dharma Transmission Immortal Venerable’s gaze swept across him, Qiao Sidao immediately composed himself, no longer daring to look around.

Three days later, despite the sovereign’s teachings being profound, only about thirty cultivators had gathered on the small island within Congyun Marsh.

The Immortal Venerable, however, remained unbothered.

Sitting cross-legged on the ground, he began his grand discourse.

He spoke of the world of Xuanhuang, the laws of immortality, the mysteries of the human body, and the secrets of vital energy. He then elaborated on the intricate connections between the universe and all living beings.

His words flowed eloquently, captivating every cultivator present.

As the Immortal Venerable continued, celestial phenomena began to manifest in the skies.

Golden light illuminated rolling purple clouds arriving from the horizon, creating a divine and majestic scene.

Even at night, the island radiated with a never-ending glow of purple and gold, visible from hundreds of miles away.

This attracted an increasing number of cultivators who, mesmerized by the spectacle, flocked to the island.

Respectful and awestruck, the newcomers settled wherever they could find space, silently regretting their delayed arrival and the missed opportunities to absorb the profound teachings from earlier days.

Eventually, the island was teeming with over ten thousand cultivators.

At this point, the Immortal Venerable declared:

“To ascend to immortality, why beseech the heavens? If the heavens do not grant it, then take it for yourself!”

“To follow the heavens is mundane; to defy the heavens is Immortality!”

“Thus, the path of immortality lies in:

- Absorbing the spirit of heaven and earth to wield its energy;

- Harnessing the marvels of the heaven and earth to establish a foundation;

- Observing the laws of the heaven and earth to refine the golden core;

- Seizing the essence of creation to form the nascent soul;

- Extracting the marrow of the world to transform into the divine soul;

- Sacrificing the spirit of heaven and earth existence to merge with the Dao;

- Defying the principles of the heavens to achieve Longevity Immortality!”

...

The Venerable then proceeded to elucidate the details of each realm, leaving the gathered cultivators stunned and speechless.

So, immortality could be pursued in such a way!

Qiao Sidao’s blood surged with excitement.

He knew that these cultivators, relying on this revolutionary method of plundering the heavens and earth, would eventually overthrow the Ten Great Immortal Sects and establish the great Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

It felt as though he were a part of history in the making.

However, just as the Dharma Transmission Immortal Venerable reached the pivotal point in his discourse—explaining the principle of defying the heavens—a cold voice suddenly reverberated across the skies, interrupting the sovereign.

“Such deceptive rhetoric!”

“The heavens nurture all things. For cultivators to not repay this debt is already egregious, but to engage in such vile plundering is no different from beasts!”

The voice boomed like thunder, echoing endlessly.

Interrupted suddenly, the cultivators on the island listening to the teachings were naturally both shocked and enraged.

"Who is this reckless cultivator courting death?"

Qiao Sidao, on the other hand, wore a look of amusement, ready to watch the drama unfold.

After all, he knew that the Immortal Ancestor had dominated the world for thousands of years, practically unrivaled.

Wasn’t the one provoking him seeking death?

However, what Qiao Sidao inadvertently glimpsed made him feel a vague sense of unease.

At this moment, the Preaching Immortal Venerable abruptly stood up. His face was filled with solemnity.

“May I know the name of this friend?”

“The so-called 3,000 Great Dao Paths…” The Immortal Venerable cupped his hands and was about to speak.

But he was rudely interrupted again.

“Words are pointless! Under the rule of the Ten Great Immortal Sects, anyone spreading heresies—”

“Must die!”

With a thunderous roar, the speaker revealed himself.

He appeared to be no more than a teenager, clad in shining golden armor, with a red ribbon tied to his head, and wielding a silver spear.

He looked less like a cultivator and more like a mortal general.

“Remember, the one taking your lives today is 'Wu' of the Creation Sect!”

As his words ended, the silver spear descended from the heavens.

“Arrogant child…”

The Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, lightly extending two fingers of his right hand to block it.

Who would have thought...

The silver gleam flashed like lightning, piercing through the Immortal Venerable's body in an instant.

Then, without losing momentum, it slammed violently into the ground.

"Boom!"

In the Immortal Venerable’s incredulous gaze, the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Island turned to dust in an instant.

As the massive silver shockwave crushed the island, it also swept through Congyun Marsh relentlessly.

In just a few breaths, the vast Congyun Marsh no longer had any signs of life.

Only the rampant silver serpents continued to dance in the void.

“Foolishness!”

Before Qiao Sidao’s consciousness faded, he only heard Wu’s cold snort,

and saw the gradually vanishing figure of the Immortal Ancestor.

...

When he awoke from a pitch-black void again,

Qiao Sidao was surprised to find himself back at the very start of his rebirth.

The outer disciples of the Seven Star Sect were still anxiously preparing for the inner sect assessment.

But this time, entering the inner sect no longer concerned him at all.

His mind was filled with countless doubts.

Why?

Why did the Immortal Ancestor fall so easily?

Who was this "Wu"?

Why had he never heard of such a person before?

Countless questions surged in his heart.

Days passed, and Qiao Sidao still couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation.

However, since the world of his rebirth diverged from the historical trajectory he remembered,

he decided he must carefully consider the future.

With a figure like Wu around, it seemed unlikely that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance could rise to prominence.

Though somewhat regretful, a wise man knows when to yield.

In this life, Qiao Sidao decisively chose to side with the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

But something unexpected happened once more.

In his previous life, Wu, who ended the Immortal Ancestor’s life with a single spear,

simply did not exist in this life.

Without Wu’s dramatic feat on the Ten Thousand Immortal Island, the new teachings spread like wildfire across the entire Xuanhuang Realm within a few years.

It was a vast, unstoppable force.

In the war against the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, Qiao Sidao, as cannon fodder for the Ten Great Immortal Sects, once again lost his life.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 607


“Why?”

“Why has the course of history in this life returned to the same path again?”

Awakening once more from the darkness, Qiao Sidao clutched his head, overwhelmed by a splitting headache.

But he couldn’t afford to dwell on it. His mind was flooded with questions as he continuously recalled and compared the events of his past two lifetimes.

As an insignificant figure swept up in the tides of destiny, he had little agency of his own.

He couldn’t grasp the full scope of the world’s events.

However, he was aware of certain key junctures critical enough to alter the trajectory of history.

After a thorough comparison, Qiao Sidao realized that the world without the existence of the Sect of Creation [Wu] aligned with the history in his memory: an Immortal Venerable transmitting a new cultivation method, igniting a wildfire of reform, overthrowing the decayed Ten Great Immortal Sects, and establishing the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance that ruled the Xuanhuang Realm for millennia.

So, was [Wu] the anomaly?

Without [Wu], would history return to its rightful path?After a long period of contemplation, Qiao Sidao finally arrived at a plausible explanation.

“This means, in this lifetime, I should first investigate the Sect of Creation and determine whether this [Wu] exists before making any decisions.”

“But the Sect of Creation is one of the prestigious Ten Great Immortal Sects, while I’m just an outer disciple of an insignificant sect. How could I possibly gather any information?”

“Secrets of this magnitude are clearly beyond what my current body can handle. If someone were to notice, they might use soul-searching techniques to uncover my ability to reincarnate endlessly.”

...

Qiao Sidao, meticulous and familiar with the various means of cultivators, naturally harbored many concerns.

Fortunately, he didn’t need to dwell on these worries for long.

Because after absorbing the memories of the body he now occupied, Qiao Sidao was shocked to discover that this lifetime was not set during the early days of the new cultivation method.

Instead, it was an unprecedented and bizarre period.

In this era, a strange restriction had emerged that made it impossible to cultivate multiple techniques simultaneously. Sects had been eradicated, and only one in ten thousand cultivators survived.

The surviving cultivators roamed the world alone, distrustful of others, struggling to survive in the wilderness.

Qiao Sidao didn’t know what had happened during this time, nor did he understand the reasons behind the variations in the worlds he reincarnated into.

Cautiously, he focused on ensuring his survival and ventured into the ruins of various sects, seeking to piece together the truth of history.

It took more than a decade before Qiao Sidao finally uncovered the events of that time.

The divergence in history occurred during the era of intense conflict between the old and new cultivation methods.

In this timeline, the old sects proved surprisingly resilient.

Not only did they withstand the seemingly endless armies of the new method, but they also began to reform themselves, incorporating the new techniques.

Without the advantage of faster cultivation, the new method practitioners fell behind in terms of techniques, treasures, and mystical arts.

They barely managed to hold their ground, relying solely on sheer numbers.

The tug-of-war lasted for decades.

During this time, both the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Ten Great Immortal Sects used every means at their disposal to secure ultimate victory.

Masses of ordinary people were forcibly conscripted and taught cultivation methods.

After brief training, they were sent to the battlefield, their bodies bound with various restrictions, leaving them no choice but to fight for their survival.

It was said that blood soaked every inch of the Xuanhuang Realm. Even now, traces of those brutal battles remained in the wastelands.

The relentless recruitment of cultivator soldiers led to an unprecedented catastrophe.

It was a curse of unimaginable horror—the inability to cultivate the same technique together.

Anyone practicing the same cultivation method lost their sanity, perceiving one another as mortal enemies.

To accelerate their combat readiness, both the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Ten Great Immortal Sects had their soldiers practice standardized cultivation techniques.

When the calamity struck, chaos consumed the Xuanhuang Realm in an instant.

The situation is the same at the lower levels as it is at the higher levels.

The Ten Great Immortal Sects emphasize the inheritance of their sects. Countless individuals follow the same cultivation methods. At this moment, faced with the great calamity, even the reclusive elders of these sects have started wielding their blades against their own disciples.

The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance values mutual assistance. Everyone regards the teachings of Immortal Ancestor cultivation techniques as the foundation of mentorship, and most members are independent cultivators from various unorthodox paths. To overcome the ancient sects with thousands of years of inheritance, it is essential to gather the wisdom of the vast majority of cultivators and continuously deduce and refine a universal cultivation method that could serve most of the alliance's members.

This method, called 'Heavenly Net Divine Art', was originally the cornerstone of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's unity and mutual aid. However, at this moment, it has turned into a terrifying death sentence.

This period of darkness left a chilling impression on posterity.

The conclusion of the great war was naturally the mutual annihilation of both sides, leaving the Xuanhuang Realm barren and desolate.

Thousands of years later, a few mortals who had miraculously survived stumbled upon remnants of ancient cultivation texts amidst the ruins, rekindling the civilization of cultivation.

As for the leaders of the Ten Great Immortal Sects, the pinnacle powerhouses of the Xuanhuang Realm, their ultimate fate remains unknown.

Throughout his life, Qiao Sidao delved into various ruins, seeking traces of these legendary figures.

Unfortunately, on one such occasion, he was fatally wounded by a hidden mechanism and passed away with regret.

When he awoke again, the first thing he did was explore the memories of his new body.

As expected, the world had changed yet again.

A terrifying plague had emerged, spreading through spiritual energy. Once cultivators were infected, they experienced symptoms akin to mortals suffering from a deadly illness.

No matter the elixirs or divine techniques, nothing could completely cure this affliction.

While not fatal, the disease had a profound impact on cultivators.

When spiritual energy was circulated intensely, they would involuntarily cough violently.

Ignoring the discomfort and forcibly continuing could even result in fainting.

This plague persisted for over a decade, during which conflicts in the Xuanhuang Realm nearly ceased.

It wasn't that the once-competitive cultivators had changed their ways; rather, their physical capabilities had subtly deteriorated over time.

Ridiculously, incidents such as Golden Core cultivators breaking their legs while walking or Nascent Soul cultivators fainting mid-flight and crashing to the ground became alarmingly frequent.

Qiao Sidao's current body, which belonged to a Golden Core cultivator, felt even weaker than an ordinary Qi Condensation cultivator in his memory.

In this world, Qiao Sidao lived for 60 years, nearing the end of his life. Due to the plague, cultivators had been weakened to their limits.

In contrast, mundane martial artists with robust vitality were now capable of subduing Dao Integration cultivators.

The path of immortality had declined, while martial arts flourished.

Thus, the remaining cultivators called this plague "Immortal's Demise."

In another lifetime, Qiao Sidao returned to a world where the new and old cultivation methods clashed.

However, war was no longer the focus.

When the battle between the Ten Great Immortal Sects and the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was at its peak, an eerie mirage of ruins suddenly appeared in the sky.

A solitary figure stood within the ruins, seemingly gazing silently at the beings of the Xuanhuang Realm below.

The entire world trembled slightly, a strange phenomenon that naturally caught the attention of the cultivators.

Both sides decided to temporarily cease fighting to investigate the mysterious apparition.

After thorough research, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Ten Great Immortal Sects reached the same conclusion.

The ruins above the sky possessed an immense gravitational pull, strong enough to gradually draw the entire Xuanhuang Realm upward.

The tremors the cultivators had recently sensed were the initial signs of the Xuanhuang Realm being drawn toward the ruins.

Calculations revealed that in no more than a century, the Xuanhuang Realm would collapse into the ruins, resulting in the death of all its inhabitants.

This revelation caused an uproar.

Faced with the threat of extinction, war was temporarily set aside.

The Five Elders Association and the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance formed an unprecedented alliance to find a solution.

Ultimately, they devised a plan called "Reversal of Xuanhuang."

This plan aimed to construct tens of thousands of obelisks across the Xuanhuang Realm.

The obelisks' thrust would push the entire Xuanhuang Realm away from the gravitational pull of the ruins.

Initially, the plan seemed promising.

The first completed obelisk did slightly slow the Xuanhuang Realm's upward movement, proving the feasibility of the plan.

However, the optimistic assumptions about human nature soon proved naive.

The alliance fell apart within a mere decade, plunging the Xuanhuang Realm into unprecedented chaos.

The massive project required contributions from every cultivator, which clashed with the inherently independent nature of cultivators.

Rumors began to spread, claiming the apparition in the sky was an elaborate hoax created by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association to enslave all cultivators.

Some even claimed the obelisks were part of a nefarious formation designed to implant a soul-binding restriction in every cultivator's sea of consciousness.

Despite efforts to suppress these rumors, suspicion lingered, and belief in the conspiracy grew stronger.

The "Reversal of Xuanhuang" plan faced immense resistance, and reports emerged of places where cultivators were forcibly controlled to build the obelisks, adding fuel to the conspiracy theory.

Rebellion broke out across the Xuanhuang Realm, escalating rapidly.

Then came an incident that pushed the situation to its breaking point.

One night, an intense white light burst forth from the direction of the Heavenly Sword Sect, illuminating the entire Xuanhuang Realm.

Cultivators could vaguely see a massive sword rise from the ground, piercing through the heavens.

At the same time, as the shadow of the ruins in the sky twisted, a black void appeared in mid-air.

In the next second, under the watchful eyes of all the cultivators, the giant sword vanished without a trace.

Darkness once again descended upon the world. Initially, the cultivators were somewhat puzzled.

But how could such a matter remain hidden? Soon, everyone understood.

One of the Ten Great Immortal Sects, the Heavenly Sword Sect, had secretly forged a Void-Breaking Divine Weapon, tore through the void, and escaped!

“Traitors!”

“Shameful!”

For a moment, curses filled the air. Yet, it also made the cultivators wonder—could it be that the ruins in the sky were real?

Amidst this uncertainty, the unrest across the regions subsided, and cultivators began to actively construct obelisks.

However…

They quickly realized something was amiss.

Orders from the upper echelons of the Ten Great Immortal Sects and the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance became increasingly rare.

In fact, it had been a long time since anyone had seen any influential cultivators in person.

In their unease, they banded together to visit the residences of the Ten Great Immortal Sects, only to find them long abandoned!

The remaining formations merely issued orders periodically.

Feeling deceived and abandoned, the cultivators were filled with rage but had no one to direct it toward.

They could only vent their anger on those who had initially spread the rumors. Yet in truth, they themselves had fanned the flames of those rumors.

Now, who could they blame?

The upper echelons of the Xuanhuang Realm had collectively fled, leaving behind no instructions on how to operate the obelisks.

Left with no choice but to await death, the cultivators watched as the image of the ruins in the sky grew larger.

Gradually, despair drove them into madness.

The slaughter began.

Amid this farcical chaos, Qiao Sidao watched coldly from the sidelines.

As the Xuanhuang Realm quaked and gradually disintegrated, he too ended his life in this world.

In the cycles of rebirth that followed, Qiao Sidao experienced all kinds of mysterious worlds.

For instance, worlds where the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Ten Great Immortal Sects did not exist. Instead, the Xuanhuang Realm was unified under a Supreme Heavenly Sovereign. From birth, every person was required to cultivate specific techniques. The cultivation they accumulated would be exchanged for essential survival resources.

Or worlds where the Immortal Net enveloped everything, monitoring every action of cultivators. However, the same Immortal net allowed cultivators to earn contribution points to exchange for techniques and treasures. It even provided access to other cultivation worlds for conquest, earning massive military merits.

...

Despite his average aptitude, Qiao Sidao tried his best to live in every lifetime.

Yet he remained an ordinary person among the masses, leaving no mark in history. Each time, he experienced a mundane birth and an ordinary death.

And so, after countless reincarnations…

He returned to the same world where he had first awakened.

An inner disciple of the Seven Star Sect.

The Immortal Ancestor transmitting dharma from Congyun Marsh.

However, after witnessing countless cycles of destruction and resurgence, Qiao Sidao vaguely understood his current predicament.

Thus, he refrained from any drastic actions, behaving instead like an outsider.

Quietly observing the world’s changes.

This time, the Sect of Creation’s [Wu] did not appear. The preaching Immortal Ancestor successfully completed the sermon.

But as the new techniques began to spread, the Ten Great Immortal Sects immediately issued an extermination order.

The new techniques were labeled heretical, and any practitioners were to be executed without mercy.

It was said that this decree came from the Great Dao Sect’s [Zhi].

As a result, the new techniques met their demise before achieving any great feats.

Even the preaching Immortal Venerable himself died tragically under relentless pursuit.

Witnessing all this, Qiao Sidao seemed to understand something.

In the countless cycles of reincarnation that followed…

He never again encountered [Zhi] in this world.

“So, it’s all for these people.”

Most people in this world are ordinary.

But there are always a few extraordinary individuals.

These individuals, through their exceptional talents, could even alter the course of history.

For example, using one's own strength to research a "Medicine" method that completely solves the plague of Deceased Immortals Demise.

And also, after the Ten Great Immortal Sects and Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance abandoned all cultivators, standing up to reverse the tide, reuniting everyone.

Eventually, this person reignited the Reversal of Xuanhuang Plan and saved the entire world—the Immortal Emperor.

...

Through countless reincarnations, Qiao Sidao watched these geniuses rise and fall.

His heart grew colder.

He had realized the truth about the world he was in.

The various divergent worlds were merely tests to select those with exceptional talent.

While the rest of the world’s beings were nothing more than background props.

But…

What about himself?

Why was he able to retain his memories across countless reincarnations?

Qiao Sidao didn’t know the reason.

But he understood that this was his only leverage to escape this false world.

TLN:-[Oof... This took a long time to translate, hope you guys enjoyed it! And also do give your thoughts and theories on what's going on here]

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 606.1: Extra Story – “For Me, A Thousand and Million Times” (Part 1)


The Immortal Ancestor had died.

When Qiao Sidao realized that he had been reborn into the ancient cultivation world—a time when the Ten Great Immortal Sects dominated the world and the new cultivation method had yet to emerge—a daring thought surfaced in his mind.

He would follow the Immortal Ancestor and become one of the earliest pioneers of the new way of cultivation!

At present, the Ten Great Immortal Sects were at their peak.

However, knowing the trajectory of the future, Qiao Sidao was keenly aware that their seemingly unshakable dominance would crumble before the sweeping tide of the new cultivation method.

It wouldn’t be long before the new cultivators—trained in a method that allowed them to plunder the heavens and earth, cultivating at an astonishing pace—would rise under the leadership of the Immortal Ancestor, They would crush the Ten Great Immortal Sects and establish the magnificent Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, destined to rule the Xuanhuang Realm for eons.

In such a grand revolution, the greatest merit lay in supporting the right leader.

If Qiao Sidao pledged his allegiance to the Immortal Ancestor before his rise, then when the Immortal Ancestor eventually ascended to the heavens, Qiao Sidao would undoubtedly secure a position within the supreme ruling body of the Alliance—the Dharma Transmission Council.

...

This was Qiao Sidao's vision.

And it was exactly what he acted upon.

He abandoned the hard-earned identity of an inner disciple of the Seven Stars Sect, traversing mountains and rivers from the heart of the Immortal Lands to reach the remote wilderness of Congyun Marsh.

After years of patient waiting, the day finally arrived when the great Immortal Ancestor—no, at this time, he was still known as the Dharma Transmission Immortal Venerable—began spreading his teachings.

News of the Immortal Venerable sharing his teachings had recently begun to circulate in the surrounding regions.

However, the Immortal Venerable's reputation was still modest at this time.

Announcing the dissemination of his teachings and blessings to the world was met with skepticism.

Few believed him.

Before Qiao Sidao stood only a dozen or so cultivators who had come out of curiosity.

Qiao Sidao made sure to secure a seat at the center of the front row, intending to make himself known.

Surveying those around him, Qiao Sidao realized that these individuals would one day become the key figures who wielded power within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. His heart began to race.

When the Dharma Transmission Immortal Venerable’s gaze swept across him, Qiao Sidao immediately composed himself, no longer daring to look around.

Three days later, despite the sovereign’s teachings being profound, only about thirty cultivators had gathered on the small island within Congyun Marsh.

The Immortal Venerable, however, remained unbothered.

Sitting cross-legged on the ground, he began his grand discourse.

He spoke of the world of Xuanhuang, the laws of immortality, the mysteries of the human body, and the secrets of vital energy. He then elaborated on the intricate connections between the universe and all living beings.

His words flowed eloquently, captivating every cultivator present.

As the Immortal Venerable continued, celestial phenomena began to manifest in the skies.

Golden light illuminated rolling purple clouds arriving from the horizon, creating a divine and majestic scene.

Even at night, the island radiated with a never-ending glow of purple and gold, visible from hundreds of miles away.

This attracted an increasing number of cultivators who, mesmerized by the spectacle, flocked to the island.

Respectful and awestruck, the newcomers settled wherever they could find space, silently regretting their delayed arrival and the missed opportunities to absorb the profound teachings from earlier days.

Eventually, the island was teeming with over ten thousand cultivators.

At this point, the Immortal Venerable declared:

“To ascend to immortality, why beseech the heavens? If the heavens do not grant it, then take it for yourself!”

“To follow the heavens is mundane; to defy the heavens is Immortality!”

“Thus, the path of immortality lies in:

- Absorbing the spirit of heaven and earth to wield its energy;

- Harnessing the marvels of the heaven and earth to establish a foundation;

- Observing the laws of the heaven and earth to refine the golden core;

- Seizing the essence of creation to form the nascent soul;

- Extracting the marrow of the world to transform into the divine soul;

- Sacrificing the spirit of heaven and earth existence to merge with the Dao;

- Defying the principles of the heavens to achieve Longevity Immortality!”

...

The Venerable then proceeded to elucidate the details of each realm, leaving the gathered cultivators stunned and speechless.

So, immortality could be pursued in such a way!

Qiao Sidao’s blood surged with excitement.

He knew that these cultivators, relying on this revolutionary method of plundering the heavens and earth, would eventually overthrow the Ten Great Immortal Sects and establish the great Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

It felt as though he were a part of history in the making.

However, just as the Dharma Transmission Immortal Venerable reached the pivotal point in his discourse—explaining the principle of defying the heavens—a cold voice suddenly reverberated across the skies, interrupting the sovereign.

“Such deceptive rhetoric!”

“The heavens nurture all things. For cultivators to not repay this debt is already egregious, but to engage in such vile plundering is no different from beasts!”

The voice boomed like thunder, echoing endlessly.

Interrupted suddenly, the cultivators on the island listening to the teachings were naturally both shocked and enraged.

"Who is this reckless cultivator courting death?"

Qiao Sidao, on the other hand, wore a look of amusement, ready to watch the drama unfold.

After all, he knew that the Immortal Ancestor had dominated the world for thousands of years, practically unrivaled.

Wasn’t the one provoking him seeking death?

However, what Qiao Sidao inadvertently glimpsed made him feel a vague sense of unease.

At this moment, the Preaching Immortal Venerable abruptly stood up. His face was filled with solemnity.

“May I know the name of this friend?”

“The so-called 3,000 Great Dao Paths…” The Immortal Venerable cupped his hands and was about to speak.

But he was rudely interrupted again.

“Words are pointless! Under the rule of the Ten Great Immortal Sects, anyone spreading heresies—”

“Must die!”

With a thunderous roar, the speaker revealed himself.

He appeared to be no more than a teenager, clad in shining golden armor, with a red ribbon tied to his head, and wielding a silver spear.

He looked less like a cultivator and more like a mortal general.

“Remember, the one taking your lives today is 'Wu' of the Creation Sect!”

As his words ended, the silver spear descended from the heavens.

“Arrogant child…”

The Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, lightly extending two fingers of his right hand to block it.

Who would have thought...

The silver gleam flashed like lightning, piercing through the Immortal Venerable's body in an instant.

Then, without losing momentum, it slammed violently into the ground.

"Boom!"

In the Immortal Venerable’s incredulous gaze, the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Island turned to dust in an instant.

As the massive silver shockwave crushed the island, it also swept through Congyun Marsh relentlessly.

In just a few breaths, the vast Congyun Marsh no longer had any signs of life.

Only the rampant silver serpents continued to dance in the void.

“Foolishness!”

Before Qiao Sidao’s consciousness faded, he only heard Wu’s cold snort,

and saw the gradually vanishing figure of the Immortal Ancestor.

...

When he awoke from a pitch-black void again,

Qiao Sidao was surprised to find himself back at the very start of his rebirth.

The outer disciples of the Seven Star Sect were still anxiously preparing for the inner sect assessment.

But this time, entering the inner sect no longer concerned him at all.

His mind was filled with countless doubts.

Why?

Why did the Immortal Ancestor fall so easily?

Who was this "Wu"?

Why had he never heard of such a person before?

Countless questions surged in his heart.

Days passed, and Qiao Sidao still couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation.

However, since the world of his rebirth diverged from the historical trajectory he remembered,

he decided he must carefully consider the future.

With a figure like Wu around, it seemed unlikely that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance could rise to prominence.

Though somewhat regretful, a wise man knows when to yield.

In this life, Qiao Sidao decisively chose to side with the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

But something unexpected happened once more.

In his previous life, Wu, who ended the Immortal Ancestor’s life with a single spear,

simply did not exist in this life.

Without Wu’s dramatic feat on the Ten Thousand Immortal Island, the new teachings spread like wildfire across the entire Xuanhuang Realm within a few years.

It was a vast, unstoppable force.

In the war against the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, Qiao Sidao, as cannon fodder for the Ten Great Immortal Sects, once again lost his life.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 608


What is real, and what is false?

Having traversed so many worlds,

Each vibrant face,

Every heroic or tragic tale,

Rivers, lakes, seas, and mountain breezes,

Love and hatred, obsessions with immortality,

Heroes and cowards, saints and sinners...

Are these all illusions?

At first, Qiao Sidao was confused.

He wondered: if all worldly matters are mere illusions, what meaning remains in the lives of the myriad beings deceived by this world? Their heartfelt desires, their painstaking pursuit of divine techniques, treasures, and realms of cultivation—

When time resets, it all begins again.

Even death, which they so fear, is not the end, but the start of something new.

In one lifetime, two souls might share a deep friendship, only to become strangers in the next.

What a sorrowful reality this is.

In his bewilderment, Qiao Sidao lost interest in everything.

Despairing, he began spreading the truth that the world was false.

He thought this would attract the attention of the "Observers" beyond the skies, bringing him liberation.

To his surprise, no one believed him.

Instead, they mocked him as a madman.

Even when he exhausted himself explaining the truth, people responded impatiently,

"Why don’t you see if my sword is real or not!"

When annoyed, they even sent sword lights his way, severing his legs.

At that moment, Qiao Sidao noticed the indifference in their eyes—there was no sympathy, only glee at his suffering.

In a world rife with madness, why would the Observers beyond care?

After this realization, Qiao Sidao gave up on exposing the grand conspiracy.

He adjusted his mindset and sought to blend into each world,

Abandoning the dream of being a savior, focused instead on finding a way to survive.

In this false world, escape was bound to be extraordinarily difficult.

Initially, Qiao Sidao was at a loss.

But soon, he found a path. He stopped openly proclaiming that the world was false.

Instead, he wrote fictional tales, narrating the story of someone living within an immortal artifact called the "Traveling Horse Lantern"

, experiencing countless fleeting and illusory cultivation worlds.[1]

With his vast experience across numerous civilizations, the grandeur of his depictions attracted many cultivators' attention.

As the tales spread, some cultivators began discussing whether the world they lived in was real.

Inevitably, discussions also turned to: "What would one do if they discovered the world was false?"

"If falsehoods can masquerade as truth, it means the laws of this false world must mirror those of the true world outside."

"To construct a flawless world framework... such an achievement is akin to creation itself."

"If so, the line between real and false blurs."

"Indeed, even if the beings within are false, the foundation of the world's operation might not be."

Someone mentioned an artifact called the "Stone of Dao Deviation" in the Taiyan Sect.

It was said that within its every instant, countless worlds evolved and perished. What might such fleeting worlds look like?

Through collective wisdom, the cultivators' discussions illuminated a path for Qiao Sidao.

From then on, his purpose became clear.

In each lifetime, he no longer sought cultivation or realms of power but delved into formations, restrictions, and simulation techniques.

Though cultivation could not carry over between reincarnations, memories could.

Qiao Sidao believed that, with patient accumulation, he would eventually uncover the flaws in this false world.

The idea was beautiful, but execution was fraught with challenges.

Initially, his proficiency in these niche arts advanced rapidly.

From ignorance, he quickly grasped the basics.

But when he sought mastery, he encountered the immense monopoly over knowledge in the cultivation world.

Ordinary sects only taught the most rudimentary techniques. Even in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, information on these topics was scarce.

True expertise could only be found in the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

But how could someone of average aptitude gain entry?

This was true even in ancient times, let alone in the post-cataclysmic wasteland of sect ruins.

Only in rare worlds, like those governed by the Immortal Net or under the unified rule of the Immortal Alliance, did conditions exist for proper study.

Despite the hurdles, Qiao Sidao believed that, over enough time, his gradual progress would lead him to a method of escaping this world.

But...

After experiencing his 9,999th world, he did not awaken in a new world.

Instead, he found himself in a vast, blue ocean.

There, he witnessed an unforgettable sight.

Countless souls, packed tightly together, drifted.

From above, one could vaguely see sleeping faces.

In the ocean, whirlpools churned, tossing millions of souls about.

Some collided and shattered, dissolving into the sea.

Others absorbed fragmented remnants, reforming into something purer.

A sharp pain, like a needle, stirred in Qiao Sidao's mind, making him dizzy with agony.

What horrified him most was realizing that certain memories within his soul were vanishing amidst the sea's resentment-filled waves.

Despair crept in, and Qiao Sidao lost consciousness.

When his true self awakened again, it was after countless reincarnations.

He regained clarity, as suddenly as before.

Though most of his memories were lost, fragments of knowledge about the 'false world', the 'Sea of Resentful Souls', and scattered insights into formations remained deeply etched in his soul.

"It seems that to prevent other souls from awakening memories of reincarnation like I have, there is a periodic cleansing process conducted on us."

"In each cleansing, I lose most of my memories."

"If I accumulate knowledge too slowly, I will never be able to grasp the method to escape from here."

After careful calculation, Qiao Sidao reached this conclusion.

Even so, he did not give up easily.

Having seen so much, Qiao Sidao had come to understand one principle: if there are enough iterations, then even the most extraordinary things can happen.

Just like himself—by all accounts, he shouldn't be able to inherit and retain the memories of each reincarnation.

Yet it happened anyway.

Qiao Sidao lay low and waited.

After enduring countless cleansings in the Sea of Resentful Souls, he finally encountered an opportunity to break free.

It was a highly developed world called [Eternal Immortal Realm].

In this world, not only was the average lifespan extraordinarily long—thousands of years even without cultivation—but there was also a great entity known as the [Immortal Spirit Tower].

The Immortal Spirit Towers were scattered across every corner of the world, continuously emitting pure spiritual energy day and night.

More critically, any knowledge—

Cultivation techniques, formations, alchemy, pill crafting...

Everything you could imagine could be found, studied, and accessed within the Immortal Spirit Tower without limitation.

Gazing at the vast ocean of information within the Immortal Spirit Tower, Qiao Sidao trembled uncontrollably.

He understood that the method to escape was hidden somewhere within.

Thus, Qiao Sidao devoted himself tirelessly to studying.

He lived in the Eternal Immortal Realm for 3,658 years without ever stepping away from the Immortal Spirit Tower.

Although he was still far from uncovering the [false world], he had finally glimpsed a sliver of hope.

After experiencing thousands of reincarnations and waking up from yet another cleansing, Qiao Sidao was thrilled to discover that, perhaps because his soul had grown more resilient, he had lost far fewer memories this time compared to before.

This gave him renewed confidence.

He continued to accumulate knowledge and insights, waiting for the next time the [Eternal Immortal Realm] would appear.

...

When Qiao Sidao arrived at the Eternal Immortal Realm for the ninth time, near the end of his life, he finally uncovered the secret of his world.

It was a false world, constructed around a certain mysterious artifact of deduction.

Most of the living beings within this world were virtual constructs.

Only a small fraction had real souls.

And Qiao Sidao was one of those rare true souls among millions.

"Deductions have their limits."

"This also means that the timeline of this world has gaps."

"Each smallest gap is an opportunity for me to escape."

"Of course, to avoid detection, the best time to escape is during a world reboot."

Standing atop the Immortal Spirit Tower, gazing at the sky above, Qiao Sidao silently resolved to act.

He spent the remainder of his life preparing.

When his life finally ended, as he sank into darkness, Qiao Sidao awoke from his slumber.

He sensed a fleeting opportunity, like a thread, breaking through the boundary.

In his mind, he had envisioned the [outside world] tens of thousands of times.

He had even imagined confronting the possible [Observers].

But what Qiao Sidao never expected was that the so-called outside world would be so cold and vast.

His once-mighty soul, which he thought invincible, was on the verge of collapse under the assault of this icy expanse.

It seemed like he would disintegrate entirely in the next moment.

To make matters worse, the halo he had escaped from began emitting an alarming sound.

Drifting aimlessly in the void, Qiao Sidao observed his surroundings in confusion.

"A... museum?"

He fell silent.

It turned out that his world was nothing more than an exhibit.

He vaguely sensed several powerful presences rapidly approaching.

Despite the vastness of the heavens and earth, there was no place for him to hide.

For the first time, Qiao Sidao experienced true despair.

At that moment…

He noticed a human skull in the center of the museum.

It sat there quietly, seemingly gazing at him.

From this skull, Qiao Sidao felt an indescribable warmth.

While the entire world rejected him, it exuded the greatest goodwill it could muster.

It was like a mother’s embrace, moving Qiao Sidao to tears.

Thus, as his soul was about to dissipate, Qiao Sidao used the last of his strength to dive into the skull.

[1] Traveling Horse Lantern 走馬燈 (Zǒumǎdēng) is also called zoetrope in english, which some of you might know is a pre-film animation device that produces the illusion of motion, by displaying a sequence of drawings or photographs showing progressive phases of that motion.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 609


Under normal circumstances, the dormant cultivators inside the Medicine King True Cauldron would be protected by the 'Dream of Spring and Autumn Formation', making it considerably challenging for Li Fan to achieve his objectives.

However, the forced detachment from the Immortal Ruins had somewhat disrupted the formation's effectiveness.

More importantly, Li Fan was aware that a Medicine King Sect cultivator named Linghu Chang had not fully integrated into the Dream of Spring and Autumn Formation.

The room he occupied was not completely sealed; a small gap remained.

If Li Fan could access the memories within Linghu Chang's mind, the Medicine King True Cauldron would be virtually defenseless against him.

As for the cultivators at the Nascent Soul stage or higher, Li Fan planned to leave them undisturbed, allowing them to remain in slumber. For those below the Nascent Soul stage, if necessary, he could use his 'Insect Binding' divine ability to suppress them one by one.

Despite the fact that these disciples of the Medicine King Sect carried various magical artifacts and pills, such external items were of little significance to Li Fan in his current state.

What truly captured his interest was the Medicine King Cauldron itself, capable of traversing the void, as well as a set of navigational markers within the sect that could lead to another cultivation realm.

"Even with the existence of the Immortal Ruins, escape from the Xuanhuang Realm is currently impossible. Yet one day, I will leave this place," he thought.

"Having control of those markers is a prudent step for the future."Another reason for Li Fan’s arduous journey was his desire to witness the Immortal Ruins firsthand.

Raising his gaze to the sky, he calmed his thoughts and awaited the arrival of the Medicine King True Cauldron.

While waiting, he observed the unique "Immortal-Suppressing Force" of the Cangwu Abyss, marveling at the wonders of creation.

Unlike restrictions or formations that merely weakened a cultivator’s strength, the Immortal-Suppressing Force seemed to proportionally scale down one’s cultivation level.

With his current Nascent Soul Early Stage cultivation, although his strength seemed unrestricted, he could only manifest power equivalent to that of the Golden Core Stage.

“How fascinating! It’s as if a mortal entered the land of giants—unchanged in stature, yet, relative to everything around them, reduced to a mere ‘small person.’”

While Li Fan was lost in thought, the ruins of a nearby structure, as though stirred by an unseen wind, began creaking and slowly moving toward his position.

Without warning, the ruins appeared animated, as if imbued with life, exuding a sinister aura.

Li Fan frowned slightly but refrained from destroying the ruins. Instead, he chose to evade them.

As the broken remnants brushed past him, Li Fan’s gaze sharpened. With a flash, he landed atop one of the stone pillars.

The pillar, weathered by countless ages, bore carvings that had become nearly indistinct.

Despite its condition, thanks to his mastery of the Transformation Dao - Divine One, Li Fan could mentally reconstruct its original form.

The faint, fragmented patterns on the pillar seemed eerily familiar to him.

“This is…”

His eyes lit up with intrigue. Comparing the markings before him with his memories, he found them to match perfectly.

Looking around at the sprawling ruins of the Lost City, Li Fan was filled with astonishment.

"Are these buildings perhaps all from within the mist?"

In the mysterious domain where Li Fan obtained the [Chaos] character formula, he had once seen twelve large ruins.

The patterns on those ruins’ structures were identical to those on the stone pillar before him.

He recalled the origins of the Cangwu Abyss—how an entire province’s mountains and rivers had vanished, leaving only this abyss shaped like a giant footprint.

Peering into the abyss’s depths, he saw only darkness, endless and unfathomable.

“Does the Cangwu Abyss connect to the depths of the white mist?”

“In ancient times, the Xuanhuang Realm had no Devouring Origin White Mist. Now, the mist separates the world…”

“Where did it come from? Who were those tragic, fallen cultivators I encountered within the mist?”

Questions surged in Li Fan’s mind, unanswered.

Before he could ponder further, a meteor streaked across the night sky, momentarily illuminating the heavens.

“It’s here!”

Looking up, Li Fan saw the fiery streak descending straight toward his location.

An inexplicable sense of foreboding arose within him—part terror, part confrontation with an unstoppable calamity.

His body trembled slightly, reacting to the lingering aura of the Immortal Ruins emanating from the recently freed 'Medicine King True Cauldron'.

Moving a bit away from the landing point, Li Fan kept his eyes fixed on the fiery meteor.

The cauldron descended rapidly, reaching the ground within moments, plunging into the depths of the Cangwu Abyss.

As it entered the abyss, its speed slowed, and the flames around it dimmed.

Sensing the aura of the Immortal Ruins, the abyss's denizens instinctively scattered, clearing a path.

Finally, the Medicine King True Cauldron came to rest in its former position from the previous era.

After emitting a faint distress signal to the outside world, the cauldron gradually became transparent, vanishing into the air.

Li Fan waited patiently until the Immortal Ruins aura dissipated entirely before controlling the Little Medicine King Cauldron to enter.

With knowledge gained from Xiao Heng and the others’ exploration in his previous life, he navigated effortlessly to Linghu Chang’s slightly ajar door.

Inside, Linghu Chang lay on the floor, deep in slumber.

“Also at the Nascent Soul Early Stage, but…”

Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly as the phantom of the Five Elements Cave-Heaven emerged behind him.

The power of the Cave-Heaven Domain descended like chains, restraining Linghu Chang.

After confiscating all items from Linghu Chang, Li Fan mobilized his strength.

Moments later, before Linghu Chang could scream in agony, his body was crushed into fine dust under the immense power of the Cave-Heaven.

However, the Nascent Soul within his dantian remained completely unharmed under Li Fan's precise control.

With his body destroyed, the sleeping Linghu Chang woke up instantly.

Seeing his tiny purple infant-like body, he immediately realized what had happened.

"Who exactly are you?"

Linghu Chang stared at Li Fan, half in hatred and half in fear.

Li Fan responded with a flash of purple lightning before Linghu Chang's eyes.

"The Purple Heaven Sect..."

Linghu Chang's words were filled with disbelief.

In the next moment, he lost consciousness and fainted.

After thoroughly absorbing Linghu Chang's memories, Li Fan waved his sleeve and temporarily sealed Linghu Chang’s Nascent Soul within his Cave-Heaven.

He continued deeper into the Medicine King True Cauldron, arriving at the entrance to the "Gate of Life and Death," where he began to contemplate.

"The Gate of Life and Death cannot be breached, not even by a Dao Integration expert."

"Only by cultivating the true teachings of the Medicine King Sect's Longevity and Lifespan Sutra and manifesting the ‘Longevity Green Energy’ can one reverse the gates of life and death in an instant and enter within."

"Longevity and Lifespan Sutra, a Dao Integration cultivation method."

For an ordinary cultivator, obtaining a Dao Integration technique would be enough to leave them sleepless with excitement.

However, Li Fan remained indifferent.

Although Longevity and Lifespan Sutra was indeed a Dao Integration method, its cultivation focused on altruism, healing the sick, and saving lives.

"Saving others is saving oneself; the more people one saves, the faster the cultivation progresses. Even breaking through bottlenecks requires meeting specific rescue quotas."

This technique had low compatibility with Li Fan and no necessity for him to switch to it.

Still, as a Dao Integration method, its value was undeniably high. By exterminating everyone in the Medicine King Sect, this technique would become Li Fan's exclusive possession. But there was no need for such measures; the Medicine King Sect members had other, more significant uses.

The current trouble was that too many people were cultivating The Longevity and Lifespan Sutra—a total of 462.

When Li Fan tried to cultivate this technique, his spiritual energy seemed completely blocked, with no reaction at all.

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan came up with an idea.

Using Linghu Chang's memories, he located the quarters of some Golden Core disciples of the Medicine King Sect.

Breaking in, he forcibly extracted portions of their "Longevity Green Energy."

By fusing these energies, Li Fan formed an energy body.

He separated a strand of his consciousness into the green energy body, stretching and adapting for a while.

"The Longevity Green Energy keeps dissipating and won’t last long. However, it should suffice."

With a thought, the energy body condensed into a green Nascent Soul form.

Li Fan plunged headlong into the Wall of Life and Death.

Passing through a gray membrane, he found himself in a space that seemed identical to the exterior of the Medicine King True Cauldron.

This illusion was due to the transparent interior walls of the Medicine King Cauldron.

Within the space were two skeletons: one standing and one lying on the ground.

"The standing one must be Liu Ruchen; the one on the ground should be Elder Huang."

"To escape the Immortal Ruins, Liu Ruchen had no choice but to sacrifice the life essence of some sect members."

Recalling his past life’s knowledge, Li Fan mused to himself.

"Just bones left—surely, they’re not still alive."

Li Fan cautiously approached Liu Ruchen's remains.

As he reached the skeleton, a phantom suddenly appeared beside him.

Startled, Li Fan quickly realized it was merely a projection without any life force.

The Longevity Green Energy leaking from his body was absorbed by the phantom.

As if completing some sort of verification, the phantom eventually spoke:

"Disciples of the Medicine King Sect, heed my words."

"If you are seeing this image, I have likely perished."

"I was wrong."

"I foresaw the arrival of the Great Calamity but did not expect something even more terrifying above our Xuanhuang Realm."

"The Ten Great Immortal Sects knew everything yet left us to die."

"This enmity is irreconcilable!"

"But remember, the Ten Sects are too powerful to confront directly. After returning to the Xuanhuang Realm, take refuge in the ‘Valley of Longevity’ and preserve your strength. Act cautiously after the calamity subsides."

"After my death, my son Liu Yihang will temporarily serve as sect master, supported by the elders. Once he breaks through to Soul Transformation, he may formally assume the position."

"In critical times of life and death, internal strife is unacceptable!"

…

The phantom recited Liu Ruchen's will mechanically. Li Fan stood quietly, listening.

Long after the message concluded, the phantom dissolved into starlight, leaving behind a glowing, diamond-shaped crystal.

Li Fan knew this was the control core of the Medicine King Cauldron.

Originally intended for Liu Yihang, it now belonged to the prescient Li Fan.

Using the control core with his energy body, Li Fan opened the Wall of Life and Death and entered the main control room.

After seven days of refining, he gained control over the Medicine King True Cauldron.

Although many advanced functions were temporarily unusable without Longevity Green Energy, most basic features were operational.

Li Fan reviewed the images recorded by the Medicine King True Cauldron.

They matched what Xiao Heng and others had seen in his previous life.

In the boundless void, the Xuanhuang Realm’s light sphere appeared insignificantly small, while the Immortal Ruins above threatened to devour everything.

The images continued.

The Medicine King Cauldron, unable to resist, fell toward the Immortal Ruins despite the light radiating from its surface.

Drawing closer to the Immortal Ruins, its collapse seemed inevitable.

At that moment, countless glowing particles emerged from the cauldron, seemingly granting it infinite power.

Amid resounding roars, the cauldron changed its trajectory.

Yet Li Fan’s focus remained on the recorded images of the Immortal Ruins.

Due to the proximity, he discerned a clearer view of the ruins’ outline.

The desolate land was strewn with remnants of destruction.

Amid the ruins stood a towering figure silently gazing downward.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 610


It was as if he had glimpsed the presence of a higher-dimensional being, one that exuded an inherent oppressive aura.

The moment the figure appeared, Li Fan's heart began to pound violently.

The hairs on his body stood on end, and beads of cold sweat dripped from his forehead.

Even the recording of the scene by the Medicine King True Cauldron seemed to have been affected, becoming distorted and blurry.

Subconsciously taking a step back, Li Fan finally regained his composure, his face slightly pale.

"Even just the recorded image carries such overwhelming power."

"Could it be... a True Immortal?"

Before Liu Ruchen's fall, he had explained many things.

Among them was the terrifying existence that loomed over the Xuanhuang Realm, as if it could devour everything.

In ancient times, cultivators who broke through the Dao Integration realm and endured heavenly tribulations could ascend to the upper realm.But one day, everything changed.

A cultivator who successfully transcended the tribulation and ascended to the Immortal Realm unexpectedly returned shortly afterward, looking grim.

It was then that people realized the path to the Immortal Realm had been severed.

The original Immortal Realm passage had become nothing but ruins.

At the time, most cultivators were only aware of the existence of the "Immortal Ruins."

What exactly the ruins were like, and their true state, remained unknown.

With the path to immortality broken, more and more Dao Integration cultivators lingered in the human realm.

However, the lifespan of a Dao Integration cultivator—at most a few millennia—was limited.

For those who reached this level, extraordinary talents all, the prospect of sitting idly by and awaiting death was unthinkable.

Thus, the Longevity Immortal Realm emerged.

There existed miraculous treasures in heaven and earth, capable of granting longevity.

Certain rare objects, imbued with the essence of heaven and earth, held special dominion.

When a cultivator's lifespan neared its end, defying fate meant seizing these dominions—this was the origin of the Longevity Attainment Position.

The earliest Longevity Immortal Realm cultivators achieved their state in precisely this manner.

However, the Longevity Attainment Positions were limited, while the number of Dao Integration cultivators was far too vast.

Conflict was inevitable.

In the midst of such chaos, a faction known as the Xuantian Sect rose rapidly to power.

The leader of the Xuantian Sect was none other than the cultivator who had ascended to the Immortal Realm and returned.

At the time, he was the only individual in the Xuanhuang Realm infused with immortal energy, standing just half a step away from becoming a True Immortal.

A True Immortal represented a qualitative transformation compared to ordinary cultivators.

As a result, his power far exceeded that of other Dao Integration and Longevity Immortal Realm cultivators.

Under his leadership, the Xuantian Sect swept across the Xuanhuang Realm with an almost crushing momentum.

Apart from his overwhelming strength, he was also a master strategist.

He used the Longevity Attainment Position as bait to recruit over a dozen of the most powerful Dao Integration cultivators in the cultivation world.

With these allies, the Xuantian Sect became unstoppable.

From that point onward, the Xuantian Sect dominated the world, with few daring to oppose them.

This half-step immortal called himself the Xuantian King.

The sect's twelve strongest warriors were known as the Mysterious Law Kings.

After nearly unifying the cultivation world, the Xuantian Sect sought to consolidate its rule, inspired by the idea of seizing the dominion of longevity.

They began to covet the dominions of other aspects of heaven and earth.

In ancient times, cultivators revered the heavens and earth.

Although they could move mountains, fill seas, and split rivers, they believed their mighty powers ultimately stemmed from heaven and earth.

But after the rise of the Xuantian Sect...

The rules were broken.

The Xuantian Sect replaced heaven, granting ordinary mortals powers rivaling those of cultivators through the decrees of their heavenly king.

Not all cultivators accepted this domination without resistance...

The 'Xuantian King' obtained a rare treasure from an unknown source, called the Xuantian Mirror, capable of observing all things in the world.

After several secret gatherings, before any significant threat could form, the Xuantian Sect wiped them out entirely.

Countless cultivators were implicated, and a sea of blood turned the heavens upside down.

The sects of the world, already weak, lost any remaining will to resist after this incident.

But no kingdom lasts forever.

In the later years of the Xuantian Sect’s rule, they became increasingly arrogant. The sect’s members began wantonly oppressing and humiliating other cultivators.

Eventually, when the people of the world could no longer endure, the Ten Great Immortal Sects rallied everyone, uniting the cultivators to overthrow the rule of the Xuantian Sect.

“Hmph, now that I look back, the Ten Great Immortal Sects and the Xuantian Sect are no different—just two sides of the same coin.”

“The Immortal Ruins forcibly absorb all material and energy from the outside world.”

“The so-called Ten Great Immortal Sects, the proclaimed leaders of the world's sects, have never informed us about such critical matters concerning the survival of the world.”

In his dying words, Liu Ruchen spoke these bitter words, filled with resentment.

Liu Ruchen speculated that some unimaginable upheaval must have occurred in the Immortal Realm in the past.

This was the only explanation for the complete severance of the path to immortality.

And that corpse atop the Immortal Ruins—it was likely an immortal who fled from the Immortal Realm.

Even a true immortal could not escape the terrifying pull of the Immortal Ruins. One could only imagine the catastrophic consequences if the Xuanhuang Realm were to fall into the Immortal Ruins.

There would likely be no living beings capable of surviving such a calamity.

The Ten Great Immortal Sects of the Immortal Dao, who led the overthrow of the Xuantian Sect and inherited their legacy, could not have been unaware of this matter.

Yet they kept it secret.

Even when the Medicine King Sect attempted to breach the boundaries of the Xuanhuang World, they issued no warnings, coldly watching as the entire sect marched to their deaths.

It was utterly detestable.

The scene continued playing, showing the Medicine King Cauldron violently trembling. Ultimately, it narrowly avoided disaster.

It circled the terrifying entrance of the Immortal Ruins and returned to the Xuanhuang World.

The vision faded, reverting to the scenery at the bottom of the Cangwu Abyss.

Yet, Li Fan remained dazed for a long time.

In truth, Liu Ruchen’s decision to use the Medicine King Cauldron to escape the Xuanhuang World was not an impractical plan.

After all, the lives of every cultivator in the sect were at stake, and Liu Ruchen was not a reckless man.

The elders of the Medicine King Sect ultimately agreed to his plan.

There were fundamental reasons behind this.

The Medicine King Sect’s ancestor, Sun Piaomiao, during the initial severance of the path to immortality, ventured into other cultivation realms nearby in search of a way to ascend.

But to his shock, he discovered that these worlds, like the Xuanhuang World, had also lost their connection to the Immortal Realm.

Further exploration into the void was beyond his capabilities.

Thus, he had no choice but to return.

The Dao Compass of the Medicine King Sect pointed toward a cultivation realm called [Xiaoyao], which Sun Piaomiao had visited in the past.

To Liu Ruchen, since the ancestor had traveled through the void without encountering danger, he believed that with enough caution, he could replicate this journey safely.

Who could have foreseen that disaster would strike before they even left the Xuanhuang World?

“At first, Sun Piaomiao could ignore the pull of the Immortal Ruins and freely travel to and from the Xuanhuang World.”

“But now, escaping has become almost impossible.”

“The Xuantian Sect and the Ten Great Immortal Sects have been continuously capturing nearby small worlds and dimensional realms in an attempt to resist the pull of the Immortal Ruins.”

“To this day, even the ‘weight’ of cultivators has become crucial to the survival of the Xuanhuang World.”

“So, the pull of the Immortal Ruins has been continuously strengthening over time?”

Li Fan was slightly startled. Piecing together the information, he reached this conclusion.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 611


“It’s very likely. And it makes sense,” Li Fan murmured after a long pause, nodding slowly.

This conclusion finally resolved a question that had puzzled Li Fan for a long time:

When the Immortal Ruins appeared, why didn’t they directly swallow the Xuanhuang Realm?

Instead, the cultivators within were given enough time to continuously capture nearby heavenly caves and small worlds to resist?

Given the terrifying suction power of the Immortal Ruins now, if it had been the initial Xuanhuang Realm alone, it would have been impossible to hold out.

Moreover, capturing small worlds is not something that happens overnight. The countless surrounding worlds must be the result of thousands of years of tireless efforts by sects like the Xuantian Sect and the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

All this evidence points to one conclusion: the suction power of the Immortal Ruins has been growing steadily stronger over time.

As for why the suction power keeps increasing...

It’s very likely because the Xuanhuang Realm is gradually getting closer to the Immortal Ruins.

A vivid picture formed in Li Fan’s mind:

On the endless Void Sea, countless cultivation worlds floated like ships on water.

One day, a black hole known as the “Immortal Ruins” appeared above the Void Sea.

Its powerful suction continuously devoured everything around it, forming a massive vortex.

Under the influence of the Immortal Ruins, the cultivation worlds in the Void Sea were uncontrollably pulled closer to it.

At first, due to the minimal changes, people in the cultivation worlds didn’t notice.

It wasn’t until the speed of descent toward the Immortal Ruins increased significantly that they realized something was wrong.

Out of survival instinct, akin to a drowning person clutching at anything to stay afloat, the cultivators of the Xuanhuang Realm began tying “ropes” to distant, relatively fixed “reefs” in the Void Sea — heavenly caves and small worlds — in an attempt to delay their inevitable demise.

Of course, during this process, there were cultivators who sought to abandon the ship and search for new vessels to escape on their own.

But if everyone did this, the Xuanhuang Realm would sink even faster.

Thus, the leaders of the Xuanhuang Realm — whether it was the Xuantian Sect, the Ten Great Immortal Sects, or the current Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association — unanimously decided to keep the true state of the Xuanhuang Realm’s plight a secret.

Initially, they believed that by relying on these ropes, they could gradually pull the Xuanhuang Realm out of the vortex.

But they were wrong.

“The weight of cultivators may be tied to these ropes. Initially, the ropes connected directly between worlds, but after cultivators conquered realms, they became part of the connection themselves.

“If a cultivator suddenly dies, it’s like several strands in a rope disappearing.

“Though the heavens can mend the rope over time, there’s still a delay.

“If the death rate of cultivators stays normal, it’s manageable. But if it surpasses a certain threshold...”

Li Fan recalled from his previous life how Ji Hongdao, when directly confronting Senior Sister Zhao in the Tianling Prefecture, used the 'Tianxuan Spirit-Locking Formation to instantly kill a state's worth of cultivators, using mutual destruction as intimidation.

At the moment when many cultivators lost their lives, even the entire Xuanhuang Realm trembled slightly.

“These attached heavenly caves and small worlds are crucial for the Xuanhuang Realm’s survival. The so-called ‘ropes’ are not so easily severed.

“If it were possible, some cultivators would’ve fled to these small worlds through the Immortal Severance Passage and severed the connections to the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“It’s not that they didn’t want to; they just couldn’t.”

“The Empire’s use of the Ten Thousand Rift-Whales to carve paths in the Void Sea isn’t cutting the ropes but extending them.

“When the ropes stretch far enough — the distance between the Xuanhuang Realm and these worlds grows sufficiently large — and when the Xuanhuang Realm finally falls into the Immortal Ruins and disintegrates, perhaps the other end of the ropes will break free, allowing them to escape.”

“Unfortunately, this process takes too long. The Xuanhuang Realm might not last that long.”

Li Fan suddenly thought: If the Xuanhuang Realm can capture heavenly caves and small worlds, why not connect to worlds of similar scale? A complete world would be much more effective than heavenly caves.

“Maybe they tried and failed.”

“Or maybe... they couldn’t locate those worlds in the first place.”

An idea struck Li Fan.

Other worlds floating on the Void Sea, realizing the Xuanhuang Realm’s plight, would likely avoid being dragged down by hiding themselves.

Heavenly caves and small worlds can’t hide, but highly developed cultivation worlds likely can.

Those that couldn’t hide have likely already been pulled into the Immortal Ruins along with the Xuanhuang Realm.

Adding to this, the Immortal Ruins’ presence has caused the Void Sea itself to shift, making previous landmarks unreliable.

This could explain why the Xuanhuang Realm suddenly lost contact with other cultivation worlds.

“What was once a luminous Void Sea turned dark in an instant. Each world now faces not only the threat of the Immortal Ruins but also the need to hide themselves to avoid detection by others.”

“A truly despairing scenario.”

Though Li Fan considered this grim reality, he felt no fear.

With the presence of the [Truth], finding a way out among countless possibilities was no challenge.

Moreover, if even the remains of True Immortals can remain intact within the Immortal Ruins, it suggests that falling into the Immortal Ruins doesn’t necessarily mean death. Survival might simply depend on sufficient strength.

...

After a long silence, Li Fan raised his head, his gaze piercing through the transparent wall of the Medicine King Cauldron and into the heavens.

“If my guess is correct, it’s easy to verify.

“All I need to do is leave the Xuanhuang Realm and face the Immortal Ruins directly.”

“Thousands of years ago, Liu Ruchen used the Medicine King Cauldron to fly in the Void Sea for a while before being drawn to the Immortal Ruins.

“Now, so much time has passed. Once I leave the Xuanhuang Realm and lose its protection, I might be pulled toward the Immortal Ruins immediately.”

“Perhaps one day, as we draw closer, we’ll even see the Immortal Ruins and the remains of the True Immortals standing silently there.”

Li Fan summoned the control core of the Medicine King True Cauldron into his hand.

“In this era, before I return with the [Truth], I should make the most of this opportunity to explore the truth.”

After a long time, Li Fan put the crystalline core away.

“Now that I have full control over the Medicine King True Cauldron, the lives of the Medicine King Sect’s slumbering members are in my hands.

“Currently, there are six Dao Integration cultivators, twenty-three Soul Transformation cultivators, and countless Nascent Soul and lower-level cultivators.”

“My greatest gain this time isn’t just these cultivators but also the knowledge of a hidden secret realm: the Valley of Longevity.”

“I wonder if it still exists after thousands of years.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 612


The 'Valley of Longevity' was a secret realm accidentally discovered by the Medicine King Sect in ancient times.

Named after its abundant production of the ingredients required to refine the [Longevity Pill], the name speaks for itself: the Longevity Pill is a type of elixir capable of extending the lifespan of cultivators.

This pill was a closely guarded secret of the Medicine King Sect and the key to its immense wealth and power. Depending on the quality of the pill, the lifespan it could extend varied. The highest-quality Longevity Pill even surpassed the [Heavenly Transformation Feather Pill], capable of granting an additional thousand years of life.

To refine the Longevity Pill, one needed not only extremely high-quality medicinal materials but also the Medicine King Cauldron as the core, supplemented by 81 smaller Medicine King Cauldrons, forming the [Great World-Saving Longevity Formation]. During the process, the elixir had to be constantly infused with ‘Longevity Green Energy’.

This process took 49 days to complete one batch of refined pills. Though complex, the results were well worth the effort.

Compared to other longevity-extending treasures, the Longevity Pill had a significant advantage: it could be consumed repeatedly.

Although each subsequent pill's effect diminished significantly until it eventually became ineffective, it was still far superior to other treasures that lost their effectiveness entirely after a single use.

The Sea of Void was vast and boundless, requiring immense courage to traverse. The Longevity Pill and the [Great Dream Spring and Autumn Formation], which allowed an entire sect to enter a state of suspended animation, were the two great lifelines of the Medicine King Sect.

“This Longevity Pill is truly a treasure. Unfortunately, before the Medicine King Sect departed, most of the pills were sold off in exchange for reserved resources,” Li Fan lamented.

“The remaining ones are now in the hands of those elders,” he noted after examining the inventory of resources stored in the Medicine King Cauldron, feeling a hint of regret.

However, he consoled himself with the realization that most of the Medicine King Sect’s cultivators were now under his control. There would be plenty of opportunities to have them refine more pills for him.

Feeling somewhat at ease, Li Fan remarked, “Let’s check on the current state of the Valley of Longevity. If it remains undiscovered, that would be ideal. After thousands of years, it’s hard to imagine what kind of herbs might have grown there.”

“But if it has already been found and developed by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance...”

“Well, that’s fine too.”

After reviewing the materials needed to refine the Longevity Pill, Li Fan realized they were still available for purchase in the Tianxuan Mirror, though they were rather expensive. However, refining the pills and selling them again would undoubtedly yield a profit.

Moreover, he currently wasn’t short on contribution points.

“Jiarong Territory in Southern Fuzhou…”

“What kind of place is this?”

When Li Fan tried to locate the Valley of Longevity based on the coordinates from Linghu Chang’s memories, he encountered difficulties.

That location no longer existed within the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

“Could it be within the region of the Five Elders Association?” Li Fan felt a twinge of unease.

“Or maybe not. After so many years, and with the severance of traditions, it might have simply been renamed,” he thought.

With narrowed eyes, Li Fan began comparing the surrounding terrain of the Valley of Longevity to the current geography within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s borders, hoping to pinpoint its exact location.

After a painstaking search, he was ultimately forced to give up.

“Although I know that the geography of the Xuanhuang World changes over time, I didn’t expect it to reach such an absurd extent,” Li Fan muttered, taking a deep breath.

According to Linghu Chang’s memories, the Valley of Longevity was near a Wormtail Mountain Range

, but now, there were several Wormtail Mountains within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s territory.

Compared to thousands of years ago, the Wormtail Mountain Range seemed as though it had been cut into dozens of segments, then scattered chaotically across various locations.

This was only true for the parts that still retained their original names. As for those that had lost their names, they were even harder to locate.

Finding the exact location of the Longevity Valley solely by personal effort would be akin to searching for a needle in a haystack.

If one tried to search location by location, it would indeed be possible to eventually find it, but...

It wasn’t necessary.

Li Fan’s time was extremely valuable.

After pondering for a long while, he decided to leave it to the professionals.

Storing Medicine King True Cauldron in his personal cave heaven domain, Li Fan silently returned to the Congyun Sea.

He then used the Tianxuan Mirror to conduct research and eventually contacted a cultivator named Ximen Yu, who specialized in studying ancient and modern geographical changes.

Ximen Yu’s work, An Examination of Ancient and Modern Mountains and Rivers, was widely circulated.

By using ancient sect ruins as reference points and recalculating directional changes, the book offered results that had been verified by many cultivators with minimal error.

Of course, the Xuanhuang Realm was vast, and the examples in the book merely demonstrated Ximen Yu’s capability in such calculations.

If someone wanted to determine the exact location of places mentioned in ancient texts, they just needed to pay a contribution fee, and the problem would be resolved immediately!

Ximen Yu’s intent was clear: he aimed to earn contribution points with his unique skill.

Li Fan admired such practicality and efficiency.

To obscure his true purpose, Li Fan provided a list of over 50 ancient locations from memory and requested Ximen Yu to calculate their current positions.

Ximen Yu, thrilled to receive such a large order for the first time, repeatedly offered to give Li Fan a discount.

But Li Fan waved it off generously, only asking him to speed up the process.

Having received the deposit, Ximen Yu readily agreed, hung up the communication, and hurried off to begin his calculations.

For Li Fan, the extra contribution points were insignificant—a mere drop in the ocean. Avoiding potential trouble was well worth the cost.

Recalculating over 50 locations was a massive undertaking, and it would take some time to obtain the results.

Meanwhile, Li Fan quietly arrived at Shenhua Island.

It had been seven years since the people from the Outer Realm were brought here.

Ye Feipeng, Xiao Heng, Sun Erlang, and others had all grown into young men full of vigor.

However, due to the rule Li Fan had set—that they must defeat the Tianyang Puppet to leave the island—they had been trapped on Shenhua Island all this time, unable to take a single step off it.

Being passionate and energetic youths, they were nearly going mad from the confinement.

Yet, they dared not provoke the Tianyang Puppet and instead spent their days sparring with one another to burn off energy.

Li Fan smiled as he scanned the group, ensuring they didn’t notice his presence. Then, he made his way to a secret chamber on the island.

This chamber, protected by a formation Li Fan had set up, could only be entered by the Tianyang.

Inside, jars of fresh, crimson blood were stored, faintly emitting the sound of angry roars.

These were the result of the Tianyang, acting under Li Fan’s orders, periodically extracting blood from Ye Feipeng.

After such a long time, a significant amount had accumulated.

Even though Ye Feipeng had the Kunpeng bloodline, being drained so frequently made it impossible for him to gain weight.

Thus, unlike his previous life where he was a chubby figure, this time Ye Feipeng was rather slender.

Referring to him as a refined gentleman would be perfectly accurate.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 613


Li Fan suspended a jar of blood in midair and crushed it with a flick of his fingers.

The fierce aura of Kunpeng essence blood gushed out, writhing as if alive, inching outward with an unsettling vitality.

With a wave of his hand, Li Fan encapsulated the blood within the boundaries of his cave heaven domain and began to analyze and comprehend its properties carefully.

The purpose of this study was clear: to replicate the three divine abilities that Ye Feipeng had demonstrated in his previous life—Kun Devour, Peng Flight, and Bloodline Transmission.

Among these, Kun Devour had become almost irrelevant to Li Fan since he acquired the Five Elements Cave Heaven. Peng Flight, however, offered a form of escape technique worth adapting.

The most critical ability, and the one Li Fan urgently sought to master, was undoubtedly Bloodline Transmission.

This ancient beast-originated technique allowed the wielder to imbue their own essence blood into others, subtly influencing and eventually altering their thoughts.

Over time, this transformation would turn the recipient into a loyal subordinate who would unwaveringly serve the master of the essence blood.

In his previous life, Ye Feipeng, who initially loathed his demonic beast bloodline, had eventually grown proud of his Kunpeng heritage. His disdainful term “demonic beast” had gradually morphed into the reverent “sacred beast.”

Such a technique was ideal for controlling the disciples of the Medicine King Sect and others.For now, Li Fan had managed to temporarily subdue individuals like He Zhenghao and Gao Yuan through coercion and persuasion. But managing a large number of people this way posed significant risks.

The disciples of the Medicine King Sect, who were familiar with each other, would be even harder to control without direct measures. Li Fan needed them primarily for refining pills and occasionally as combatants. Watching them constantly wasn’t feasible.

Without a method to enforce his control, he couldn’t fully trust them.

Thus, mastering ‘Bloodline Transmission’ became a necessity.

Under his meticulous observation, every particle of Kunpeng essence blood seemed to possess its own consciousness, emitting sharp, unsettling cries that made Li Fan frown.

Extracting a single droplet, he absorbed it into his body through his fingertip, closely monitoring how it transformed his physical being.

As soon as the Kunpeng essence blood made contact with his flesh, the sharp sounds abruptly ceased.

The blood became eerily silent as tiny tendrils extended deep into his tissues, anchoring themselves like parasites.

Scarlet flashes of light pulsed along the tendrils, siphoning energy from his flesh into the essence blood.

Moments later, the essence blood began to bubble as though boiling, undergoing a self-evolution.

In no time, it mimicked Li Fan’s own flesh so precisely that even he, the host, could barely discern the difference without close scrutiny.

Despite completing its transformation, the Kunpeng blood didn’t release its grip. Instead, it transmitted streams of dark red energy back into the attached flesh, initiating an enigmatic transformation.

To Li Fan’s astonishment, the altered tissues sprouted their own tendrils, attacking adjacent unaltered flesh like predators.

“So, this is homomorphic evolution…”

Li Fan murmured thoughtfully. Harnessing the power of his cavernous domain, he obliterated the corrupted tissues and the original Kunpeng essence blood in a burst of ash. ṟ𝒶ΝÖＢĚS̈

The abrupt loss of a portion of his body caused his face to flush, but he recovered almost instantly.

“The indestructibility of the cave heaven makes a cultivator nearly immortal. This new method truly excels in such aspects. If this were an ancient Nascent Soul cultivator, recovering from such damage would be far more challenging,” Li Fan remarked with mild admiration.

After recovering, he absorbed another batch of Kunpeng essence blood and consumed a comprehension pill to delve deeper into the Bloodline Transmission process.

Time after time, he purged the corrupted flesh, then resumed his analysis, repeating the cycle.

Finally, when the room was nearly empty of essence blood, with only one jar remaining, Li Fan halted his efforts.

A glimmer of insight flashed in his eyes as he pondered.

“It seems that the process by which Kunpeng essence blood transforms the body mirrors the methods of the new cultivation system. Both extract and analyze a portion of the target, then mimic and replace it with an overwhelming proliferation of the substitute.”

“Ultimately, they achieve dominance by substituting the original entirely.”

With a single thought, Li Fan took out a slumbering Foundation Establishment stage cultivator of the Medicine King Sect from the Medicine King True Cauldron.

He extracted a drop of his own essence blood, wrapped it in spiritual energy, and slowly infused it into the cultivator's body.

The cultivator instantly awoke in shock, but they were firmly restrained by the "Binding Insect" divine ability, unable to move.

The cultivator stared at Li Fan in panic, struggling violently yet futilely.

Li Fan, however, remained unfazed, focusing intently on manipulating his drop of essence blood.

At first, the infiltration process went smoothly.

The essence blood expanded its influence, quickly occupying most of the space within the cultivator's body.

However, something must have been exposed.

The cultivator’s body began rejecting the parts controlled by Li Fan's blood, causing violent convulsions and uncontrollable spasms. They coughed up mouthfuls of fresh blood before succumbing to death in a short time.

“Apologies,” Li Fan said flatly.

With that, he raised his head and looked to the sky.

The clouds were light, the wind calm—there were no unusual phenomena.

“It seems the heavens have no objections to you old-school cultivators,” Li Fan muttered.

He then selected another Medicine King Sect cultivator and resumed his experiments.

...

Seven days later.

After yet another failure, Li Fan paused for a moment.

“I’ve been too hasty,” he reflected.

“Expanding too quickly triggers the body’s natural backlash.”

...

“If I treat the target cultivator as a complete world, then my drop of essence blood is equivalent to a cultivator practicing the new path of cultivation.”

“I may not possess the Kunpeng divine abilities, but surely I can progress step by step.”

Suddenly, Li Fan seemed to have an epiphany.

This experiment was notably longer than the previous ones.

Li Fan also exhausted a great deal of mental energy.

However, the results were gratifying.

The "lucky subject" remained entirely unaware of the changes happening within their body, sleeping soundly and peacefully.

Yet Li Fan could sense a subtle, wondrous connection between himself and the subject.

It wasn’t as controllable as a clone, which could act as an extension of one’s limbs.

Instead, he could clearly perceive the state of the subject’s body and even vaguely sense fleeting thoughts crossing their mind.

Li Fan glanced at the system panel.

Sure enough, a new divine ability called "Bloodline Transmission" had appeared on the list.

Strangely, Li Fan did not seem particularly excited.

During the process of comprehending Bloodline Transmission, he had faintly sensed certain truths.

He recalled a fleeting inspiration he had experienced before—a revelation that had been forcibly erased from his memory.

If the "lucky subject" before him were to represent the Xuanhuang Realm,

And the cultivators of the new path of cultivation were the "mutated essence blood" subtly transforming the Xuanhuang Realm,

Then...

What role does the fabled Immortal Ancestor play in all of this?

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 614


Thousands of years ago, the Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor appeared out of nowhere, teaching the masses a new method to seize the heavens and plunder the earth.

From that moment onward, people no longer needed to be troubled by so-called talent. Everyone could cultivate!

The trajectory of the Xuanhuang Realm's history was thus altered.

At the beginning, the world of immortal cultivation indeed experienced a brief golden age due to the popularity of the new method.

Nascent Souls were as common as dogs, and Soul Transformation cultivators roamed everywhere.

However, just like Li Fan’s earlier experiment with the Kunpeng’s essence blood, such reckless proliferation and devouring inevitably invited retaliation from heaven and earth.

The emergence of the restriction against practicing multiple technique simultaneously was like a thunderbolt to the cultivators of that era.

Later, the unexpected descent of the immortal-mortal miasma dealt a fatal blow to the cultivators.

Subsequently, the Xuanhuang Immortal Cultivation World entered a prolonged dark age.

During this time, the Immortal Ancestor once again emerged.In the desolate lands of immortal cultivation, he gathered the surviving cultivators and reestablished the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

The origin of the Immortal Ancestor has always been a mystery.

Neither the Ten Great Immortal Sects in ancient times nor modern cultivators have ever managed to uncover his background.

Yet, the Immortal Ancestor, who was both scholarly and peerless, remained elusive like a dragon’s head glimpsed but its tail hidden.

Even if the world wanted to probe his identity, it was as futile as "raising one's hand to touch the heavens," a goal out of reach.

Was he born with innate knowledge? Did he create this groundbreaking method without a teacher?

What was his purpose? If he truly acted for all beings, why was he absent during the great catastrophe that ravaged lives? Why did he only appear thousands of years later? Where had he been during that time?

Where is he now?

There are far too many secrets about the Immortal Ancestor that the world cannot unravel.

At this moment, as Li Fan meditated on comprehending the divine power of [Bloodline Transmission], the suppressed inspiration resurfaced.

Thus, he began to deduce the potential methods of the Immortal Ancestor.

Every cultivator practicing the new method seemed like a “mutated essence blood” assimilated by the Immortal Ancestor.

Originally part of the world, they had turned into aberrations devouring the world itself.

“Does the Immortal Ancestor aim to dominate the Xuanhuang Realm through this method?”

“Like how I manipulate cultivators using [Bloodline Transmission]?”

“Judging by the current results, one could say he has already succeeded. The myriad affairs of Xuanhuang lie entirely within his grasp!”

Li Fan couldn’t help but sigh in admiration.

Without a doubt, the original Immortal Ancestor wasn’t so powerful.

He might have even been just an ordinary Dao Integration cultivator.

Yet, through this method, he carved out a unique path, akin to a snake swallowing an elephant.

In less than a millennium, he had already transcended the Xuanhuang Realm.

However, Li Fan believed that “dominating the Xuanhuang Realm” wasn’t the ultimate goal of the Immortal Ancestor. Instead, it might have been a necessary step toward achieving another objective.

Just as Li Fan didn’t simply control the cultivators of the Medicine King Sect for the sake of control itself.

Rather, he aimed to use them to refine the [Longevity Pill].

Then, what might the ultimate goal of the Immortal Ancestor be?

Li Fan suddenly recalled the silhouette he had glimpsed in the Immortal Ruins, and his heart shuddered.

Could it be that the immortals weren’t dead and sought to use the world’s power to resurrect themselves?

“It’s not impossible. The so-called innate knowledge, even if it exists, should have limits. To be as monstrous as the Immortal Ancestor…”

“He must either be a transmigrator like me or a reincarnated individual like Senior Brother Zhang.”

"Or they come from the outside! Whether it's immortals descending to the world, or others smuggling in from other immortal cultivation realms..."

…

Li Fan’s thoughts churned in his mind, refusing to settle.

It wasn’t until the Medicine King Sect cultivator, whose essence blood he had eroded, slowly awakened that his attention shifted.

“Who are you…” Xia Ye muttered in confusion, glancing around at his unfamiliar surroundings. His mind was a chaotic mess.

He vaguely remembered that shortly after leaving the Xuanhuang Realm, the Medicine King Cauldron underwent violent tremors. Following that, the sect master activated the [Great Dream of Spring and Autumn Formation], forcing him into dormancy.

From the look of this place, it didn’t seem to be inside the Medicine King Cauldron.

Where was he?

Moreover…

Looking at the figure not far away, Xia Ye felt an inexplicable sense of closeness.

“You’re awake.” He heard a voice that was extraordinarily pleasant.

The tension in Xia Ye’s heart instantly dissipated, and he instinctively relaxed.

The figure then began explaining the cause and course of events.

Upon encountering a fiery meteor falling from the sky, [he] felt a resonance between the meteor and a small cauldron he had accidentally obtained before. Thus, he came to investigate.

Entering the cauldron, he found that all the cabin doors in the rooms were tightly sealed—except for the one where Xia Ye resided, which was inexplicably open.

He discovered Xia Ye severely injured and decided to bring him out for treatment.

...

"Truly, thank you, senior," Xia Ye expressed his gratitude, ignoring many of the illogical aspects of Li Fan's words.

In the subsequent conversation with Li Fan, Xia Ye was repeatedly shocked:

"What? This is the Xuanhuang Realm?"

"How did I return here?"

"It's already been several thousand years?"

Without doubting Li Fan's words at all, Xia Ye was left soul-shaken, struggling to accept this reality for the time being.

"I was inconsiderate. I should have waited until you recovered more before telling you the truth."

"For now, rest. I’ll watch over things here. You can be at ease," Li Fan said gently, seeing Xia Ye's distraught expression.

Xia Ye nodded, somewhat overwhelmed by the unexpected care. Lying on the stone bed in the secret chamber, he soon fell into a deep sleep again.

...

Li Fan observed thoughtfully, "To completely disregard me, a stranger, this must be the power of [Bloodline Transmission]."

"The effect is unexpectedly good—immediate, even. However, this might also be because this kid is only at the Foundation Establishment stage."

"The stronger the target's power, the longer it might take to fully transform their mindset."

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan finally retrieved a green fruit from the Cave Heaven Domain.

This blue fruit appeared to exist somewhere between reality and illusion, disappearing from Li Fan's palm at regular intervals before reappearing.

"The Fruit of True Temptation," Li Fan murmured as he looked at this treasure from the Five Elders Association. He stepped forward again, returning to the Medicine King Cauldron.

Using Linghu Chang's memories, he located Elder Liu San of the Medicine King Sect, who had reached the Dao Integration stage.

Carefully controlling the formation, Li Fan avoided waking Liu San.

“I am Liu Yihang of the Medicine King Sect, the adopted son of Sect Master Liu Ruchen. By the late master's decree, I now oversee the Medicine King Sect...”

Li Fan pressed the green Fruit of True Temptation to his brow and began chanting.

A faint, imperceptible light flowed from his Sea of Consciousness into the fruit.

Moments later, the fruit shed its illusory nature, becoming an ordinary-looking fruit. However, it now emitted a peculiar fragrance that made even Li Fan swallow involuntarily.

Resisting the temptation, Li Fan carefully crushed the Fruit of True Temptation into green liquid and fed it to Liu San.

As he deactivated the Great Dream Spring and Autumn Formation, Li Fan also activated the internal defense formation of the Medicine King's Cauldron. Standing outside the door, he waited patiently.

Soon after, Liu San stirred.

Unlike Xia Ye's initial dazed confusion, Liu San immediately sensed something was amiss upon waking.

His eyes flashed with a sharp glint as he sprang to his feet, his divine sense scanning the surroundings.

When he saw Li Fan standing at the door, Liu San's face revealed a trace of astonishment.

"Young Master?"

"You're awake too?"

Liu San instinctively asked.

Seeing this, Li Fan relaxed and calmly deactivated the formation. In a deep voice, he said, "Something major has happened."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 615


Liu San frowned slightly upon hearing this and said, "Young master, why are you so flustered? As cultivators, even if mountains and seas collapse before us, we should remain unfazed..."

"We failed in our plan to escape the Xuanhuang Realm," Li Fan interrupted.

"What?" Liu San's expression changed abruptly.

"Foster father... he sacrificed himself to save us," Li Fan continued.

"What?"

It was as if Liu San had been struck by a thunderbolt. He stood frozen in place.

"The master... this is impossible!"

Liu San's body trembled slightly, his eyes filled with disbelief.

Li Fan pressed further, shattering Liu San’s composure: "While we were asleep, thousands of years passed in the outside world."

"What?""How could this happen?"

Liu San looked at Li Fan blankly, overwhelmed by grief, shock, and confusion.

In an instant, Liu San felt his mind thrown into chaos. Never in all his years of cultivation had he experienced as much shock as he did in this single day.

Yet Liu San failed to notice that, despite the outrageous and absurd nature of Li Fan’s words, he didn’t doubt them at all.

Even a mortal youth wouldn’t trust someone so easily, let alone a cultivator at the Dao Integration stage.

But such irrational belief occurred with Liu San.

"The principles of longevity Immortality are truly terrifying," Li Fan couldn’t help but marvel inwardly.

To better control Liu San, a Dao Integration cultivator, Li Fan had imbued the Fruit of True Temptation with not only information about himself as Liu Yihang of the Medicine King Sect but also a setting of “Liu San’s absolute trust in Liu Yihang.”

This was to ensure that nothing could go wrong.

After all, even ancient Dao Integration techniques were far beyond what Li Fan, a mere Nascent Soul cultivator, could contend with.

If Li Fan wanted to take control of the Medicine King Sect, he had to ensure that Liu San was firmly under his command.

Of the six Dao Integration cultivators currently in slumber within the Medicine King Cauldron, Li Fan chose Liu San because of his loyalty.

Addressing “Liu Yihang” as “young master” revealed Liu San’s identity.

Liu San was an orphan whom Liu Ruchen had accidentally rescued years ago.

Growing up under Liu Ruchen’s care, Liu San’s cultivation and techniques were all personally taught by him.

The relationship between Liu Ruchen and Liu San was both master-servant and teacher-student.

Liu San was a man of gratitude and loyalty. Even after achieving success in cultivation and reaching the Dao Integration stage, he always referred to himself as an "old servant" despite Liu Ruchen’s repeated encouragement to change his mindset. His unwavering devotion to Liu Ruchen only grew stronger over time.

When Liu Ruchen traveled, he entrusted the day-to-day affairs of the Medicine King Sect to Liu San.

Given Liu San’s loyalty, even though his strength was only average among the six Dao Integration cultivators, Li Fan chose him as the first target to control.

These thoughts flashed through Li Fan’s mind as he faced Liu San’s bewildered questions. With a sorrowful expression, he said, "Sigh, follow me, Elder Liu. You’ll understand once you see for yourself..."

Li Fan led Liu San to the central chamber of the Medicine King Cauldron, where he played recordings of the cauldron’s escape from the Xuanhuang Realm and Liu Ruchen’s self-sacrifice to save the sect.

"Sect Master!"

Despite his age, Liu San broke into tears, sobbing and wailing uncontrollably.

Li Fan stood silently by his side.

When Liu San gradually calmed his grief, Li Fan played Liu Ruchen’s final words.

Listening to Liu Ruchen’s last voice recordings, Liu San’s eyes welled with tears again.

This time, however, he did not cry out loud. Instead, he listened intently to every word, as if engraving them in his heart forever.

The will's image disappeared. After a long time, Liu San reluctantly regained his composure.

"The Ten Great Immortal Sects..." he gritted his teeth and said.

Seeing this, Li Fan sighed lightly and said, "The Ten Great Immortal Sects are indeed hateful, but even if we want to seek revenge now, we are probably powerless to do so."

Liu San was stunned. "Young Master, what do you mean by this? Wait, did you just say that thousands of years have passed in the outside world?"

Li Fan nodded. "That's right. After I woke up, I went out to investigate and discovered that, although we had only wandered briefly outside the Immortal Ruins, several thousand years had already passed within the Xuanhuang Realm."

"The Ten Great Immortal Sects of the past have long turned to dust, vanishing in the river of history. Now, the ones dominating the cultivation world are two colossal powers: the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association."

Li Fan then began explaining the "information" he had gathered about the current situation to Liu San.

As expected of a Dao Integration cultivator, after the initial shock, Liu San quickly accepted reality.

"Young Master, you were too reckless. To venture out alone and gather intelligence in such uncertain circumstances... Now that you bear the heavy responsibility of reviving the Medicine King Sect, what if something had happened to you..."

Li Fan waved his hand dismissively. "Desperate times call for desperate measures. At that time, I thought that the return of the Medicine King's Cauldron would inevitably attract the covetous eyes of certain individuals. My first priority was, of course, to understand our situation."

"Moreover, it’s not that I didn’t want to awaken everyone else. It’s just that..."

Li Fan’s expression suddenly grew grave. "Elder Liu, try circulating the Longevity and Lifespan Sutra and see for yourself."

Hearing this, Liu San was puzzled but complied.

Moments later, his face turned pale, and he closed his eyes, struggling to suppress the killing intent surging within him.

"What is this?"

His voice trembled slightly, betraying his inner turmoil.

“The great calamity of heaven and earth—inability to practice multiple techniques together.”

“Foster father’s premonition was correct, and the catastrophe is even more terrifying than imagined.”

Li Fan let out a long sigh. "Even the Ten Great Immortal Sects were wiped out during the great calamity, leaving only our Medicine King Sect barely surviving."

"This is also why I haven’t awakened the other members of the sect. If they were all to awaken at once, it would surely lead to a tragedy of mutual slaughter."

"In fact, it took me a long time and a change in cultivation techniques before I dared to awaken you, Elder Liu."

Liu San suppressed the lingering fear in his heart and nodded. "It seems that the Young Master has thought this through carefully."

"The place we are currently in is called the Congyun Sea. I was fortunate enough to make the acquaintance of a cultivator overseeing governance here, Zhou Qingang."

"With his help, I infiltrated the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. For now, I have barely managed to establish a foothold."

Li Fan slowly explained the current situation to Liu San.

"If it were just the two of us, living a decent life in this world shouldn’t be too difficult."

"But as for reviving the Medicine King Sect..."

Li Fan sighed softly and shook his head. "It’s exceedingly difficult!"

"The first issue we need to resolve is the inability to practice multiple techniques together. Otherwise, even if we awaken the sect members, it would only lead to more bloodshed."

"The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance does have countless techniques, but they require significant contributions to exchange for them."

"Although I have been working hard for some time, I have only just managed to exchange for the techniques I need for my own cultivation."

"So..."

Hearing this, Liu San fell into deep thought.

"The Longevity Pill?"

He asked.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 616


"Exactly," Li Fan nodded approvingly as Liu San eagerly answered his question.

"The current world of cultivation, after enduring several catastrophes of heaven and earth, has seen cultivators' lifespans drastically reduced compared to our time," Li Fan explained.

"Furthermore, life-extending treasures have become exceedingly rare. Even a pill that extends life by a mere century can drive cultivators into a frenzy."

"If we can resume mass production of the 'Longevity Pills' and exchange them for cultivation techniques suitable for all sect members, there is hope for our future."

Li Fan spoke confidently, his tone steady and assured.

"It's nothing more than revisiting an old craft," Liu San chimed in. "As long as we have enough manpower, it’s not a difficult task."

As he spoke, he retrieved a jade bottle from his storage ring.

"Here, I have nine high-grade Longevity Pills that the sect master previously rewarded me with. Each of them can extend life by approximately 600 years."

"You, young master, should take these and exchange them for spirit... ahem, what’s it called now? Contribution points?"

"Exactly," Li Fan replied nonchalantly. "Although the name has changed, the essence remains the same." Without hesitation, he accepted the bottle of precious pills, now worth a fortune, with a gracious nod.Liu San, however, voiced his concern. "Young master, as you mentioned, these Longevity Pills are extremely valuable. Selling them occasionally might be fine, but if we do so frequently, won’t it attract unwanted attention?"

Li Fan agreed with a nod. "You’re absolutely right, Elder Liu. That’s precisely why it’s not suitable for us to handle the transactions directly."

"I’ve mentioned this before—I've established a connection with Fellow Daoist Zhou Qingang. He has a powerful background and can manage everything on our behalf. We only need to share a portion of the profits with him."

Although Liu San frowned slightly, he refrained from commenting further.

Li Fan continued, "This is only a temporary solution. In the future, we will undoubtedly rebuild the Medicine King Sect."

"But it must be done gradually and with caution."

Hearing this, Liu San nodded in agreement.

"Elder Liu, stay inside the Medicine King Cauldron for now. I’ll head back and exchange the pills for cultivation techniques. Once we’ve awakened some disciples, we can discuss further plans."

After informing Liu San, Li Fan exited the Medicine King Cauldron.

However, the explanation he gave Liu San was merely to appease him. The Longevity Pills were not going to be casually traded.

With his current contribution points, Li Fan had more than enough to acquire the cultivation techniques necessary to revive disciples capable of refining Longevity Pills.

Still, the identity of "Li Fan, a cultivator of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect" would be discarded after the fiery battle of Crimson Flame burning the Sea.

Yet, the disciples of the Medicine King Sect still held value.

The question was how to ensure their identities were "cleansed" without linking them to Li Fan or each other.

After some thought, Li Fan decided to use a "divide and conquer" strategy.

Through his alternate persona, Zhou Qingang, he sought out Gao Yuan.

"Fellow Daoist Zhou, what brings you here?" Gao Yuan was surprised.

Ever since Zhou Qing’ang had become the spokesperson for the secret envoy, he had essentially become the de facto ruler of the Congyun Sea region.

Both Gao Yuan and He Zhenghao had to consult Zhou Qingang on major decisions.

Moreover, Zhou Qingang’s work ethic—handling everything meticulously and personally—had reached an almost intimidating level, earning him the lord secret envoy’s deep trust.

It was rare to see Zhou Qingang leave his administrative hall, let alone visit someone personally. Gao Yuan was naturally caught off guard by this sudden visit.

With a slight smile, Zhou Qing’ang said, "No need to be nervous, Fellow Daoist Gao. It’s just a small matter that I need your help with."

Gao Yuan looked puzzled. Thinking You’re in a higher position than me—what could you possibly need my help with?



Zhou Qing’ang spoke to himself, saying, “I have a friend who accidentally discovered a hidden secret realm. Inside this secret realm, a group of cultivators was frozen in slumber. After awakening them and asking a few questions, it was revealed that they had originally hidden there to escape the pursuit of the Ten Great Immortal Sects. However, due to an accident, they ended up trapped in slumber…”

At first, Gao Yuan listened attentively, but as Zhou Qingang continued his tale, Gao Yuan’s expression grew increasingly strange.

Finally, when he heard Zhou Qingang express his intention to "arrange" for this group of cultivators to join the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, his face turned grave with alarm.

Nevertheless, being a man of tact and prudence, he did not question Zhou Qingang outright. Instead, he forced a reluctant expression and said, “Isn’t this a bit too convenient?”

“I wonder, what is the identity of this friend of yours, Fellow Daoist Zhou? Can he be trusted?”

“These people… could they be spies sent by them?” He gestured toward the direction of the Five Elders Association as he tentatively inquired.

Zhou Qingang chuckled and replied firmly, “Fellow Daoist Gao, you’re overthinking. I, Zhou Qingang, swear on my life that these people absolutely cannot be spies from the Five Elders Association!”

“You can rest assured!”

“It’s just that my friend doesn’t want the news about this secret realm to leak. If these cultivators were to join the alliance through normal channels, it would be impossible to keep the matter hidden. So, they entrusted me…” Zhou Qingang showed a knowing expression.

“Of course, there will be benefits. I know that Fellow Daoist Gao, in order to exchange for cultivation techniques, has practically exhausted his resources and can hardly afford to activate the [Spirit Awakening] state lately. Such a golden opportunity presented to you—you can’t miss it.”

Hearing this, Gao Yuan was slightly tempted. Zhou Qingang explanation, while not entirely convincing, was plausible enough.

However, Gao Yuan still had some reservations.

“What about the Envoy, my lord…”

Zhou Qing’ang waved dismissively. “Such a trivial matter does not need to trouble the Secret Envoy. Recently, the Secret Envoy has just recovered his Nascent Soul cultivation and is preparing to make another breakthrough to a higher realm.”

Gao Yuan was startled.

This was significant news. The higher the Secret Envoy’s cultivation, the more secure their standing would be. However, neither he nor He Zhenghao was aware of this development. Clearly, the Secret Envoy trusted Zhou Qingang more than anyone else.

If the Secret Envoy knew that Zhou Qingang was engaging in these backdoor dealings behind his back…

A thought flashed through Gao Yuan’s mind.

Once it appeared, it became impossible to suppress.

“Since Fellow Daoist Zhou has said so, I can’t refuse,” Gao Yuan said after a brief pause, his eyes flashing with cunning. “Let me know before you bring those cultivators here. I’ll personally handle their admission procedures into the alliance.”

“Great! Great!” Zhou Qing’ang left, satisfied.

Gao Yuan, however, paced back and forth as if caught in a dilemma.

In the end, he gritted his teeth and made up his mind.

He used the Fragmented Spirit Jade Slip left by the Secret Envoy to contact Li Fan.

“Lord Secret Envoy, I have something to report,” Gao Yuan said, his tone full of flattery.

“Speak,” Li Fan’s voice was cold, making Gao Yuan’s heart sink as a sense of foreboding crept over him.

Nevertheless, the arrow was already notched on the bowstring, and he had no choice but to proceed. Summoning his courage, he reported Zhou Qingang’s actions.

In response, there was only silence.

This silence made Gao Yuan increasingly uneasy.

“I understand,” Li Fan finally spoke after a long pause.

“However, Gao Yuan…”

“Little Zhou is right. Don’t bother me with such trivial matters in the future.”

Gao Yuan’s heart sank.

“And I hope you understand: unity is the most important thing.”

With that, Li Fan fell silent again, leaving the flustered Gao Yuan standing there, at a loss for what to do.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 617


The attitude of the secret envoy was very clear.

This matter was something he had known for a long time and didn't particularly care about. However, the secret envoy was greatly displeased with the act of slandering colleagues.

"Gao Yuan, oh Gao Yuan, you must have lost your mind! The secret envoy possesses methods as vast as the heavens. How could Zhou Qingang's petty schemes possibly escape his divine sight?"

"Such misplaced cleverness…"

"It seems you've grown too comfortable, dulling your sharp instincts," Gao Yuan thought bitterly.

But the mistake was already made, and there was no use in lamenting it now.

"Fortunately, judging by his reminder to focus on unity, it seems the secret envoy still has some regard for past ties."

After being sternly reprimanded by Li Fan, Gao Yuan was compelled to pay close attention to Zhou Qingang's entrusted matters.

In theory, when a cultivator joins the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, the Alliance Headquarters must approve their membership. Only after their information is submitted will the 'Tianxuan Mirror' grant access to the new member.

In practice, however, the process was not so rigid. Since the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance governed over a hundred regions, requiring headquarters' approval for every matter would severely hinder efficiency. Thus, individual regions were granted a degree of autonomy. They could temporarily grant new recruits access to the Tianxuan Mirror with the condition that their information would be reported periodically to headquarters.After headquarters verified the identity of new recruits, they would issue official access permissions to the Tianxuan Mirror. This process was seamless and unnoticed by the recruits.

For ordinary cultivators at the Golden Core stage or below, joining the Alliance only required a routine inquiry. Only those with profound cultivation, unclear backgrounds, or those seeking official positions within the Alliance were subjected to the trial of the White Jade Heart-Questioning Platform.

...

The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had already made the necessary preparations, so Li Fan began to act.

"Old Liu, a thousand years have passed, and the world has undergone great changes. I had hoped to find the Valley of Longevity, as the sect master instructed, but the landscape has shifted so drastically that all my inquiries have yielded nothing."

"I'm afraid I must trouble you to go there in person."

Li Fan spoke gravely.

"In this era, Dao Integration cultivators are scarce. If you're cautious, you shouldn't encounter much trouble."

"If luck is truly against us and you run into unforeseen events, prioritize retreating and saving your life. The future revival of the Medicine King Sect cannot happen without you, Old Liu."

Grasping Liu San's hands tightly, Li Fan reluctantly gave his instructions.

"Rest assured, young master. Back in the day, I followed the sect master through countless hardships. While I may not excel in combat, when it comes to survival—hmph!"

"I dare say I'm no worse than these modern cultivators," Liu San declared confidently.

He accepted the map Li Fan handed him and studied it carefully.

After a moment, his brows furrowed deeply. "A thousand years have indeed turned the world upside down. But I will complete this task."

Li Fan hastily added, "Whether successful or not, return within thirty days. Your presence here in Congyun Sea is also indispensable."

Liu San nodded respectfully without further words. Leaving behind a communication talisman, he transformed into a streak of green light and sped towards the heart of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. ṜâNǒ𝐁Ɛş

...

After sending off Liu San, Li Fan entered the Medicine King's Cauldron.

Over several sessions, he completed the ‘Bloodline Transmission’ ritual for more than 40 Foundation Establishment cultivators. Feeling slightly dizzy, Li Fan paused for a moment.

Transforming into the guise of Liu Yihang, he began awakening the disciples of the Medicine King Sect one by one.

Initially, everything was fine. Without actively channeling their techniques, the disciples—still groggy—did not notice the restrictions of the heaven and earth’s law of "techniques cannot be cultivated simultaneously"

However, as more disciples woke up, an eerie tension began to spread among them.

Instinctively, they distanced themselves from their peers, a dangerous gleam flickering in their eyes.

Li Fan observed this unfolding unease but did not stop. He continued awakening more Foundation Establishment cultivators.

The atmosphere within the Medicine King's Cauldron grew increasingly oppressive, with killing intent permeating the space.

Finally, when the number of awakened disciples surpassed thirty, something was triggered. They instantly became aware of the abnormality in their techniques.

Their eyes turned blood-red, glaring at their fellow disciples as if looking at mortal enemies.

Just as they were about to clash in a battle to the death, Li Fan suddenly unleashed his Cave-Heaven Law Domain, suppressing them all.

He added another spell, Binding Insect Technique, rendering them completely immobile.

"Disciples of the Medicine King Sect, heed my command!"

Li Fan's voice boomed like thunder, temporarily snapping them back to their senses.

"Immediately cultivate this Tai Shang Primordial Scripture and dissolve the techniques of the Longevity and Lifespan Sutra you have practiced!"

Due to the connection from the bloodline transfer, these Foundation Establishment cultivators, though reluctant, ultimately complied under Li Fan’s relentless urging.

Before long, they gradually regained their clarity.

"Senior Brother Liu, what exactly just happened?" The group of disciples was all shocked and horrified.

Li Fan succinctly recounted to them what he had earlier explained to Liu San.

For a moment, the inside of the Medicine King Cauldron was filled with gasps of disbelief, sobs, and panicked murmurs.

Li Fan merely observed them coldly.

After they began to calm down, he spoke in a deep voice:

"At present, the Medicine King Sect stands at the brink of life and death. Since I have inherited the will of my foster father and assumed the leadership of this sect, I bear responsibility for all of you."

"The present circumstances are unlike those of the past. The external world is rife with dangers, and our sect's efforts to reestablish itself will be fraught with difficulties. Any misstep could result in utter annihilation!"

"In such perilous times, there is no room for the slightest error. My orders must be followed without question!"

"Anyone who disobeys will face execution without mercy!" Li Fan declared sternly, exuding a chilling aura.

Having been subjected to Li Fan’s bloodline transfusion and now further intimidated, none of them dared harbor dissent.

They hurriedly responded in unison, "We will strictly obey Senior Brother's orders!"

"Hmm?" Li Fan narrowed his eyes, his displeasure evident.

A quick-witted disciple of the Medicine King Sect promptly corrected himself, shouting, "We will strictly obey the Sect Master's orders!"

The others quickly followed suit, expressing their loyalty.

Li Fan nodded slightly.

After subduing these 30 disciples of the Medicine King Sect, Li Fan paused his efforts to awaken the others.

"Everyone, return to your rooms and change into these clothes. Do not carry anything with you," he instructed, distributing a pile of black robes among them.

The disciples complied.

Before long, 30 Foundation Establishment cultivators dressed in black assembled before Li Fan.

He led them out of the Medicine King Cauldron, awaiting the arrival of his clone, Zhou Qingang.

Half a day later, Zhou Qingang arrived silently.

"No matter what you encounter, remain calm and silent. Leave everything to this senior, Zhou. Simply follow his instructions," Li Fan said.

The disciples of the Medicine King Sect all nodded in agreement.

Under Zhou Qing'ang's guidance, the first batch of disciples was taken to Congyun City, a towering and majestic place that rivaled the grandeur of their former sect.

As a result, the disciples were not overly surprised.

Meanwhile, the city's inhabitants, seeing Zhou Qingang leading a group of unfamiliar cultivators, were curious but assumed it was official business and paid no further attention.

With Zhou Qingang, a key official, leading the way, they passed through without obstruction and arrived smoothly at the Administrative Hall.

Gao Yuan was already there, waiting.

"Daoist Gao, I'll leave them in your care," Zhou Qing'ang said with a polite bow.

"No problem at all," Gao Yuan replied, reciprocating the gesture and carefully observing the group of cultivators behind Zhou Qingang.

As agreed, they were all Foundation Establishment cultivators, yet they gave Gao Yuan an unusual impression.

"These are..."

Gao Yuan's eyes narrowed. After a moment, as if realizing something, his pupils suddenly contracted.

"Ancient-path cultivators?!" he asked, probing Zhou Qingang.

Zhou Qingang smiled faintly. "What do you think? Did I not tell you the truth? These individuals were indeed discovered by a friend of mine in a secret realm."

"Like the envoy, they are genuine ancient-path cultivators!"

"No wonder the secret envoy turned a blind eye to this matter," Gao Yuan remarked with sudden understanding.

Feeling reassured, Gao Yuan dismissed his doubts.

Indeed, ancient-path cultivators differed vastly from modern cultivators in terms of cultivation methods, aura, and even their foundational techniques like Dao Foundations and Golden Cores. Anyone with sharp spiritual senses could immediately notice the distinction. Using ancient cultivators as spies...

The Five Elders Association surely wouldn't be so foolish.

Moreover, ancient-path cultivators had long vanished from the world. Even if the Five Elders Association wanted to recruit some, it would be nearly impossible.

With this in mind, Gao Yuan's concerns were completely allayed.

Since they weren't spies and merely sought to conceal their identities as ancient-path cultivators, the situation was manageable.

Gao Yuan took out a talisman, registering each cultivator's identity one by one.

"Meng Wushi, converted rogue cultivator, Foundation Establishment realm..."

"Ji Yu, converted rogue cultivator..."

Though Congyun Sea lay at the fringe of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, it was still a major region, with thousands of new cultivators joining the alliance annually.

Adding a few more was entirely inconspicuous.

Before long, the 30 disciples of the ancient Medicine King Sect had seamlessly integrated into the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

---

Author's Note:

While writing this chapter, I noticed a bug in the plot: Li Fan impersonating an ancient cultivator should have been easily exposed since ancient and modern cultivation methods differ significantly. I had to explain this with Li Fan’s use of the 'Sky Shrouding Hand' skill to mask his identity.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 618


“Thank you for your trouble, Daoist Gao!” Zhou Qingang said with a smile, transferring 30,000 contribution points in the process.

This was naturally the reward for Gao Yuan. Resolving the matter with just 1,000 contribution points per cultivator wasn’t much, but it certainly wasn’t insignificant either—especially since it was just a matter of lifting a finger.

Both parties understood that this was only the beginning, with much larger matters to come.

Gao Yuan accepted the contribution points without hesitation and made a commitment: “If there are more ancient cultivators who wish to join the alliance in the future, feel free to come to me. I’ll make sure all the procedures are handled flawlessly without the slightest error.”

“To avoid drawing attention, though, it’s better to handle this in batches with intervals in between,” Gao Yuan added tactfully.

Zhou Qingang cupped his hands and said, “Daoist Gao, your foresight is commendable. We’ll be troubling you often in the days to come.”

Gao Yuan’s heart skipped slightly, and he lowered his voice. “Daoist Zhou, give me a hint—how many ancient cultivators are there in this secret realm?”

Zhou Qingang simply smiled and raised four fingers in response before leading the disciples of the Medicine King Sect away.

“Four hundred? This secret realm is quite vast. No wonder Zhou Qingang friend wanted to monopolize it…” Gao Yuan thought to himself, slightly startled.

With years of experience managing the affairs of Congyun Sea, Gao Yuan had gained considerable insight.Even so, he couldn’t have guessed that the “four” gesture Zhou Qing’ang made didn’t represent four hundred—it represented four thousand.

...

Instead of taking the 30 Medicine King Sect disciples who had obtained Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance identities into the Tianxuan Mirror’s inner space, Zhou Qingang led them to a residence in the central district of Congyun Immortal City.

In a chamber within the residence, more than fifty miniature Tianxuan Mirrors were neatly arranged.

“Each of you, familiarize yourselves with the basic functions of the Tianxuan Mirror,” Zhou Qingang instructed after demonstrating the usage once.

Though the Tianxuan Mirror was extraordinary, the disciples of the Medicine King Sect were well-versed in dealing with mystical artifacts. After a brief moment of amazement, they quickly got the hang of it.

“Each of you starts with 1,000 contribution points as a beginner’s benefit. Don’t worry; keep an eye on the missions about to be published in the Tianxuan Mirror,” Zhou Qingang said with a wave of his sleeve.

A light screen materialized in the chamber, displaying tasks with odd requirements but generous rewards.

Examples included:

- Seeking biographical details of an ancient sect cultivator from thousands of years ago.

- Requesting clarification on a particular cultivation method.

- Offering high rewards for ways to woo a specific female cultivator.

“These are the standard answers. Once the tasks are posted, just copy the answers directly.”

“Each of you should complete no more than two tasks. Don’t compete, and avoid redundancy,” Zhou Qingang instructed, summoning another light screen that showed the corresponding answers.

The disciples of the Medicine King Sect, quick on the uptake, immediately realized the purpose of the exercise. Excitement gleamed in their eyes as they divided the tasks among themselves.

They waited anxiously in front of their Tianxuan Mirrors for the tasks to appear.

Soon, mechanical voices emanated from the mirrors, signaling the arrival of tasks. Each disciple successfully earned their first reward.

Satisfied, Zhou Qingang nodded, then waved his hand, causing a mountain of miscellaneous items to appear in the chamber.

“While waiting for more tasks, exchange these items for contribution points through the Tianxuan Mirror. Keep your earnings under 3,000 each,” he instructed.

The disciples complied without hesitation.

Once this task was complete, Zhou Qingang directed them to open a section of the Tianxuan Mirror called [Law Proliferates Across the World].

The section was bustling, with constant updates.

“Place your bets! Where will the ‘Friendly Exchange Meeting’ between the Five Elders Association and the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance be held?”

“Haha! I guessed it right— Old Fisherman appeared in Taihua Prefecture! Who could’ve expected him to travel so far?”

“Ultimate wager: How long will the peace between the Five Elders Association and our alliance last? High rollers, step up!”

The disciples were momentarily stunned but quickly got the hang of the betting system, following preset results to minimize losses while ensuring a net gain.

When each disciple had accumulated a reasonable amount of contribution points, Zhou Qingang stopped them.

“Now, select cultivation techniques suitable for your Golden Core stage. Tomorrow, we’ll continue.”

Faced with a dazzling array of techniques, the disciples were entranced.

Meanwhile, Zhou Qingang calculated silently:

“In total, we’ve spent 400,000 contribution points. Each disciple has earned about 10,000, effectively laundering 300,000 points. Not too bad.”

Not bad. This secret chamber and the missions and wagers within the Tianxuan Mirror are all channels for quickly clearing contribution debts.

As the saying goes, professional matters should be handled by professionals.

It’s merely a matter of spending more contribution points, something Li Fan could easily afford.

This group of people did not disappoint Li Fan; they were exceptionally professional. The methods of clearing debts were diverse and highly discreet.

Take the Tianxuan Mirror in this secret chamber, for example. Although it appeared to be centralized here, its true components were scattered across various locations of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

This secret chamber merely provided an interface to extend its functionality. There was no need to worry about raising suspicion due to intensive contribution activities in a single location.

The debt-clearing process was highly efficient.

After three days, the first batch of disciples from the Medicine King Sect had already accumulated the required contribution points.

Elated, they exchanged their points for cultivation techniques.

Zhou Qingang then escorted them back to Shenhua Island.

Meanwhile, the next batch of Medicine King Sect disciples was already prepared to depart.

As Zhou Qingang was an official of the Immortal Alliance, he was too conspicuous and risked exposure.

Thus, the leader this time was the first lucky person to awaken—Xia Ye.

Although Xia Ye appeared slightly nervous, he managed to stay composed. Furthermore, he had already informed Gao Yuan in advance, so there were no issues.

Soon, everything proceeded as planned. The second and third batches of ancient Medicine King Sect cultivators transitioned smoothly and became members of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

One month later.

When Liu San, worn out and defeated, hurried back, what greeted him was the sight of the Medicine King Cauldron brimming with newfound vitality as the disciples flourished.

Liu San was utterly astonished.

At this moment, Li Fan asked, "Elder Liu, how did things go?"

Liu San's face flushed red. Just as he was about to reply, he glanced at the disciples discussing something amongst themselves. In the end, he pulled Li Fan aside and spoke via sound transmission, "I’m ashamed to report, Young Master. Although I had studied the map, only by visiting the actual sites did I realize how much the landscape had changed."

Liu San sighed deeply. "I couldn’t even find a trace of the places I remembered. It was as though I had stepped into an entirely different world."

"Moreover, the Dao Integration cultivators here are far more perceptive than in our time. Even though I did my utmost to conceal my presence, I was still discovered."

Hearing this, Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Fortunately, he thought I was a member of the Five Elders Association and merely issued a warning, saying something about a 'Friendly Exchange Meeting' approaching and advising me not to wander around carelessly. Otherwise, it might lead to unnecessary misunderstandings. Hmph..."

Liu San snorted coldly, his expression tinged with discontent.

However, after a brief pause, he looked somewhat helpless. "Sigh. I could sense that the other party was at the mid-stage of Dao Integration. If it came to a fight, I fear I wouldn’t be his match."

Li Fan offered words of comfort: "The new cultivation methods harness the power of heaven and earth and contain inner cave-heaven and laws, giving their practitioners a natural advantage in combat compared to us ancient cultivators. Elder Liu, there’s no need to dwell on it. If you were to adopt the new methods, I’m sure your combat strength would rival theirs."

This statement somewhat alleviated Liu San’s frustration.

Li Fan continued, "The cultivators required to refine the Longevity Pill are now assembled, and we’re counting on you to oversee the process, Elder Liu."

"The contribution points used to exchange for the disciples' cultivation techniques were all credited by Fellow Daoist Zhou and me. We urgently need to sell a batch of Longevity Pills to repay the debt."

Li Fan explained.

Liu San nodded in agreement but soon furrowed his brows. "Currently, I’m the only one in the sect practicing the World-Saving Longevity and Lifespan Technique. The longevity essence I can produce is limited, and I fear the quality of the pills won’t be very high."

After a moment of thought, Liu San frowned and said, "At best, I estimate the pills will be of mid-to-low quality, capable of extending life by only 200 to 300 years."

"That’s more than sufficient. Elder Liu, please begin," Li Fan said firmly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 619


“The exact location of the Longevity Valley remains unclear for now, but I’ve already purchased a batch of raw materials for refining Longevity Pills from the Tianxuan Mirror,” Li Fan said as he waved his hand, causing a storage ring to appear mid-air.

“Elder Liu, take a look at the quality. Can it meet the requirements for pill refinement?” Li Fan asked.

Liu San examined the ring’s contents, his expression astonished. “The quality is excellent, with most of the spiritual herbs being over a hundred years old. Did you select them personally, Young Master?”

Li Fan shook his head. “They’re merely common spiritual plants sold in the Tianxuan Mirror.”

Hearing this, Liu San couldn’t help but marvel, “After the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association unified the cultivation world and consolidated the world’s resources, they indeed became incredibly wealthy.

“In our time, even the ten great immortal sects wouldn’t have been able to provide such a large quantity of high-quality spiritual herbs.”

Li Fan smiled and nodded in agreement. “Perhaps it’s also because most cultivators have perished. The current scale of the cultivation world is nothing compared to what it used to be. Back then, our Medicine King Sect, with a few thousand disciples, would have been considered a medium-sized sect at most. In one state alone, there would have been countless sects like ours.”

“But now…” Li Fan paused, “If we were to suddenly reappear, it might cause a great stir in the world, drawing the attention of Longevity Immortal Realm experts.”

Liu San was startled, frowning slightly. “While flying across several states earlier, I noticed the same issue. Compared to the past, the cultivation world has become far more desolate. The land is vast, but the population is sparse. Outside of established cities, it’s rare to encounter cultivators in the wilderness. Back then, any mountain with a spiritual vein would be occupied by cultivators.”

“As the saying goes, the taller the tree, the more it attracts the wind. The Longevity Immortal Realm experts of today, who defy the laws of heaven and earth, are likely far stronger than the elders of the Ten Great Immortal Sect. If our Medicine King Sect, having traversed time from the ancient era to the present, were to reveal ourselves, we would inevitably attract their covetous attention.” “Young Master, your decision is correct. Breaking into smaller groups and infiltrating the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is the best way for us to recover our strength without drawing attention,” Liu San said, his eyes filled with admiration as he looked at Li Fan.

“Within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, all cultivation resources are tied to contribution points. We already owe Fellow Daoist Zhou some favors. Although he hasn’t mentioned it, if we fail to produce results soon, it could lead to trouble. Binding ourselves to a shared interest with him is the most secure strategy.”

Li Fan explained, “Trust in people’s hearts is fleeting; only shared interests are eternal. To stabilize our position, we must produce Longevity Pills quickly. Elder Liu, I’ll need to trouble you!”

Liu San’s expression turned solemn. “Restoring the glory of the Medicine King Sect is my unshakable duty. Please rest assured, Young Master!”

Leading a group of disciples into the central alchemy chamber of the Medicine King Cauldron, Liu San said in a deep voice, “Young Master, please grant me permission to control the True Medicine King Cauldron.”

With a thought, Li Fan temporarily transferred the authority over the chamber. A shadowy image of the Medicine King Cauldron materialized in the center of the room.

Liu San lightly tapped the void, and the shadow transformed into a solid cauldron with a resounding “clang” as it landed on the ground.

“Form ranks!” Liu San swept his gaze over the disciples and commanded in a firm voice.

Ninety-nine carefully selected elite Foundation Establishment disciples each controlled their own small Medicine King Cauldrons. They arranged themselves in a specific formation around the central True Medicine King Cauldron.

Azure light radiated from the True Medicine King Cauldron, linking with the smaller cauldrons to form a vast formation etched into the ground.

“The Great Longevity Formation…” Observing from the side, Li Fan muttered thoughtfully.

Liu San activated the Longevity Sutra with all his might, and a stream of pure azure Longevity Energy flowed from the central cauldron. The energy circulated through the formation, becoming even more vibrant before returning to the main cauldron.

Once the cauldron was half-filled with this green energy, Liu San began adding the medicinal ingredients required for pill refinement.

“Poof…”

The spiritual herbs were placed into the cauldron, and the Longevity Green Energy seemed to boil, surging violently without pause.

In an instant, the spiritual herbs melted and disappeared within the cauldron. The vapor they produced condensed into a transparent barrier at the top of the cauldron, preventing the Longevity Green Force from spilling out.

Liu San's expression was grave as he carefully controlled the timing of adding the medicinal ingredients based on the state within the cauldron.

The ninety-nine disciples around him, while assisting with the operation of the auxiliary Small Medicine King Cauldron, seized this rare opportunity to observe Liu San's alchemy process without blinking.

Time passed, second by second.

As more and more medicinal ingredients were added, the Longevity Green Energy became increasingly viscous, almost turning into a tangible substance.

At the most critical moment, Liu San shouted, “Condense!”

With that, he pointed toward the center of the cauldron from mid-air.

In an instant, the cauldron blurred and then shrank sharply toward the center.

During this moment of compression, the Longevity Green Energy, already thick to the extreme, underwent a qualitative transformation, changing from a liquid to a solid state.

The phantom of the Medicine King True Cauldron disappeared, leaving only a cyan pill suspended and rotating mid-air, exuding a rich vitality.

A strong medicinal fragrance spread from the pill.

All the cultivators present, including Liu San, subconsciously showed a trace of greed in their eyes upon smelling the aroma.

However, Liu San, being a Dao Integration cultivator, quickly snapped out of the abnormal state.

His expression shifted slightly, and he suddenly shouted, “Not good!”

He lunged forward, forming a giant hand that enveloped the freshly refined Longevity Pill.

“Hm?”

Just as the others were puzzled, a loud explosion erupted from Liu San's palm.

Liu San’s body trembled slightly. Although he quickly composed himself and withdrew his hand, a trace of awkwardness was evident on his face.

“Did… the alchemy fail?”

Li Fan and the disciples of the Medicine King Sect looked at Liu San with strange expressions.

“Ahem…”

Liu San cleared his throat softly and explained, “I forgot about the drastic changes in the world and still used the old method of alchemy, so…”

“But it’s not a big issue. It only requires some minor adjustments.”

“Next time, next time it will definitely work,” Liu San declared confidently.

Li Fan nodded without saying much.

Thus, Liu San once again summoned a phantom of the Medicine King Cauldron and restarted the refinement of the Longevity Pill.

This time, while there was no explosion, the resulting product...

Li Fan glanced at the half-green, half-purple pill in his hand, his face twitching slightly.

Liu San’s expression faltered as he roared in anger, “Again!”

The elder's fury made the disciples tremble with fear, leaving them no choice but to continue assisting.

Finally, on the third attempt, they successfully refined a proper Longevity Pill.

At this point, Liu San let out a slight sigh of relief.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 620


It must be noted that in Linghu Chang's memory, this Liu San was a highly skilled master of pill alchemy.

Even for such an expert, it took him three attempts to adapt to the changes in pill refinement brought about by the differences between ancient and modern times?

Li Fan observed everything quietly, deep in thought.

"I'll first take this Longevity Pill to Daoist Zhou to see how much it can sell for. Old Liu, please continue working hard and refine all the raw materials in the storage ring into pills as quickly as possible," Li Fan instructed Liu San.

"Rest assured, young master!" Liu San nodded in agreement. After allowing his disciples to rest briefly, he resumed the pill refinement process.

Li Fan then left the Xuanhuang Cauldron, tossing the freshly refined Longevity Pill in his hand as he walked.

"It's inconvenient to act under the identity of 'Heavenly Mechanism Sect Cultivator Li Fan'…" After some contemplation, Li Fan transformed into his original appearance and headed toward Congyun City.

When purchasing the Heavenly Spirit Flower earlier, Li Fan had used his original appearance to join the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance through Huang Ranqi, the guardian of Chongwu Island, creating a brand-new alias for himself.

Now, he activated the Sky-Shrouding Hand secret technique, entered the Tianxuan Mirror, and took out the Longevity Pill.

First, he used the mirror's free appraisal function."Longevity Pill: Low-grade, can extend life by 186 years."

Li Fan's eyelid twitched slightly.

It seemed that even though Liu San had adapted to the differences between ancient and modern techniques, the quality of this first refined pill left much to be desired. At the very least, it fell short of his promised medium-grade pill that could extend life by 300 years.

After checking the recent market prices for life-extending treasures, Li Fan listed the Longevity Pill for 50,000 contribution points—a 30% markup.

The result? It was sold almost instantly.

Li Fan was momentarily stunned but quickly understood why.

Life-extending treasures lose their effectiveness after consumption. Before this, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had never seen a Longevity Pill on the market. For cultivators in need, this pill represented a genuine extension of their lifespan by nearly two centuries, making it far more valuable than common life-extending treasures.

Moreover…

As Li Fan expected, the buyer soon sent a message.

"Fellow Daoist, do you have more Longevity Pills?"

"I feel that this pill is somewhat different from other life-extending treasures. It seems to retain its effectiveness even with repeated consumption?" 𝐑áNŎ𝖇Ë𝒮

Feigning surprise, Li Fan replied, "Is that so? How incredible! Then I must have underpriced it!"

The buyer, undeterred by Li Fan's act, pressed on: "Haha, Fellow Daoist, let’s not joke. That pill was clearly newly refined. How could you not know its properties?"

Still playing innocent, Li Fan responded, "Haha, you misunderstand! I happened to stumble upon it at a roadside stall. I thought the pill looked extraordinary but didn’t realize it was such a treasure."

"Tell you what, if you really need more, I’ll go back and check if the stall owner is still there."

"..." The other side fell silent.

After a moment, they responded with restrained patience: "Alright. If there’s more stock in the future, please contact me."

"Tianquan Prefecture, Zhao Tianlong!"

Li Fan ended the conversation without replying further.

"The value of the Longevity Pill exceeds my initial estimates. Even relying solely on purchasing raw materials through the Tianxuan Mirror, I can make a substantial profit."

"However, to maximize profit, I must control the supply rate."

"Additionally, I could engage in bartering for specific resources."

After some thought, Li Fan also considered expanding his sales channels—not just within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance but also to the Five Elders Association and other factions.

After all, good things like "Fruit of True Temptation" are absolutely never too much to have.

If he could control one or two more Dao Integration cultivators, the upcoming situation would greatly improve.

"Let’s wait until there are more completed products before we act."

Li Fan pretended to leave Congyun City but only changed his identity, reverting to his guise as a "Heavenly Mechanism Sect cultivator."

Upon returning to the Tianxuan Mirror, he contacted Ximen Yu.

"Fellow Daoist Ximen, how is the task progressing?"

After a long while, a message finally came through.

"Uh, more than half of it has been analyzed, but there are still a few locations where I’ve encountered some difficulties."

"Oh? What do you mean?" Li Fan asked with interest.

Ximen Yu first sent over the locations he had already completed comparing between ancient and modern maps, then explained:

"Qingniu Ridge, Longevity Valley, Overturning River…"

"No matter how I compare, I cannot find any traces of these places in the current real world."

"Actually, this has happened in my previous research as well, though the chances were very slim."

"I must say, Fellow Daoist, your luck isn’t great. Out of the dozens of places randomly chosen, so many of them have completely vanished," Ximen Yu teased.

"I don’t think I’ll be able to complete this task. I’ll refund the extra contribution points," he sighed.

Upon hearing this, Li Fan's gaze flickered slightly.

"Completely vanished? Fellow Daoist Ximen, do you know the reason?" Li Fan asked.

"There could be many reasons. First, a great upheaval in heaven and earth—rivers shift, seas turn into mulberry fields, and such places naturally disappear.

"Second, it could be the existence of the White Mist Barrier. The locations of these places in ancient times might coincide with where the White Mist Barrier is now, making them inaccessible."

"The third possibility…"

Ximen Yu stopped speaking here, falling silent.

"What’s wrong? Does Fellow Daoist have something difficult to explain?" Li Fan asked, puzzled.

"Not exactly, but my conjecture is rather bold and without evidence, so I didn’t want to speak and make a fool of myself," Ximen Yu hesitated.

Now Li Fan was even more intrigued. "No problem. Your vast knowledge is rare in this world. Sharing it would broaden my horizons."

Perhaps it had been a long time since someone acknowledged Ximen Yu so earnestly. Hearing Li Fan’s words, he became excited.

He immediately explained, "You may not believe it, but based on my years of comparing ancient and modern terrains, I’ve discovered that a significant portion of the ancient regions of the Xuanhuang Realm is missing."

"It’s as if someone forcibly took away part of the land."

"However…"

Ximen Yu’s tone became puzzled again.

"Some places, on the other hand, seem to have appeared out of nowhere, as if conjured from the void. These regions didn’t seem to exist in the ancient cultivation world."

"So, overall, compared to ancient times, the Xuanhuang Realm hasn’t shrunk. Instead, it has expanded."

"Truly bizarre, an enigma that defies explanation."

…

Hearing this, Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

"Are Fellow Daoist’s conclusions reliable?"

"Absolutely reliable! The Fallen Immortal Realm contains a panoramic view of the ancient Xuanhuang Realm. However, ordinary cultivators can only glimpse a small portion during each entry. By visiting many cultivators and piecing together fragments, I’ve essentially restored the ancient cultivation world’s landscape. This conclusion is irrefutable!" Ximen Yu declared firmly.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 621


Hearing Ximen Yu’s confident assertion, Li Fan couldn’t help but fall into deep thought.

“Time flows, increasing and decreasing in an orderly manner. Is this the natural evolution of the Xuanhuang Realm, or is it caused by external forces?”

Li Fan instinctively thought of the elusive Immortal Ancestor.

No one else came to mind. If there were a cultivator in the Xuanhuang Realm capable of altering the heavens and earth so effortlessly, it would undoubtedly be this creator of the new laws.

“But if this guess is correct, why, as the Xuanhuang Realm approaches its fall into the Immortal Ruins, does the Immortal Ancestor not flee? Instead, He has been transforming the world for thousands of years as if nothing has changed. Why?”

“Could it be that the transformation of the world itself allowed the Immortal Ancestor to transcend?” Li Fan pondered further, recalling how, in his previous life, the Immortal Ancestor to 5left the Xuanhuang Realm a decade or so later.

As countless thoughts flashed through his mind, Li Fan temporarily suppressed his doubts.

“Brother Ximen, you truly are a rare genius who can perceive the essence of the world from the smallest details. Even Dao Integration stage cultivators pale in comparison to you!” Li Fan praised sincerely.

Then he shifted the topic: “Such groundbreaking research! Has my friend perhaps authored any detailed works on this? I’d love to study them thoroughly!”

At first, Ximen Yu was slightly pleased. But when Li Fan brought up the matter of writing, he hesitated and appeared rather embarrassed.After persistent questioning from Li Fan, Ximen Yu finally revealed the truth.

It turned out that he had completed writing A Study of Mountains and Rivers Through the Ages and was preparing to publish it, dreaming of leaving a legacy for future generations.

However, he received a warning from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

The Alliance deemed the book to contain content unsuitable for public release, requiring revisions.

But they didn’t specify which parts were problematic.

Helpless, Ximen Yu removed some sections and resubmitted it for review. Yet it still failed to pass.

In the end, the once-thick manuscript was reduced to scattered fragments, leaving only a solitary essay intact.

“Haha, since then, I’ve felt disheartened. Now I just rely on my knowledge to earn some contributions and have shifted my research focus,” Ximen Yu said with a touch of melancholy.

“Oh, by the way, I’m currently studying the flow of earth veins. If you’re interested, we could exchange insights,” he added.

Li Fan pondered for a moment before softly asking, “Does my friend still have a copy of the original manuscript?”

Ximen Yu laughed awkwardly. “A Study of Mountains and Rivers Through Ancient and Modern Times embodies my life’s work and is etched deeply in my mind. What need is there for a backup?”

“However, the full version can’t be transmitted via the Tianxuan Mirror. If you’re truly interested, you’re welcome to visit me at Qihong Isle in Leyang Prefecture.”

Leyang Prefecture was located in the eastern central region of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, several prefectures away from the Congyun Sea. However, with teleportation formation, the journey wouldn’t take long.

Li Fan agreed without hesitation.

“By the way, Fellow Daoist Ximen, regarding those locations I commissioned you to search for, which remain elusive, you mentioned they might have fallen within the range of the White Mist Barrier.

“Could you mark their potential locations on a map for me?” Li Fan asked before their communication ended.

Ximen Yu was surprised. “Could it be that you plan to venture into the White Mist?”

"It's not necessarily so; it's just a thought, nothing more. After all, the Devouring White Mist is fierce—who would risk their life going in there without reason?" Li Fan smiled but didn’t admit anything. "Perhaps one day, when my lifespan is nearing its end, I might go and explore it for a bit."

"That's good. I thought I’d run into another lunatic," Ximen Yu muttered.

"Another lunatic? Daoist Ximen, what do you mean by that?" Li Fan grew curious and quickly asked.

"Ah, nothing special. When we were surveying the terrain earlier, I witnessed a deranged cultivator repeatedly rushing in and out of the White Mist Barrier."

"At first, he looked like a young man. Later, he became old and decrepit. I don’t even know if he’s still alive now."

"I tried to persuade him, but he wouldn’t listen. He just kept babbling about some great secret hidden in the White Mist Barrier…"

"Isn't that nonsense? You need to stay alive to study it first," Ximen Yu sneered with disdain.

As he spoke, he passed along a map marked with several points.

"I’ll try to figure out the remaining ones over the next few days. If I can’t crack them, I won’t bother contacting you again." With that, the other end went silent.

Li Fan carefully examined the map. He noticed the markers were scattered across the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance. Interestingly, when he deliberately chose these locations earlier, he had focused on regions concentrated within one or two neighboring provinces based on Linghu Chang’s memories.

This confirmed that Ximen Yu’s research was credible.

Indeed, the Xuanhuang Realm had been torn apart and reshaped.

Staring at the map, Li Fan remained silent for a long time. After a while, he thoroughly erased the map’s data.

"For now, I should focus on purchasing the materials for refining Longevity Pills through the Tianxuan Mirror. Once I’ve gathered enough, I’ll have Liu San use the Samantabhadra True Boat to venture into the depths of the White Mist Barrier and see if we can uncover anything."

"If that fails, I can consider planting them in the wood-attribute domain of my Five Elements Cave Heaven."

Currently, Li Fan’s Five Elements Cave Heaven was still in its embryonic stage.

In terms of size, scale, and spiritual energy concentration, it couldn’t yet compare to the one that previously sparked a war between the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance and the Five Elders Association.

Fortunately, its essence was no different, and its potential was limitless.

"Planting spiritual herbs will also aid in refining the laws within the wood-attribute domain. But… specialization is key…"

Li Fan suddenly thought of Chen Ying, the Nascent Soul cultivator from the Medicinal Hall of Congyun Sea.

Since being conscripted into the Five Elements Cave Heaven, Chen Ying had vanished without a trace.

However, unlike in his past life, thanks to Li Fan’s warning, Chen Ying had not fallen yet.

He just couldn’t be contacted.

"He should still be in the Five Elements Cave Heaven, though I have no idea what he’s been up to." Li Fan recalled that in his previous life, just a few years later, in Year 38, the Five Elements Cave Heaven collapsed into oblivion due to the extraction of vast resources, leading to an imbalance in its elements.

"I wonder if the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance will repeat the same mistake in this lifetime." Li Fan was still unsure why the Alliance was so aggressively exploiting the resources of the Five Elements Cave Heaven. Yet, judging by Chen Ying’s continued absence, it seemed their operations there hadn’t ceased.

After pondering for a moment, Li Fan shook his head and dismissed the thought.

Just as he was about to return to Shenhua Island, a notification from the Tianxuan Mirror arrived.

The former island lord of Ten Thousand Immortals Island, Immortal Lord Hongxi—a Soul Transformation cultivator who had been conscripted into the Alliance’s headquarters for years—

Had finally returned.

He ordered Li Fan, the "Secret Envoy," to report to him immediately.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 622


"Finally back, huh..." Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Is he alone? Where is Immortal Lord Ziyun?"

In an instant, Li Fan had already played out the possible scenarios of their confrontation in his mind.

These included, but were not limited to:

1. Immortal Lord Hong Xi, facing the reality of being stripped of power and authority, launching a vigorous counterattack. Relying on the influence of his Soul Transformation cultivation, he could instantly regain the support of the majority of cultivators.

2. Alternatively, Immortal Lord Hong Xi might appear calm and cooperative on the surface while secretly biding his time. Once Li Fan relaxed his guard, he could strike swiftly and decisively, reversing the situation. In the end, Li Fan could be removed under a trumped-up charge.

However, what Li Fan never anticipated was that when Immortal Lord Hong Xi actually met him, there was no tension or hostility. Instead, Hong Xi burst into hearty laughter and gave him a big hug.

Li Fan's body stiffened slightly, and a trace of confusion flashed in his eyes.

"Are we even that close?" he thought to himself.

Immortal Lord Hong Xi, seemingly oblivious to the odd look in Li Fan's eyes, patted him on the shoulder with satisfaction. "Good, very good! You've done well! When I heard that the Five Elders Association had nearly uprooted Ten Thousand Immortal Island, Ziyun and I were worried that Congyun Sea would descend into chaos. Who would have thought that you'd emerge out of nowhere? Over the past few years, not only did various evaluation metrics not decline, but they even rose by several ranks!"

"Why didn't you wake up earlier? If you had, I wouldn’t have been overwhelmed with all those issues over the years."

"Keep it up! From now on, the administration of Congyun Sea is yours to manage!"

Immortal Lord Hong Xi appeared genuinely pleased.

Li Fan fell silent.

Dressed in white, Hong Xi exuded a carefree aura. Humming an unknown tune, he returned to the long table in his quarters.

Gracefully pouring himself a cup of tea, he sipped it with evident contentment.

"Now, this is the life—lying back, watching achievements roll in without lifting a finger," he said lazily.

Seeing Li Fan still standing stiffly, Hong Xi called out, "Hey, don’t be so uptight. Have some tea with me!"

"Thank you, Lord City Master!" Li Fan didn’t refuse. He stepped forward and took a seat.

After finishing another cup of tea, Hong Xi said, "Ziyun and I have heard of your deeds from the headquarters of the Immortal Alliance. Remarkable, truly remarkable. As expected of a disciple from an ancient sect, far more capable than us modern cultivators."

"By the way, what’s your current cultivation level? Nascent Soul? Soul Transformation?" Hong Xi glanced at Li Fan, then shook his head.

"I can’t see through you at all!"

Li Fan replied calmly, "Regardless of my cultivation, I’m merely a subordinate under the City Lord’s command."

Immortal Lord Hong Xi chuckled. "And I am but a subordinate to the Lord Jinglun, who himself is under the Law Enforcers’ command. We all serve the Immortal Alliance—what difference does it make?"

Li Fan’s expression grew solemn. "Your wisdom and perspective are indeed extraordinary. I am in awe!"

Seeing Li Fan’s formal demeanor, Hong Xi’s smile faded slightly. Shaking his head, he sighed. "Truly an old relic—so dull, so boring."

"Fine, as long as you continue to handle the administration and maintain the current state of affairs, that’s all I ask."

Noticing Hong Xi’s seemingly genuine attitude, Li Fan couldn’t help but ask, "Do you really have no intention of reclaiming power?"

Hong Xi burst into laughter again. "That’s where you don’t understand. But it’s okay; you’ll figure it out eventually. I might as well explain a bit."

"I’ve been managing Congyun Sea for nearly two centuries now, always diligent and cautious. While I’ve made no great achievements, I’ve also committed no serious errors."

"But such days have reached their end. Advancing further?"

Hong Xi sighed softly. "It’s difficult!"

"The Immortal Alliance has so many Soul Transformation cultivators. Competing with them without reaching Dao Integration..."

“Hehe, isn’t it more carefree and comfortable staying here in my Congyun Sea?”

“All these administrative affairs—sure, you can handle them carefully for a year, two years, even ten or thirty years.”

“But what about a hundred years, or two hundred years?”

“I’ve long grown tired of it. Yet, I can’t bring myself to resign. Handing it over to my subordinates? They’re all just incompetent fools, and I wouldn’t trust them with it.”

“For so many years, finally, someone like you has appeared!”

“Just look at this—Ziyun has stayed inland to attend some so-called ‘Friendly Exchange Meeting’ to broaden horizons. I couldn’t even be bothered to attend that rare grand event, held only once every few centuries. Instead, I couldn’t wait to return here to see you.”

“You didn’t disappoint me!”

Immortal Lord Hong Xi sighed deeply.

“I heard you might have been worried earlier, afraid I’d return and seize your authority? That’s unnecessary! I’m eager to hand over all these messes to you!”

“Rest assured, tomorrow I’ll summon everyone and make it clear. You’ll still be in charge from now on!”

Li Fan’s face twitched slightly but still cupped his hands respectfully, saying, “In that case, thank you for your generous favor, City Lord.”

Immortal Lord Hong Xi patted Li Fan’s shoulder again. “Do a good job! Even though the merit points you earn annually from your secret title are slightly less than mine, compared to those cultivators who toil away every year on merit tasks, it’s an entirely different league.”

“Moreover, I’ve heard that while you served as acting Island Lord and supervised the construction of Congyun City, your position was equivalent to that of a City Lord.”

“If we calculate it this way, your merit rankings should have increased quickly over these years.”

This time, it was Li Fan’s turn to be stunned.

“Merit points distributed annually? Why haven’t I received any?”

Immortal Lord Hong Xi, who was sipping tea, spat it out in shock, staring at Li Fan in disbelief.

“Impossible! You didn’t receive any merit points? Then what have you been working hard for all these years?”

“I…” Li Fan hesitated, words failing him.

Suddenly, he realized a significant generational gap between them and could only remain silent.

“You haven’t been participating in the annual settlements through the Tianxuan Mirror all this time, have you?” After a long pause, Immortal Lord Hong Xi looked at Li Fan with an exceptionally peculiar expression.

Li Fan shrugged. “No one ever mentioned it to me.”

Immortal Lord Hong Xi smacked his forehead.

“Ah…”

With a weary tone, he said, “You’d better go check it out quickly. Maybe you’ll find a surprise.”

Li Fan nodded, saluted, and left in a hurry.

Watching Li Fan’s figure gradually fade away, Immortal Lord Hong Xi shook his head. “Sigh, as expected of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. When it’s not their concern, they completely ignore it…”

When Li Fan returned to the Tianxuan Mirror and inquired further, he finally understood what the so-called annual settlement was about.

It turned out that the primary administrators of each province not only received an annual contribution as their “salary.”

They were also awarded “performance” rewards based on their province’s overall ranking within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

This was settled annually, and in addition to contribution points, a large amount of merit was distributed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 624


“This is just a ceasefire in plain sight, switching to another form of competition.” Li Fan was quite familiar with this kind of situation.

“It’s a perfect opportunity to gauge the true capabilities of the elites on both sides.”

Li Fan found himself highly intrigued.

To make it easier for all cultivators to witness the grand event, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance specially crafted a magical mirror tool.

It was affordably priced—just 100 contribution points to purchase. Cultivators could use it to watch the scenes of the event anytime and anywhere. They could even replay the battles between both sides repeatedly. Most importantly, the mirror displayed real-time commentary synchronized with the Tianxuan Mirror, ensuring lower-level cultivators wouldn’t feel lost amidst the advanced techniques.

The “Tianling Viewing Mirror” became an instant hit among cultivators upon its release.

Apart from its low price and the rarity of missing such a grand occasion, some cultivators also bought it for collection purposes. According to veteran cultivators, during the first friendly exchange event, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had also released a similar viewing mirror.

At that time, it didn’t attract much attention because the event details could be casually searched in the Tianxuan Mirror. Only the more affluent cultivators purchased it.

What no one anticipated was that after the competition ended, the viewing mirrors became limited-edition treasures. Their inherent value wasn’t the main attraction; it was the battle scenes they recorded.

During the first exchange event, the representatives from both sides later rose to become prominent figures in their respective organizations. Almost all of them achieved the Dao Integration realm. For lower-level cultivators, repeatedly analyzing the discussions and battles of these elites proved extremely beneficial. Some even presented these mirrors, which recorded the victories of key elites, as gifts to the individuals themselves, winning their favor.

Over time, with the deaths of many cultivators, the remaining viewing mirrors became increasingly scarce. Today, they were so rare they could hardly be found.

With such precedent, it was no surprise that this round of “Tianling Viewing Mirrors” sold out rapidly.

For just 100 contribution points, Li Fan naturally bought one.

Upon receiving it, Li Fan found the workmanship of the mirror rather crude.

It was incomparable to the Tianxuan Mirror and even far inferior to ordinary copper mirrors used by mortals. It was essentially a piece of polished stone.

“Could this have been outsourced production again?”

“Selling for 100 contribution points—who knows how much the cost was? Although the unit price is low, considering how many cultivators are in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance…”

“I wonder who’s profiting from this.”

Li Fan muttered to himself as he put the mirror away.

While the cultivators on the island were enthusiastically discussing the exchange event, he quietly returned to his private island.

Over the past few days, Liu San and the others worked tirelessly, exhausting all the raw materials they had prepared beforehand.

They successfully refined 28 Longevity Pills, with their quality fluctuating between 200 years of extended lifespan.

When Liu San handed over the pills, his face was full of guilt. “I’ve disappointed you, young master. Perhaps due to the limits of practicing multiple arts, the essence of my Longevity Green Energy fell far short of expectations. Even after being purified with 99 small medicinal cauldrons, the result is still this…”

“To produce pills of such quality…”

“If the old sect master were alive, he would’ve surely mocked me endlessly,” Liu San said sadly.

Li Fan consoled him. “Elder Liu, there’s no need to blame yourself. The changes in heaven and earth cannot be resisted without attaining Longevity. Besides, I’ve already checked the market. These Longevity Pills will suffice for now. Releasing excessively high-quality pills all at once might even have adverse effects.”

As he spoke, Li Fan handed over a storage ring.

“I’ve also uncovered some clues about the whereabouts of Longevity Valley. It might be located at one of the locations marked on the map.”

“Although they’re all within the White Mist Barrier, the ring contains a magical vessel called the Samantabhadra True Boat. With it, you should be able to negate the effects of the mist's energy-draining properties.”

Upon hearing this, Liu San’s face lit up with joy.

“The environment within Longevity Valley is exceptional and distinct from the outside world. If we can refine pills there, their quality might improve significantly.”

Li Fan nodded slightly, "In that case, I will leave this matter to you, Elder Liu. Currently, the outside world is holding some kind of friendly exchange event, and the eyes of the world will all be drawn to it. This is the perfect opportunity. I’ll trouble you to make the journey."

"Once again, your own safety must be the top priority. The revival of our Medicine King Sect depends on you!"

Faced with Li Fan's sincere reminder, Liu San was deeply moved.

"I will not fail the Young Master's trust."

After speaking, he familiarized himself with the Samantabhadra True Boat and then transformed into a streak of light, heading towards the marked location on the map.

"Hopefully, his journey goes smoothly, and he can find the Valley of Longevity."

"This Congyun Sea is no longer a place I can stay."

Li Fan flew above the Shenhua Island, looking up at the sky. His eyes narrowed as he sensed the faint killing intent gradually forming between heaven and earth.

The killing intent of heaven and earth was subtly infused into all things, almost imperceptible.

It had little to do with one's cultivation level and was more closely tied to individual comprehension. Li Fan, possessing the Formless Killing Intent, could leverage the will of heaven, making him acutely sensitive to such phenomena.

"The killing intent in this life is so overwhelming. It seems even stronger than in the previous ones."

"Could it be due to the collective reappearance of the Heavenly Doctor?"

Li Fan frowned slightly, already planning to retreat in his mind.

He arrived on the island and led Tianyang alone into a secret chamber.

"Junior Brother, there is now an opportunity for you to advance to the Dao Integration realm. Are you willing to seize it?"

At first, Tianyang tilted his head, seemingly unable to fully understand the meaning of Li Fan's words.

Only after Li Fan repeated himself did Tianyang straighten his posture. Despite his puppet body, a solemn expression appeared on his face.

"You know as well as I do that crises and opportunities have always coexisted in this world."

"The chances of success are slim. It is extremely dangerous, and there is a possibility of complete annihilation."

"Even so, are you willing to take this chance?"

Li Fan's face softened slightly as he patiently asked.

It didn’t take long for Tianyang to respond. In his fragmented mechanical voice, he declared:

"Tianyang’s life..."

"Will never be inferior to anyone!"

Even though Li Fan had already anticipated Tianyang's answer, hearing it from him still stirred some emotion.

"Good! If that’s the case, then I, as your senior brother, will give you my all!" Li Fan said firmly.

In his hand, the Heaven and Earth Divination Dice suddenly appeared. After a few rapid spins, Li Fan felt a faint premonition in his heart.

"Approximately a year from now, is it...?"

"That’s enough time."

Bringing Tianyang with him, Li Fan ventured into the depths of the Congyun Sea.

One after another, precious heavenly materials and earthly treasures were retrieved from Li Fan’s personal storage dimension.

He was preparing to enhance Tianyang's body once more.

At all costs.

Among them was even some ‘Eternal Tribulation Gold,’ a material that could survive the unification of the Five Elements.

"I’d like to see whether the Ink Death truly has the power to erase everything!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 623: Calendar of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance


In the Tianxuan Mirror, beams of light and shadows appeared one after another.

Since the anchoring of the year 11 and the official foundation of the Congyun Immortal City under Li Fan's supervision, up until the end of year 14,

the settlement data for a total of four years instantly appeared before Li Fan.

"New Immortal Calendar, Year 2021: Comprehensive Ranking: 231st, rewarded with three Intermediate Grade B Merits and 11,000 Contribution Points."

"New Immortal Calendar, Year 2022: Comprehensive Ranking: 226th, rewarded with three Intermediate Grade B Merits and 15,000 Contribution Points. Additionally, due to active participation in the Congyun Sea Region's response to the Immortal Alliance’s recruitment policy during the Tianling Prefecture War, an extra reward of one Superior Grade B Merit."

...

With the completion of thirteen meritorious missions, Li Fan's merit level soared, eventually stopping at Level 22.

In his previous life, Li Fan had only managed to reach Merit Level 31 at the end of his lifespan by relying on unparalleled contributions, such as constructing the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation.

But now, by essentially being a hands-off overseer, he had effortlessly risen to Level 22.

Of course, this achievement was partly due to the Superior Grade A Merit reward from the foundation of Congyun City.

As his merit level increased, many cultivation techniques and treasures previously hidden in the Tianxuan Mirror were unlocked. However, having reached higher levels in his past life, Li Fan only needed a glance to notice that the list had only a few additional items. These were mainly treasures redeemable by regional administrators.

For example, the Mirror of All Living Beings, which monitors the overall number and cultivation levels of cultivators within a state; and the Bell of Myriad States, which displays the annual development status of other regions and predicts the local state's ranking in the annual comprehensive evaluation.

In summary, these tools were primarily designed to facilitate competition between regions and were of little practical use to Li Fan.

What truly caught Li Fan’s attention, however, was the date displayed in the settlement notification.

“New Immortal Calendar…”

As the name implies, the New Immortal Calendar was a system implemented starting from the year when the Immortal Ancestor rebuilt the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Previously, all time references in various ancient texts that Li Fan consulted were deliberately vague, using terms like ancient, distant ancient, primordial, or broad time spans such as thousands or hundreds of years ago.

This was the first time Li Fan had encountered a precise record down to a specific year.

As for Sima Changkong's Bloodline History, it also followed a "Year One" system, using his own lineage’s beginning as its baseline. It didn’t apply universally to the overall immortal cultivation world.

"It seems the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance must have a detailed recording system internally. It’s just kept secret from the public."

Li Fan wasn’t surprised by this realization. Given that the Museum of Divine Relics housed various precious artifacts from the history of the Xuanhuang Realm, it was only natural that it would also preserve records of the true history.

“Ancient matters are clearly not suitable for public dissemination. Keeping people ignorant ensures stability.” Li Fan smirked coldly.

“If I recall correctly, reaching Merit Level 30 grants a free tour of the Museum of Divine Relics.”

Images of the museum’s central hall flashed in his mind, and Li Fan seemed to sense the hunger of [Truth].

But he forcibly suppressed his restlessness. The Museum of Divine Relics was heavily guarded, with the Longevity Beast Emperor Sanmo overseeing it. Acting recklessly would be akin to walking into a trap.

At least for now, it was beyond Li Fan’s capabilities to covet. He could only gradually strengthen himself through the cycles of reincarnation, uncover more secrets, and find the right breakthrough point. Only then would he have even the faintest hope of success.

After closing the merit record, Li Fan sent a message to the Immortal Lord Hong Xi, informing him that he had claimed all the merits accumulated over the past few years and expressing his gratitude for the guidance.

Immortal Lord Hong Xi laughed heartily and said little else, merely encouraging Li Fan to continue his efforts. He also assured Li Fan not to worry about the minds of others; he would handle them personally.

As expected, three days later, the returning Immortal Lord Hong Xi convened a meeting with all the internal cultivators of Congyun Sea.

Just as everyone assumed that the once-prominent Li Fan would lose power and be cast down to obscurity, Immortal Lord Hong Xi announced publicly that Li Fan would continue managing state affairs on his behalf.

This announcement brought immense joy to He Zhenghao and others, who had been restless with anxiety.

The rest of the cultivators, however, were left in shock and disbelief.

As they stole glances at Li Fan’s calm and composed face, their hearts were filled with both awe and fear, speculating endlessly about his background.

What kind of hidden power could Li Fan possess to force Immortal Lord Hong Xi, who had ruled Congyun Sea for centuries, to relinquish authority?

Ignoring the shifting expressions around him, Li Fan bowed respectfully to Immortal Lord Hong Xi and expressed his gratitude once again.

Immortal Lord Hong Xi waved his hand and stepped away, disappearing from the scene.

Li Fan, however, knew that Immortal Lord Hong Xi had grown tired of dealing with the mundane matters of Congyun Sea and was eager to leave everything behind.

But others were unaware of this.

In their eyes, Immortal Lord Hong Xi’s retreating figure seemed despondent.

The truth was clear to them now—Immortal Lord Hong Xi had indeed lost to Li Fan in the power struggle!

The cultivators’ hearts were stirred with tumultuous waves of realization. They lowered their heads, not daring to look directly at the triumphant envoy before them.

Seeing their reactions, Li Fan understood their thoughts but chose not to explain. Instead, he imitated Hong Xi’s demeanor.

“The governance of the Immortal Alliance must prioritize stability. Everything in Congyun Sea will remain as it is. Zhou Qingang, He Zhenghao, and Gao Yuan will assist me in managing all affairs.”

Zhou Qingang, He Zhenghao, and the others were overjoyed and quickly agreed.

“Now, disperse!” Li Fan waved his hand and disappeared as well.

After Li Fan’s departure, the Bureau of Administration Hall erupted into a commotion.

“Congratulations, Fellow Daoist Zhou!”

“Lord He, this is truly worth celebrating!”

…

Hearing their words as he walked away, Li Fan shook his head slightly.

He was about to return to Shenhua Island when he suddenly received another message.

“The Second Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals and the Five Elders Association’s Friendly Exchange Meeting will take place in Tianling Prefecture in ten days.”

“At this former battlefield, both sides will set aside their grudges and forge new friendships.”

Li Fan’s first thought was of the scene of devastation he had previously witnessed in Tianling Prefecture.

“Hosting a friendly exchange event in such a place? Is that really appropriate?” Li Fan muttered to himself.

“Could it be that, under the guise of friendly exchange, tensions will remain high?”

Li Fan carefully searched for related information and indeed found some suspicious details.

In addition to the mutual exhibition of both parties’ "World-Defying Supreme Treasures," the exchange event would also include competitions in martial arts, philosophical debates, and formation testing.

Representatives from both sides would be the top young talents from their respective organizations.

The entire process of the competitions would be broadcast live.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 625


Beneath the Congyun Sea, where several vital ley lines converge, the energy of the earth veins surged turbulently, appearing far more agitated than before.

Using this powerful energy, Li Fan set up the [Earth-Fire Convergence Formation], placing the dormant Tianyang at its center.

He then gradually added materials such as Eternal Tribulation Gold, Radiant Heaven Crystal, and Purple Spirit Essence into the formation.

The formation resembled a massive furnace. Under the blazing heat of the Earthfire energy, these materials began to merge with Tianyang’s puppet body.

During Tianyang’s countless years of slumber, it was precisely this formation that allowed him to break through his own limits, ascending from a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator to become a Soul Transformation Immortal Monarch.

However, due to the mediocre heritage of the minor sect he had inherited, even with all its resources, Tianyang’s financial means were limited. Over millennia, reaching the Soul Transformation realm was already his peak achievement.

The puppet body, constrained by the innate limitations of its materials, lacked significant strength. While it could contend with those in the same realm, crossing realms to defeat enemies, as true prodigies did, was nearly impossible.

Now, with Li Fan’s assistance, all of this was about to change.

With so many rare treasures poured into its creation, even if it were purely a puppet, it could rival an ordinary Dao Integration cultivator.

Coupled with Tianyang’s indomitable spirit and will, he might even survive against the ultimate manifestation of the soul of heaven and earth—Ink Death.Li Fan’s eyes reflected the fierce glow of the [Earth-Fire Convergence Formation]. After observing for several days, he noticed the process was slower than expected.

“Junior Brother, let Senior Brother give you a little extra boost.”

With that, Li Fan tossed a massive pile of top-quality spirit stones, brimming with pure spiritual energy, into the formation.

Like dry wood meeting a roaring fire, or a strong wind fanning the flames, the effect was immediate. The efficiency of the Earth-Fire Convergence Formation doubled.

Li Fan continued to stare at Tianyang within the formation, his gaze deep and contemplative.

...

Ten days passed in the blink of an eye.

The Tianling Prefecture’s friendly exchange event was about to begin.

To prevent any unforeseen incidents, the entire Tianling Prefecture was locked down. Even all teleportation formation were deactivated, barring unrelated individuals from entering and causing disturbances.

Thus, the opening ceremony and the unveiling of the World-Defying Supreme Treasures were closed to ordinary cultivators.

These so-called "World-Defying Supreme Treasures" referred to peerless magical artifacts possessed by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association, capable of drastically altering the course of their wars. ȒâNóᛒËṣ

According to rumors, both sides had unveiled one supreme treasure each. Those who witnessed their terrifying power were left utterly shaken, abandoning any thoughts of reigniting conflict. However, due to strict confidentiality, no details about these treasures were disclosed, leaving everyone itching with curiosity.

On the second day after the opening, the highly anticipated competition phase officially began.

Dao, Martial Arts, Tools, Formation, Pills, Talismans—

Each day featured a single category, with the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association each sending three prodigies to compete.

The first event, and the most eye-catching, was the Martial Arts Duel.

At that moment, countless cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance watched their first representative step onto the stage through the Tianxuan Viewing Mirrors.

The participant appeared to be a teenager, around ten years old, with a genderless beauty. Dressed in white with a red ribbon tied around their head, they looked strikingly handsome.

The name "Di Luwu" appeared alongside them in the Viewing Mirror.

A buzz of astonishment swept through the crowd.

On the Five Elders Association’s side, their representatives looked grim.

“What’s the meaning of this? Sending a mere child to such an important event?”

“Are they mocking us, as if the Five Elders Association lacks capable individuals?”

...

All the cultivators present had extraordinary cultivation levels, and they could naturally see that the boy named Di Luwu had not maintained a childlike appearance after reaching adulthood. Instead, he genuinely appeared to be less than ten years old.

No matter how much of a genius one might be, how strong could someone become in such a short lifespan?

The expressions of the cultivators from the Five Elders Association were extremely grim. At that moment, a young swordsman in green robes stepped forward, his face filled with indignation and a hint of murderous intent.

"Guzhi, do not underestimate him!"

A middle-aged woman from the Five Elders Association, who appeared no different from a simple village farmer, suddenly shouted.

Her identity seemed particularly special. The green-robed youth, named Xu Guzhi, nodded solemnly in acknowledgment before gracefully stepping forward to face Di Luwu.

"Please enlighten me!" Xu Guzhi narrowed his eyes, his sword pointing directly at Di Luwu.

The battle was on the verge of breaking out, and the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance noticed the information about the two contestants.

Both were at the peak of the Soul Transformation stage. Di Luwu was nine years old, while Xu Guzhi was fifty-six.

The cultivators across the world who witnessed this scene were utterly shocked.

"A nine-year-old at the Soul Transformation peak? Am I seeing this right?"

"Even if you started cultivating in the womb, it shouldn’t be possible to progress this quickly!"

"Is this real? Is Di Luwu the fastest cultivator in history? How did he achieve this?"

"Look at me, I’m already 378 years old and still stuck in the Nascent Soul stage. The gap between people truly makes one despair."

"Heh, you’re at least at the Nascent Soul stage. Should I, a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator, even say anything?"

...

Before the duel even began, it had already ignited worldwide debate. Cultivators speculated wildly about Di Luwu's background.

Even Li Fan’s eyes flickered with amazement and surprise.

After all, a nine-year-old at the Soul Transformation peak was simply beyond reason.

"Could it be the reincarnation technique like Senior Brother Zhang’s method? Or perhaps the body-possession rebirth technique of the Xuantian Sect’s Dharma King?"

"Or maybe..."

Li Fan stared intently at the perpetually cold expression on Di Luwu’s face, feeling a strange sense of familiarity.

"A Heavenly Warlock?"

"Is this Di Luwu from the [Era]?"

While Li Fan was lost in thought, Xu Guzhi moved.

With a swift swing of his sword, a massive sword shadow materialized and descended from the sky.

"A thousand swords unbroken, stretching like mountains."

The viewing mirror immediately displayed a synchronized explanation.

Countless gigantic sword shadows overlapped and pressed down on Di Luwu from all directions with the weight of a mountain, creating an unparalleled sense of oppression without any earth-shaking noise—just a silent and seamless execution.

In the midst of the surrounding swords, Di Luwu seemed frozen with fear, unmoving and at a loss.

The hearts of the cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance tightened instantly.

Just as the countless massive swords were about to strike, Di Luwu made his move.

A silver dragon, like a sudden thunderbolt, lit up the heavens and earth.

It swiftly pierced through the encircling swords.

Before anyone could react, it had already penetrated Xu Guzhi's chest.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 626


The attack by Di Luwu was unbelievably swift.

It wasn’t until the silver dragon revealed its true form—a silver spear—that the scene became clear.

The explanation slowly appeared in the viewing mirror:

“The spear strikes like a dragon, breaking through all.”

After piercing through Xu Guzhi’s body, the silver spear swiftly turned back, shattering the countless sword shadows in its path.

Then, it leisurely returned to Di Luwu’s hand.

At this point, the giant mountain swords Xu Guzhi had swung still hadn’t managed to touch Di Luwu’s body.

In the dazzling silver brilliance, they vanished into nothingness.

Xu Guzhi coughed up a mouthful of fresh blood and stared in disbelief at the “child” before him, who showed no emotional fluctuations whatsoever.

The reversal of the battle took place in an instant.In truth, most of the spectators couldn’t even discern what had happened.

Only after watching the slow-motion replay in the viewing mirror repeatedly did they begin to grasp the details of the fight.

Gasps echoed across the crowd.

“What incredible speed! Such sharp spear techniques!”

“Who is this Di Luwu? His strength is terrifying! I suspect even some Dao Integration Immortal Sages might not be his match!”

“Who exactly are you referring to? Don’t hesitate to name names.”

On the battlefield, Xu Guzhi, pierced by the silver spear, didn’t admit defeat immediately.

He took a deep breath, and his injuries healed completely.

Xu Guzhi slightly opened his mouth and swallowed the straight sword in his hand.

With the sword consumed, his body disappeared from sight.

Amid the stunned gazes of the audience, Xu Guzhi vanished entirely!

It was only through the explanation appearing in the viewing mirror that the onlookers understood what had occurred:

“The sword returns to the sheath; its strike conceals itself in the void.”

For the first time, a faint ripple of emotion appeared on Di Luwu’s face—but it was just a fleeting ripple.

Standing motionless in midair, he extended his right hand, curling his fingers in a provocative gesture.

Almost instantly, an invisible sword light emerged above Di Luwu’s head.

Silent and undetectable, it aimed to sever his head.

But as the strike descended, a burst of silver light erupted, intercepting the Hidden Returning Sword and neutralizing the killing blow.

Di Luwu scanned the surroundings, but Xu Guzhi’s whereabouts remained elusive.

Another wave of invisible sword energy silently approached, impossible to detect.

Yet, once again, just before it touched Di Luwu, his silver spear intercepted it.

“Though the sword is formless, its intent lacks awareness.”

“The martial spear, at the peak of speed, breaks all techniques.”

The viewing mirror displayed these words again.

Li Fan stared at the lines in the mirror for a long time, replaying the scenes of the duel in his mind, coming to some realizations.

Xu Guzhi’s Hidden Returning Sword* was indeed extraordinary—even Di Luwu couldn’t locate it.

However, Di Luwu’s speed was simply unmatched, far surpassing Xu Guzhi’s by several levels.

Moreover, Di Luwu had mastered the method of acting instinctively without conscious thought, enabling him to summon his silver spear at the critical moment to intercept each strike of the Hidden Returning Sword.

From this perspective, Xu Guzhi defeating Di Luwu seemed like an impossible task.

But for Di Luwu to triumph over Xu Guzhi…

That, too, seemed highly challenging.

Di Luwu, appearing to have had enough of the game, furrowed his brow for the first time.

A violent surge of silver radiance erupted from his body, sweeping outward with the intent to annihilate everything in its path.

The viewing mirror’s display was completely overwhelmed by the blinding silver light.

After a brief moment of blindness, the mirror gradually returned to normal.

“Surely this time, Xu Guzhi must be dead.”

When the numerous cultivators were speculating about the outcome, another formless sword light struck toward Di Liuwu as if it were a persistent ghost.

Xu Guzhi remained concealed somewhere within the field!

Seeing this, Li Fan's eyes lit up: "This technique is truly excellent for self-preservation."

Di Luwu, clearly provoked by Xu Guzhi's relentless evasion, became visibly enraged.

Silver lightning serpents swept through the surrounding space, creating black void fissures.

Yet, Xu Guzhi could not be located.

From the spectator seats of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, boos and jeers erupted:

"What kind of duel is this? Can't win, so he hides?"

"Don't call him Xu Guzhi anymore—rename him Xu Wugui!" [1]

But no matter how others criticized him, Xu Guzhi remained unmoved, concealed within the void, launching one sword strike after another against Di Luwu.

As the battle dragged on endlessly, it seemed no conclusion could be reached. Finally, through mutual agreement, a dramatic result emerged:

The first duel of the first day ended in a tie!

This result surprised everyone, save for one cultivator who posted the following message in the Tianxuan Mirror's [World of Dharma] section:

"Wow! It really ended in a draw. With 300-to-1 odds? I've struck it rich!"

The post garnered a mix of envy and scorn from countless cultivators.

After Xu Guzhi and Di Luwu left the stage and rested briefly, the second duel began.

The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance sent a cultivator Li Fan knew well: Shuo Feng, nicknamed "I Am Invincible".

Meanwhile, the Five Elders Association's representative was a limping disabled man.

This so-called "Limping Daoist" appeared unremarkable but was, in fact, incredibly powerful.

Every move he made seemed to carry immense force, distorting space itself and blurring the live broadcast from the viewing mirrors.

However, Shuo Feng was no easy opponent. Clad in radiant golden armor, he withstood all of the Limping Daoist's attacks.

After a prolonged fight, Shuo Feng seized an opportunity and deployed 49 flying swords, ultimately defeating the Limping Daoist.

Thus, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance won the second duel.

Yet, Shuo Feng showed little joy on his face. He clasped his hands toward the Limping Daoist in acknowledgment before leaving silently, seemingly dissatisfied with his victory.

"Shuo Feng's victory lies in the strength of his equipment, not the courage of his martial skill."

This post-match commentary even appeared in the viewing mirrors, a rare critique that praised an opponent while downplaying one's own side.

Such remarks should not have surfaced but somehow did.

"Who is Shuo Feng?"

"The treasures he's wearing are incredible! If I had those weapons, I wouldn’t be much weaker!"

"You? Dream on. He has a powerful mother; what do you have?"

"A powerful mother? Fellow Daoist, please elaborate..."

...

Cultivators across the world began discussing Shuo Feng fervently. Soon, everyone knew he was the favored son of the Immortal Sage Fei Xue. Many speculated that his participation in this duel was due to his mother's influence.

Regardless of Shuo Feng's feelings, amidst the heated debates, the third duel commenced.

Initially, everyone expected another intense battle, but the outcome was decided in an instant.

With a single punch, the representative sent by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was defeated.

The one who delivered the punch? A seemingly ordinary peasant-looking woman from the Five Elders Association.

[1. Wugui here means 'turtle' basically insulting Xu Guzhi by calling him coward]

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 627


As the punch landed, the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance fell into a deafening silence.

The woman, however, maintained a remarkably composed demeanor as she slowly retracted her fist. "Let’s go back," she said.

The representative of the Five Elders Association’s martial faction, though visibly shaken, followed behind the peasant woman, gradually disappearing from the viewing mirror’s display.

It wasn’t until Xu Jing, the peak Soul Transformation cultivator from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, regained consciousness with a confused expression that the spectators finally snapped out of their shock.

"Wow! That old lady is insanely powerful!"

"That punch... it felt like even the Dao itself was about to be annihilated!"

"Did anyone see clearly how she struck?"

Even Li Fan and the rest of the spectators repeatedly played back the scene captured by the viewing mirror.

However, despite slowing the footage to its limits, the peasant woman’s movements remained indiscernible. All they could see was a blur before the shadow of a fist appeared, and Xu Jing was overwhelmed by the punch’s energy, falling unconscious.

"Three punches from the peasant woman can bring down the heavens and collapse the earth," someone muttered.Even the commentator seemed stunned by the punch, as a single line slowly appeared on the mirror:

"Three punches from the peasant woman? Does that mean there are two punches she hasn’t unleashed yet?"

"Gasp! If the first punch alone could suppress someone as prodigious as Xu Jing, who could possibly withstand all three punches?"

"Shuo Feng definitely can’t handle it. What about Di Luwu?"

"Di Luwu’s speed is incredible; the peasant woman might not even be able to land a hit on him."

"I wouldn’t be so sure."

…

Amid the heated debates, the first day of the competition finally came to an end.

The result was a draw, seemingly setting a harmonious tone for this "friendly exchange meeting."

However, as the days passed, and the outcomes of the remaining contests—focused on Dao, artifacts, formations, alchemy, and talismans—all unexpectedly ended in ties, the atmosphere gradually took on a peculiar vibe.

If the draws on the first and second days could be attributed to coincidence, then six consecutive days of evenly matched results suggested something more deliberate.

It seemed as though the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association had reached some sort of secret agreement, collectively sending a subtle message to all cultivators:

A message of "peace."

From every angle, the two sides appeared evenly matched. Reigniting the flames of war would likely lead to mutual destruction.

With such stakes, was there any point in further conflict?

Enlightened by this realization, cultivators across the land understood that this "friendly exchange meeting" was merely a grand performance. The outcome was likely predetermined, with each duel meticulously following a script.

Still, for just 100 contribution points, one could enjoy the spectacle and study the battles of various prodigies, gaining valuable insights. For most cultivators, it was well worth it.

Moreover, this display seemed to set the tone for a period of "peace" in the near future, providing cultivators with a sense of relief and stability.

Thus, even after the friendly exchange meeting ended, discussions about it persisted among the cultivators.

"In my opinion, the so-called prodigies who participated in this event weren’t all that extraordinary. They were strong, no doubt, but not beyond imagination. I’m currently at the Nascent Soul stage. Once I break through, I might be able to challenge them!" Ř𝒶𐌽ȪＢÊ𝙨

"Exactly. Take that nine-year-old Soul Transformation cultivator, Di Luwu, for example. While he’s fast, his fighting style relies heavily on speed. If we analyze it carefully, we might find a way to counter him."

"I’ve had similar thoughts. So it’s not just my imagination?"

"We should devote ourselves to cultivation. Who knows? The next time there’s a chance for such a grand performance, we might be the ones stepping into the spotlight and making a name for ourselves across the land."

…

Just as all the cultivators across the world were starting to think they had a chance again, Li Fan received a message from Immortal lord Hongxi.

"The real competition is about to begin. Do you want to come and watch?"

Li Fan's heart stirred slightly.

"The real competition? Sir, what do you mean?"

Hongxi replied lazily, "This so-called friendly exchange meeting is divided into two parts: the overt and the covert. The overt part is a performance where the results are pre-determined."

"Neither side in the open competition will reveal overwhelming and terrifying power. Now that the great war has just ended, it’s crucial to replenish fresh blood. If we crush their motivation to cultivate, it would be counterproductive."

"So, both sides have been holding back their full strength."

"Privately, however, it’s necessary to truly determine a winner and probe each other’s depths."

"The entire process of this private competition must be kept confidential. Each region is allotted only two remote viewing slots. Since Ziyun is watching on-site, one spot is vacant."

Immortal Lord Hongxi explained.

Hearing this, Li Fan immediately agreed. At the same time, he felt somewhat relieved.

He had thought the performances of those so-called "prides of heaven" (geniuses) had been somewhat underwhelming. While their techniques and skills were impressive, none displayed truly stunning divine abilities.

At the same level of power, not to mention competing with him, even Zhong Shentong, who mastered the Seven-Colored Divine Light, might not guarantee a clear victory.

Now it seemed there was indeed something fishy going on.

Li Fan arrived at the Administrative Hall, where Hongxi was already waiting.

Hongxi lightly tapped the table, and in an instant, the world’s scenery changed.

From the Congyun Immortal City, they were transported to the peak of a mountain surrounded by a sea of clouds.

Li Fan was initially startled. But seeing that Hongxi showed no hostility, he chose to wait and observe.

"The competition is about to begin. There’s no commentary, so how much you comprehend depends entirely on your own understanding," Hongxi said, waving his hand.

In the distance, the sea of clouds surged, revealing a square seal.

The seal’s engraved patterns seemed to resemble the scenery of the Congyun Sea.

At that moment, the seal projected a beam of light upward, illuminating the sky.

In the next instant, two figures appeared.

Not only were they lifelike images, but the aura and pressure emanating from them felt utterly real.

It was as if a massive mountain suddenly weighed down on him, and Li Fan almost bent under the pressure, struggling to breathe.

His internal cave-heaven energy circulated slightly, not at full power but enough to ease the burden a bit.

Li Fan stared intently at the two figures standing above the sea of clouds.

One of them bore an uncanny resemblance to the nine-year-old Soul Transformation genius who had appeared earlier. Even their attire and weapon were identical.

However, this figure looked even younger, appearing to be only five or six years old.

"Please grant me your guidance!" the child said in a soft, milky voice, sounding utterly adorable.

But when the child made a move, Li Fan's expression changed dramatically.

With a casual swipe at the void ahead, countless silver beams descended from the sky in an instant.

As the world was dyed entirely in silvery hues, the surrounding area seemed to transform into a domain under the child’s complete control.

In Li Fan's perception, the area ahead had become akin to an independent world.

"I fear my Binding Insect Divine Ability would be greatly weakened in that space," a thought quickly flashed through Li Fan's mind.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 628


The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's representative "Wu" displayed extraordinary skill, his moves creating an immense commotion.

Meanwhile, the Five Elders Association’s representative was no ordinary figure either. He was not the green-robed youth seen earlier, but a cold-faced, lean middle-aged cultivator exuding a murderous aura.

Countless silver rays descended around him but were effortlessly neutralized by the swirling gray-white energy emanating from him.

“Ice!”

The cold and indifferent voice of the lean cultivator rang out. Before his words faded, the space surrounding him seemed to freeze, as if encased in ice.

A chilling aura spread outward from him as its origin, seemingly capable of freezing even time itself. When a silver ray approached the cultivator, it froze mid-air on the spot.

As the frozen domain expanded, more and more silver rays became immobilized.

Only then did Li Fan clearly see the dancing silver serpents in the air, which turned out to be an array of various weapons: swords, spears, halberds, axes, and hooks.

Despite his moves being countered, "Wu" showed no trace of anger on his face. Instead, he clapped joyfully and laughed, then pointed lightly at the lean cultivator. His smile disappeared, replaced by a solemn and murderous expression.

“Bang!” An invisible surge of lightning passed through the frozen domain, and cracks started to spread toward the lean cultivator.

However, just as the lightning was about to strike his body, the swirling gray energy reappeared, blocking it.

Within the gray aura, black streaks briefly emerged before vanishing, leaving behind a bleak, ghostly gray light.

"Wu" pointed again, unleashing another series of deadly strikes.

The lean cultivator, unchanged in expression, calmly called out: “Wind!”

A fierce gust of wind erupted from nowhere. Li Fan saw the invisible lightning, which had pierced through the frozen domain, being blown back as if carried away by the wind. It turned around and struck toward "Wu."

"Wu" furrowed his brow and summoned silver light to shield himself.

The crackling sound of colliding energy resonated continuously around him.

“This is more like it…” Although the spectacle left Li Fan puzzled, he could sense the brilliance of the battle between the two.

Not wanting to miss a single detail, he focused all his attention, carefully observing and recording every ripple of energy fluctuation on the battlefield.

Beside him, Immortal Lord Hongxi did the same. However, his gaze occasionally fell on Li Fan, a thoughtful expression flickering across his face.

While Li Fan was immersed in the enthralling duel between two geniuses of the Xuanyuan Realm, the outside world had gradually calmed down from discussions about the "Friendly Exchange Meeting."

Life had returned to normal, with more cultivators choosing to enhance their insights through secluded meditation.

At this time, Zhou Qingang, who meticulously managed the daily affairs of the Congyun Sea, received an intriguing report from Zhao Changli, the guardian of Liuli Island. ȑα𐌽ỗ𐌱ËŞ

Zhao Changli had succeeded He Zhenghao in his role. Li Fan had met him during his visit to Liuli Island when he explained and clarified his fundraising plans to the Congyun Sea cultivators.

Cautious, meticulous, and attentive, Zhao Changli was unfortunately not talented in cultivation. Being born a mortal and having limited resources, he barely reached the Foundation Establishment stage.

The report read:

“Recently, the production of Liuli Pills, a specialty of Liuli Island, has sharply declined. Upon careful investigation, I discovered that the liuli fish near the island have almost disappeared. Their whereabouts remain unknown.

Additionally, discussions with the guardians of other islands revealed that this issue is not unique to Liuli Island.

There may be significant changes occurring within the Congyun Sea. However, my abilities are limited, and I cannot ascertain the cause. This leaves me deeply anxious. I respectfully report this matter and await your wise directive.”

Looking at the familiar report, Li Fan smiled faintly.

“This man is commendable—a rare talent. Although his cultivation aptitude is lacking, his ability to observe subtle signs and deduce the impending disaster in the Congyun Sea is remarkable.”

Li Fan subtly glanced up at the sky.

"So, it’s finally about to happen..."

After staring for a long while, Li Fan finally withdrew his gaze.

He did not respond to Zhao Changli’s report but chose to leave it unaddressed, continuing to handle other matters instead.

A true battle between geniuses would clearly not be decided in a short period of time.

Time flew by, and it wasn’t until nearly twenty days later that the clandestine contest between the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association finally concluded.

Above the mountain's peak and sea of clouds, all the scenes vanished without a trace.

The energy receded, and the great seal was once again concealed beneath layers of white clouds.

Li Fan exhaled slowly.

This time, he had gained a lot from observing the battle.

However, the sudden influx of information was overwhelming, leaving him unable to process it all immediately. He would need some quiet time to reflect and comprehend.

"How do you feel?"

The Immortal Lord Hongxi asked lazily as usual.

"This humble one is dull-witted and could only barely understand what was happening," Li Fan answered cautiously.

Hongxi chuckled but did not refute.

"Understanding a little is enough. By the way, when you return, write an essay reflecting on the battle you observed. It should include, but not be limited to, a comparison of the strengths between the core members of our Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association, potential future developments, and possible breakthroughs."

"The more detailed, the better," Hongxi suddenly added.

"Huh?" Li Fan was startled by his words.

Hongxi, however, continued as if it were only natural, "Did you think that watching this remote [True Scene Reappearance] was free of charge? You should know that every moment of activating this feature costs countless contributions."

"Many people would kill for this opportunity. What’s wrong with asking you to write a reflection?"

"Besides, this is an assignment handed down from above. It’s also considered part of the administrative achievements of our Congyun Sea. Don’t slack off."

Hearing this, Li Fan could only remain silent.

He cupped his hands in acknowledgment, indicating that he understood.

"Go quickly, and make sure to send it to me as soon as possible," Hongxi said, waving his hand. The mountain-top and sea-of-clouds scene abruptly disappeared.

The two returned to the administrative hall.

After bidding farewell, Li Fan returned to the Tianxuan Mirror.

Seizing the moment while the memories were still fresh, he activated the "Awakening" state and swallowed a Dao Enlightenment Pill.

Reflecting and comprehending the scenes of the battle between geniuses, his mind immersed itself fully.

After some unknown amount of time, when he finally awoke from his epiphany, a sharp gleam shot out from his eyes before quickly retracting.

"Battling against geniuses—divine abilities and techniques cannot be as invincible as they are against ordinary cultivators."

"For example, my Congyun Sword and Heaven-Overturning Palm are both incredibly powerful. But hitting the swift martial artist or the emaciated cultivator who seemed capable of freezing everything was an arduous task."

"Only by mastering more divine abilities and merging them seamlessly to act as one with my will can I gain an absolute advantage."

"In the end, it’s still due to insufficient real combat experience."

...

Li Fan pondered for a moment and then opened the long-unused [Sitting and Discuss Dao] section within the Tianxuan Mirror.

Using the Congyun Sword and Heaven-Overturning Palm as templates, he virtually created a character.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 629


"Would you like to spend 10,000 contribution points to conduct a deduction of a divine ability? The first attempt has a 1% success rate. Each subsequent attempt increases the success rate until it reaches 100%."

Li Fan stared at the prompt displayed by the Tianxuan Mirror, his expression unchanging, and selected "Confirm."

Within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance system, cultivators gradually unlock specific privileges as their merit levels increase.

These privileges manifest in various aspects of cultivation life, such as reduced contribution costs for using teleportation formations, or an increased number of items that can be sold to the Tianxuan Mirror at market-standard prices.

However, some significant privileges are only available upon reaching specific levels:

1. Level 5 Privilege: Once per year, one can request a free long-distance teleportation.

2. Level 10 Privilege: While searching the Tianxuan Mirror for information, one can preview materials and item details that are typically restricted to those a realm higher.

3. Level 15 Privilege: Every ten years, one can randomly contact a cultivator who is one major realm higher through the Tianxuan Mirror. This contact does not impose any obligations or responsibilities on either party, leaving the relationship to personal ability.

4. Level 20 Privilege: The ability to use contribution points for divine ability or combat technique deductions during the Sitting and Discussing Dao.

However, this deduction process has a reputation for being particularly harsh. Not only does it consume a massive amount of contribution points, but success is far from guaranteed.

Many cultivators in the system ridicule it as a "contribution-recovery trap."

When Li Fan confirmed his choice, the miniature figure representing him in the mirror began to move.

Its expression was stern, eyes fixed on the void ahead. The left hand executed a palm strike, while the right hand wielded a sword.

A faint glow erupted from the figure, and the surrounding space distorted and blurred.

As expected, the Tianxuan Mirror notified him:

"This deduction attempt has failed. Would you like to spend 15,000 contribution points to continue?"

"If you proceed, the success rate will increase to 2%. If you abandon the process, all deduction data will be reset, requiring you to start over next time."

"You may also choose to supplement the divine ability's data details to further increase the success rate."

Li Fan decisively chose to continue.

The miniature figure resumed its movements. This time, the display of the "Congyun Sword" and "Heaven-Overturning Palm" techniques seemed more vivid than before.

However, the probability of success was still minuscule, and failure quickly followed.

The third deduction required 20,000 contribution points, raising the success rate to just 3%.

Li Fan's expression remained unchanged as he selected "Continue."

The third attempt failed.

Then came the fourth, the fifth...

As the miniature figure’s performance of the Congyun Sword and Heaven-Overturning Palm grew increasingly refined and imbued with a divine essence, Li Fan began to understand the underlying principle of the Tianxuan Mirror's deduction process. 𝘳άＮȪʙËȿ

In simple terms, the mirror creates a hypothetical divine ability target and assigns it the expected effects and powers of the technique.

The mirror then reverses the process, deducing all the necessary conditions for mastering the divine ability and summarizing them as experiences for the cultivator.

This process is akin to ancient cultivators observing others' battles, instantly learning, and replicating the divine abilities they saw—what is known as "learning through analogy and reaching the same destination by different paths."

The more deduction attempts made, the greater the contribution cost.

When the cost of each attempt rose to 100,000 points, the success rate had barely increased to 18%.

"This deduction process really isn’t something ordinary people can afford to play with."

"The Tianxuan Mirror’s deduction capability must be far more efficient than this. This setup is clearly deliberate, designed to maliciously drain contribution points."

"By now, so much has already been invested, and the sunk cost is too high. Very few people would be willing to give up at this point. It’s like being trapped in a quagmire, unable to escape," Li Fan mused to himself.

After some thought, he uploaded his insights into the Congyun Sword and the Heaven-Overturning Palm divine abilities to supplement the data.

Instantly, the success rate skyrocketed from 18% to 78%, while the deduction cost remained unchanged.

“It seems that deductions with theoretical support are far superior to fabricating out of thin air,” Li Fan thought silently as he initiated another deduction.

In the blink of an eye, a seven-colored divine light descended from the heavens, enveloping the miniature version of Li Fan.

The small figure seemed to attain enlightenment, displaying an expression of profound realization, as though achieving the Dao in the morning and being willing to die by evening.

Letting out a resonant cry, it struck with a single palm. Instantly, the void ahead twisted, and space-time was overturned. Several blue sword lights flashed repeatedly, slicing through the void.

At the same time, a golden light appeared before Li Fan’s eyes, accompanied by stirring music resonating in his ears.

“Congratulations! You have successfully comprehended the divine ability: [Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword].”

“Divine Ability Description: Unrestricted by form or technique, every punch, palm, blade, or sword carries the power to shatter the heavens.”

“Would you like to spend 500,000 contribution points to infuse the divine ability?”

“You may also continue to refine the [Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword], enhancing it to perfection. Remember, the Dao has no limits.”

“The first advanced deduction comes at a 50% discount, costing only 50,000 contribution points. Success rate: 8%.”

As the series of prompts from the Tianxuan Mirror echoed in his mind, Li Fan’s expression fluctuated, and he finally couldn’t hold back his emotions.

He had initially believed his contribution points were abundant—enough to last him a lifetime.

But now…

Even with that, the Tianxuan Mirror still outmaneuvered him!

With a "let's give it a try" mindset, Li Fan initiated the advanced deduction.

The first discounted attempt cost 50,000 contribution points, with an 8% success rate. Failed.

The second attempt consumed 150,000 contribution points, but the success rate increased to 10%. Still failed.

…

Even though Li Fan had accumulated an enormous amount of contribution points—practically windfalls—watching them deplete rapidly left him heartbroken.

In this cultivation method deduction, contribution points seemed to lose their inherent value, becoming mere fuel to power the process.

If the success rate steadily increased with each attempt, Li Fan might have gritted his teeth and pushed through to achieve the advanced version of the divine ability.

But the Tianxuan Mirror’s schemes exceeded his expectations.

When the success rate reached 50% and another failure occurred, Li Fan discovered that it had stopped increasing!

Instead, a new progress bar appeared before him:

“Specialized Directional Deduction.”

“When the success rate of divine ability advancement deductions stagnates, failures can contribute to the progress of a directional deduction. Once the progress bar is full, you can specify the enhancement direction of the advanced divine ability.”

“For example: destructive power, mystique, priority, etc.”

…

The success rate did not steadily increase, but the contribution cost for each deduction unequivocally escalated.

At this rate, refining an advanced version of the [Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword] would require an astronomical amount of contribution points.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 630


Li Fan thought for a moment and eventually decided to give up for the time being.

"You may choose to consume 100,000 contribution points to save the progress of this advancement and deduction."

"The next time, you can continue the deduction from the saved checkpoint."

"You currently have three divine ability deduction record slots available. Additional slots can be unlocked by spending contribution points."

...

Li Fan fell silent.

In the end, he reluctantly chose to save the progress.

Then, he infused the [Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword] with divine abilities.

A brilliant seven-colored radiance suddenly burst from the miniature figure of Li Fan.

The figure transitioned from solid to illusory, slowly solidifying. Finally, it transformed into a seven-colored prism that floated gently before Li Fan.Li Fan reached out and grasped it. In an instant, the prism seemed to dissolve, shrinking smaller and smaller.

At the same time, countless images and insights surged into Li Fan’s mind.

It was the perfect fusion of the Congyun Sea Sword and the Heaven-Overturning Palm, forming a brand-new divine ability.

The effect of the divine infusion was even better than achieving an epiphany on his own.

When the prism in his hand completely disappeared, Li Fan had fully mastered the [Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword].

"Congratulations! You have successfully acquired a new divine ability."

"Would you like to apply the new divine ability to your character template?"

Of course, Li Fan confirmed his choice.

Moments later, a brand-new miniature figure of Li Fan appeared before him.

Its expression was calm, and its aura was noticeably stronger than that of the previous figure.

Using this new character, Li Fan initiated challenges against other cultivators.

Within moments, amidst the shifting heavens and earth and the flashing sword light, his opponent was already defeated.

"You have accumulated a battle experience entry. Would you like to extract and infuse it?"

The mechanical voice of the Tianxuan Mirror rang out once more.

"No need for now. Activate the auto-challenge function," Li Fan said in a deep voice.

"Proxy mode has been activated. In this mode, the specified character template will automatically seek suitable targets for battles. Each proxy battle costs 10,000 contribution points," the mechanical voice of the Tianxuan Mirror echoed. 𝑅Ἀℕố฿ĚṦ

"This pricing is much more reasonable," Li Fan thought to himself.

Watching the miniature figure before him autonomously engage in battles with new cultivators, Li Fan exhaled deeply and temporarily exited the [Sitting and Discussing Dao] interface.

Although not much actual time had passed, he felt a peculiar sense of having been away for ages.

Clearing his mind, Li Fan exchanged insights on the Tianxuan Mirror's divine deduction with other cultivators.

It was only then that he realized his earlier actions were indeed quite wasteful.

Typically, ordinary cultivators rely on their own comprehension to deduce divine abilities. Only when they are stuck at a critical point and unable to proceed do they resort to the Tianxuan Mirror.

The reason is simple: the contribution points required for divine deduction with the Tianxuan Mirror are exorbitantly high, far beyond what most cultivators can afford.

"But on the flip side, contribution points are merely a currency used by the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance to maintain its operations. They hold no real intrinsic value."

"If someone could master the permissions of the Tianxuan Mirror, wouldn’t they be able to deduce any divine ability they desire?"

"After two millennia of reconstruction, how powerful have the high-level cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance become?"

Li Fan couldn’t help but feel astonished.

However, he suddenly recalled a hypothesis he had entertained a long time ago.

The Tianxuan Mirror is the true ruler of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

Now, it seems that even if the truth deviates somewhat from his speculation, cultivators may not have absolute control over the Tianxuan Mirror.

Rather than one side having complete control, it’s more like a relationship of mutual cooperation and restraint.

This notion could be glimpsed from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance’s efforts to manipulate the Xuantian Spirit Locking Formation, requiring the excavation of the Xuantian Sect’s Dharma King.

...

After mastering a new divine ability, Li Fan, who hadn’t engaged in combat for a long time, couldn't help but feel an itch in his hands.

Looking around, he couldn’t immediately find a suitable opponent.

Fortunately, the heavens seemed to be on his side, as he soon encountered the perfect sparring target.

Liu San sent a message, informing him that he had returned to Shenhua Island.

Li Fan’s heart stirred, and he quietly left Congyun City, also heading back to the island.

When he saw Liu San in front of him, he noticed that Liu San seemed slightly older compared to when they had last parted.

"It seems the Samantabhadra True Boat still cannot completely eliminate the effects of the White Mist that depletes one’s lifespan," Li Fan realized inwardly.

However, he didn’t show any signs of knowing this and instead stared at Liu San in apparent surprise.

He then feigned shock and said, "Elder Liu, what happened to you? Has your lifespan decreased?"

Liu San nodded.

Li Fan pretended to be furious and said, "Outrageous! When I purchased that Samantabhadra True Boat, the seller swore it would completely isolate the White Mist’s effect of consuming lifespan."

"How dare he deceive me! I’ll make him pay for this!"

Li Fan, filled with anger, turned around as if to leave immediately.

Seeing how concerned Li Fan was and how angry he became on his behalf, a hint of emotion flashed in Liu San’s eyes.

He quickly stopped Li Fan and persuaded him, "Young Master, let it go. We are newcomers here, and it’s better to avoid unnecessary conflicts."

"It’s just a few years of lifespan. This old servant’s humble life is insignificant compared to the revival of the Medicine King Sect."

"Besides, merchants tend to exaggerate their claims to sell their products. It may not have been intentional deception."

Under Liu San’s persuasion, Li Fan’s expression shifted several times before he finally snorted coldly and gave up on immediate revenge.

"Did you gain anything during this trip, Elder Liu?" After making the appropriate gestures, Li Fan asked calmly.

"Thankfully, I did not fail in my mission!" Liu San’s face revealed a smile.

"The heavens have not forsaken our Medicine King Sect! I searched nearly all the locations you marked, finding nothing."

"Just as I was about to give up, I discovered traces of the Longevity Valley at the last location!"

Hearing this, Li Fan’s eyes lit up.

Liu San, looking excited, continued, "I entered the valley and saw it for myself. Perhaps due to its location within the White Mist Barrier, the secret realm seems untouched by cultivators for thousands of years."

"Compared to when we last left, the spiritual energy inside, the growth density of spiritual plants, and medicinal herbs have all improved significantly!"

"Moreover, the formation we set up back then is still operational, having automatically collected and stored a large amount of mature herbs over the years."

Liu San spoke at length, finally concluding, "Reclaiming the Longevity Valley gives us hope for the revival of the Medicine King Sect!"

Hearing this, Li Fan also became visibly excited. "Excellent! Elder Liu, this time you have truly made a great contribution!"

"Once the matters here at Congyun Sea are settled in a few days, we will head to the Longevity Valley."

Liu San nodded in agreement.

However, he seemed to recall something and furrowed his brows slightly.

This subtle change did not escape Li Fan’s sharp eyes. He asked, "Elder Liu, do you have any concerns?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 631


Liu San did not answer immediately but pondered for a moment before asking a question.

“Does the Young Master know if the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance has any similar strongholds within the White Mist Barrier?”

Li Fan was slightly taken aback. “What does Elder Liu mean by this?”

Stroking his beard, Liu San slowly explained, “Earlier, while maneuvering the Samantabhadra True Boat through the vast white mist, I happened to glimpse a group of cultivators acting strangely.”

“They had no protective measures and were exposed directly to the essence-devouring white mist, moving sluggishly as though searching for something.”

“What was even more peculiar was that I could not sense any signs of life from them. At first, I thought they were corpses acting purely on instinct. But just as I was about to approach and investigate, one of them seemed to notice me and turned their head. At the same time, I felt a spiritual sense probing me.”

“At that time, my main task was to locate the Longevity Valley. To avoid unnecessary trouble, I sent out a spiritual message indicating I had no malicious intent, then withdrew on my own initiative.”

“Since Longevity Valley is hidden within the White Mist, it is possible that our Medicine King Sect may encounter these individuals again when entering or exiting. It would be wise to prepare in advance.”

As Liu San narrated this incident, Li Fan's expression gradually became serious.

“Cultivators within the White Mist, devoid of any life force, yet behaving just like ordinary cultivators?”Almost instantly, Li Fan recalled the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators from his previous life, who emerged from the White Mist over four hundred years later—dead yet still alive.

“Have they already succeeded in reversing the principles of life and death?”

Li Fan immediately asked Liu San for more details about those cultivators.

After a brief exchange, Li Fan’s heart settled slightly.

“Wandering mindlessly like walking corpses—they are still far from truly being reborn after death. However, they indeed exhibit characteristics of life emerging from dead bodies.”

This mysterious Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign, who reversed the principles of life and death and secretly proved their Dao without anyone noticing, was utterly enigmatic.

Even in his past life, up until the unification of Xuanhuang and the establishment of the Heavenly Alliance, this person never revealed themselves.

Clearly, they intentionally concealed their identity. Regardless of their motives, it was evident they did not wish to be disturbed.

“This matter is undoubtedly bizarre, but it has nothing to do with our Medicine King Sect. If the sky falls, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance can hold it up. If we encounter them again, we should simply avoid them,” Li Fan instructed after pretending to deliberate for a moment. ṜáΝȰ𐌱Ɛs̩

Liu San also felt that Li Fan’s words made sense, so he nodded and did not dwell on the matter further.

“Longevity Valley is currently located within the White Mist Barrier, at the border of Luoyan Prefecture and Lueying Prefecture,” Liu San said as he took out a map and marked the location.

“It should be roughly here. The perception of distance within the White Mist may be slightly skewed, but the general direction is accurate.”

Li Fan glanced at the map and committed it to memory.

“It’s not far from Congyun Sea, so we can relocate there at any time. Moreover, Luoyan Prefecture is much more prosperous than Congyun Sea and would be a better springboard for the rise of our Medicine King Sect.”

“However, to avoid arousing Zhou Qingang’s suspicions, the affairs in Congyun Sea must be gradually and carefully detached,” Li Fan explained.

“Young Master can decide as you see fit. After so many years, a little more time won’t hurt. Besides, I’ve already resealed the entrance to Longevity Valley using secret methods. There is no way outsiders will detect it,” Liu San replied with a nod.

Having settled the matter, Li Fan returned to the main topic and proposed a sparring session.

Liu San immediately became interested and said, “It seems the young master has gained something new from his cultivation?”

“Indeed, Elder Liu, you don’t know. The Tianxuan Mirror of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is truly a supreme artifact. It possesses all sorts of incredible powers, even assisting me in deriving divine abilities. Unfortunately, Elder Liu, your cultivation is too advanced, and your origins cannot be concealed. Otherwise, you could experience it yourself,” Li Fan remarked with a mix of awe and regret.

“Haha, no matter how many benefits it offers, my life has reached its peak. As long as you, the sect leader and the others, can enjoy them, it’s enough for me,” Liu San replied nonchalantly.

Afterward, the two went to the martial arts chamber of the Medicine King Sect to conduct a sparring session.

Although it was called sparring, it was merely Liu San acting as a training partner.

Even if the "Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword" was extraordinary, it was still difficult to span two major realms and cause any real harm to someone like Liu San, whose cultivation was at the Dao Integration level.

However, Liu San was full of praise for this divine ability.

“The young master is indeed worthy of being the designated successor by the sect master, to have comprehended such a profound divine ability.”

“One strike shatters the heavens, the sword moves at will. Its destructive power is astonishing, and it’s difficult to defend against. If you, young master, were to break through to the Soul Transformation stage, facing this divine ability would certainly be troublesome even for me.”

Liu San extended his left index finger and looked at a shallow blood mark on it as he spoke.

Looking at his "achievement," Li Fan roughly estimated the power of the Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword.

In fact, he hadn’t used his full strength, only employing the power of one of his Cave Heaven domains.

If the power of all five elemental Cave Heavens were fully circulated, the explosive destructive power would likely be at least ten times stronger.

At that time, it wouldn’t be just a scratch.

“To wound but not kill. After all, the gap between Dao Integration and Nascent Soul is far greater than that between Foundation Establishment and Nascent Soul,” Li Fan thought to himself.

In the days that followed, Li Fan instructed Liu San to select some trustworthy individuals from the still-dormant cultivators of the Medicine King Sect and awaken them first.

Before long, the Crimson Flame will burn the sea, and the great calamity would descend. The foundations Li Fan had laid in this place would be buried along with it.

Reestablishing his identity later would not be easy.

Therefore, it was necessary to take advantage of this remaining time to expedite the process of integrating the Medicine King Sect cultivators into the alliance.

Liu San also understood the current situation. In an environment where dual cultivation of laws was no longer possible, cultivation methods were more precious than ever, especially high-level ones. Thus, he was particularly cautious in his selection. However, Liu San had never indulged in power struggles in his earlier years, focusing instead on cultivation and alchemy while following Liu Ruchen.

As a result, he had few confidants and only a general understanding of the disciples' characters within the Medicine King Sect.

After much thought, he secretly approached Li Fan and suggested a method of "forcible control."

Although this fit perfectly with Li Fan's intentions, he still needed to act hesitant on the surface.

Pretending to hesitate, Li Fan lowered his head and remained silent.

Seeing this, Liu San persuaded him, saying, “Young master, you must understand that mercy has no place in leadership. The current circumstances are extraordinary and leave no room for error. Human nature is complex and unpredictable. You can’t expect everyone to be as devoted as we are, willing to give their all for the revival of the Medicine King Sect.”

As if recalling something, Liu San sneered, “There are quite a few traitors within the Medicine King Sect.”

“In those days…”

Liu San paused and continued, “Now that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is stronger than the Ten Great Immortal Sects, there’s no guarantee that when these people wake up and see the alliance’s grandeur, they won’t entertain the idea of defecting.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 632


"One person's defection is manageable, but what I fear most is them seeking merit by sacrificing our Medicine King Sect."

Liu San's eyebrows slightly furrowed as he said, "Therefore, the Young Master must prepare thoroughly."

Li Fan feigned hesitation but eventually let out a long sigh and reluctantly agreed.

"The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance has everything one could need. As long as we have enough contributions, acquiring a powerful controlling technique shouldn't be too difficult."

"It's just that we've already accumulated significant contribution debt..."

Hearing this, Liu San patted his chest confidently, reassuring Li Fan.

"This time, when I returned, I brought some top-quality mature herbs from the Longevity Valley. They should be enough to refine some high quality Longevity Pills."

Li Fan nodded. "In that case, I will have to trouble you again, Elder Liu."

Liu San waved it off without concern and immediately led a group of disciples to begin refining the Longevity Pills.

Meanwhile, Li Fan exited the Medicine King's Cauldron, intending to return to Congyun Immortal City to make preparations for their eventual departure.Once the Congyun Sea disappears, the Immortal Alliance will likely investigate the surviving cultivators from the area.

As members of the Medicine King Sect are all registered as being "from the Congyun Sea," if only they survive this calamity, it might arouse suspicion.

To avoid this, Li Fan planned to muddy the waters. He intended to find an excuse to send out another group of people from the Congyun Sea. The number of survivors would need to be at least double the registered cultivators of the Medicine King Sect to make it appear reasonable.

As he deliberated over names, one by one passing through his mind, he was about to leave when he suddenly heard the cry of a baby.

Startled, Li Fan scanned with his spiritual sense, and his expression became somewhat peculiar.

It turned out that, being young men and women full of vigor, some had inevitably developed romantic feelings for each other while living together on the island.

To his surprise, the newborn's mother was none other than the mother of Han Wuyou from his previous life, though her father was now a different man.

"So, in this lifetime, Han Wuyou won't exist?"

"Does this mean that nothing is truly predestined? Or does fate itself constantly shift with the actions of living beings?"

Li Fan's eyes narrowed slightly as he fell into deep thought.

The birth of new life always brings hope, especially to these young people who had been confined for so long.

They gazed at the wrinkled face of the baby girl with genuine joy, grinning foolishly.

Su Xiaomei, in particular, was overjoyed, hopping around and clamoring to hold the baby. However, she was firmly stopped by Xiao Heng.

Watching the warm scene on the island, a distant memory of a similar moment surfaced in Li Fan's mind, causing a fleeting ripple in his gaze.

But the emotion quickly dissipated.

"Without longevity, all is fleeting."

Having witnessed too many instances of parents burying their children and personally experiencing numerous separations through life and death, Li Fan no longer dwelled on such matters. ȐΆƝȯΒĚš

With a cold heart, he turned away and flew toward Congyun Immortal City in the clouds.

Upon his return to the city, Li Fan spotted a familiar figure.

"It's her? So, she also sensed her father's peril?" Li Fan's eyes flickered.

A young girl was sitting in a room in the Administrative Hall, curiously looking around. She was none other than He Zhenghao's daughter, He Xinxin.

Meanwhile, He Zhenghao, usually idle and not very busy with work, appeared to be working frantically.

"Lord He, please, you must help our island!"

"My lord, the Taian Fruits from Taian Island have had a poor harvest this year. Could we ask for some leniency?"

...

A crowd of people surrounded He Zhenghao, following him as he entered the room.

He Xinxin first studied He Zhenghao carefully, confirming that this man was indeed her father, and a look of surprise flashed across her face.

Then, noticing how busy he appeared at the center of the crowd, her face showed a trace of astonishment.

After all, she was young and couldn’t hide her emotions well.

He Zhenghao noticed all the expressions on his daughter’s face and couldn’t help feeling a bit proud.

“Ahem…”

He cleared his throat, putting on a stern face, and reprimanded, “I’ve told you all—I’m handling urgent matters right now! Here’s what we’ll do: come back tomorrow, and I’ll make sure everything is properly taken care of!”

The cultivators around He Zhenghao exchanged glances and nodded in agreement before scattering and disappearing in no time.

Li Fan found the scene amusing. This group was clearly invited by He Zhenghao to help him put on an act, just to impress his daughter.

“What a little scheme…”

Li Fan continued observing from the shadows.

Meeting his daughter for the first time, He Zhenghao seemed somewhat nervous. He stared at He Xinxin for a long time before murmuring, “She looks like me… truly like me…”

He Xinxin timidly looked back at He Zhenghao. When their gazes met, she quickly averted her eyes in a fluster.

After a long silence, He Xinxin finally mustered up the courage and softly called out, “Fa…ther…”

He Zhenghao’s eyes instantly filled with tears.

However, he quickly suppressed his emotions and stepped forward hastily, holding He Xinxin’s small hands.

“Ah…”

“Let me take a good look at you…”

He Zhenghao seemed to be in a dream.

“I never imagined that I’d have a daughter…”

He Xinxin’s eyes reddened as well, and she began to sob softly.

A reunion between a father and daughter who had been separated for many years was naturally a touching and emotional scene.

After a long time, their emotions finally calmed down.

He Xinxin said, “I wanted to come find you a few years ago, but Mother suddenly appeared and stopped me.”

“She wouldn’t let me come no matter what, so it was delayed.”

He Xinxin pouted, looking quite upset.

Hearing this, He Zhenghao’s expression grew somber.

“It’s my fault. It’s only natural that your mother wouldn’t want you to see me. Don’t blame her.”

As he spoke, He Zhenghao hesitated for a moment. “But why did your mother suddenly let you come now?”

“Has she forgiven me? Has she changed her mind?”

He Zhenghao was overjoyed.

He Xinxin’s face turned slightly red, and she tugged at He Zhenghao’s clothes, shaking her head slightly.

“No, Father. Mother doesn’t know. I succeeded in establishing my foundation and sneaked over here without telling her.”

He Xinxin stuck out her tongue, looking a little embarrassed.

He Zhenghao’s body stiffened slightly, and his expression became a bit awkward.

Seeing this, He Xinxin quickly changed the subject.

“Father, you don’t know, but I came here at the risk of being scolded because I have something very important to warn you about.”

He Xinxin’s face turned serious.

“What important matter?” He Zhenghao, though somewhat dismissive, still tilted his head to listen, noticing her solemn demeanor.

He Xinxin lowered her voice and said, “When I broke through, I had a premonition that your life is in danger, Father.”

“That’s why I traveled all this way to find you.”

“I’ve discovered that the danger comes from this Congyun Sea. Father, come back with me. As long as you leave this place and return to Tianyu Prefecture, you’ll be safe.”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 633


“Danger?” He Zhenghao was slightly stunned.

Then, he dismissed the idea with a smile and said, “Xin Xin, you’re overthinking this! Your father now oversees the administration of the Congyun Sea and stays in the Bureau Hall all day, without venturing out. How could there be any danger?”

“It’s true!” Seeing her father’s disbelief, He Xinxin stomped her foot in frustration.

She leaned closer and whispered, “Father, you don’t know. My Foundation Establishment treasure is an innate companion artifact called the Dao Pattern Compass. The cultivation technique I practice was custom-made by Mother for me, known as [Heavenly Dao Net]...”

After listening to his daughter’s explanation, He Zhenghao was slightly tongue-tied.

He had thought that by following the secret envoy, he had done well for himself, earning enough contribution points to barely count as a prominent figure.

Yet, compared to the deep-rooted heritage of cultivation families like the Heng clan in Tianyu Prefecture, he realized there was still a vast gap.

At the very least, the concept of a custom-tailored cultivation technique was something far beyond his current capability.

This realization left He Zhenghao with a bitter feeling in his heart.

“There is indeed a real danger, Father. You should leave with me,” He Xinxin urged, running another deduction in front of him, which yielded the same unsettling result. She couldn’t help but try to persuade him again.Looking at her serious demeanor, He Zhenghao began to feel doubtful.

“It’s impossible. How could there be a life-threatening crisis in Congyun City? I’ve been upright and honest lately, not doing anything to provoke the secret envoy’s wrath.”

Pondering over it carefully, He Zhenghao’s brow furrowed tightly.

“Could it be that the Five Elders Association is up to their old tricks, planning another surprise attack on Congyun Immortal City?” Suddenly, He Zhenghao recalled past events in the Congyun Sea and was startled.

“That can’t be… Didn’t we just host a friendly exchange meeting recently?” His expression grew uncertain.

Pacing back and forth in the room, his face betrayed his growing anxiety.

He Xinxin, seeing her father’s indecision, couldn’t help but feel both worried and frustrated.

Moreover, He Zhenghao’s reaction fell far short of her expectations. She had thought he would immediately follow her back to Tianyu Prefecture after hearing the deduction results. Disappointed, she began to feel a bit resentful of his lack of trust. ℞äΝȯ𝔟Еš

Unaware of his daughter’s emotional turmoil, He Zhenghao continued to hesitate.

It wasn’t that he didn’t believe her. As someone who had personally witnessed the power and influence of the Heng clan in Tianyu Prefecture, he understood their capability all too well. The [Heavenly Dao Net] his daughter practiced did not appear to be ordinary.

But He Zhenghao had risen from a destitute and marginalized guardian of an island to become a key figure in the Congyun Sea, with countless cultivators eager to curry favor with him.

This hard-earned status was not something he could abandon easily, not even for his daughter’s warning.

Furthermore, his roots were firmly planted in the Congyun Sea. Without the connections he had painstakingly built here, he would be reduced to nothing.

Even if he returned to Tianyu Prefecture, what would he become?

A Golden Core cultivator too insignificant to even qualify as a guard for the Heng family.

What face would he have to meet Heng Ruoshui again?

…

Gradually, He Zhenghao made up his mind.

With a sly glint in his eye, an idea came to him. Smiling, he said, “Xin Xin…”

He Xinxin glared at him, puffing her cheeks in anger.

He Zhenghao, slightly embarrassed, straightened his expression and said, “I know you care about me and that your cultivation technique is extraordinary. But the world is unpredictable, and the art of deduction is, after all, just that—deduction.”

“It only reveals one of many possible outcomes for the future. As for whether it will actually happen…”

“Even a Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign wouldn’t dare guarantee it, would they?”

He Xinxin, unconvinced, pursed her lips but couldn’t find a rebuttal.

At this moment, He Zhenghao spoke again, "Moreover, speaking of the art of deduction, my direct superior—Secret Envoy of the Congyun Sea and a cultivator of the Ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect, Master Li Fan—he's far superior to you!"

"That's truly world-shaking and awe-inspiring! I'm a trusted confidant of Lord Secret Envoy. If there really were any danger, how could he not warn me?"

Hearing this, He Xinxin's eyes widened in surprise. "Li Fan of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect?"

She had heard of the name Li Fan before. He had accurately predicted several major events that were about to occur in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, something she herself could not achieve.

Could it be that she had indeed made a miscalculation? For a moment, He Xinxin hesitated, feeling unsure.

Seeing the effect of his words, He Zhenghao immediately pressed his advantage.

"If you're still worried, I'll ask secret envoy myself in your presence."

As he spoke, He Zhenghao took out a shard of a jade slip left by Li Fan and began summoning.

In no time, Li Fan's projection appeared in midair in the room.

"What is it?" Li Fan asked indifferently, his expression emotionless.

At the same time, his gaze casually swept over to He Xinxin.

The young girl showed no fear, meeting Li Fan's eyes directly.

In contrast, He Zhenghao lowered his head nervously, recounting the situation in a submissive manner.

"Dare I ask, Master, will there be any upheaval in the Congyun Sea soon?" After explaining, he looked at Li Fan with hopeful anticipation.

A silence fell over the room.

On the projection, the Heaven and Earth Divination Dice seemed to spin unceasingly in Li Fan's palm.

"Dao Pattern Compass? As expected, the Heng family of Tianyu lives up to its reputation."

"Your daughter possesses such exceptional talent that her future achievements will certainly not be beneath mine."

After a brief pause, Li Fan did not directly answer He Zhenghao's question but instead looked at He Xinxin and praised her.

He Zhenghao was stunned. He had not expected lord secret envoy to discern his daughter's abilities with just one glance.

He Xinxin, too, was astonished, her mouth slightly agape.

"You flatter me, Lord," He Zhenghao replied hurriedly.

"Such promising youth," Li Fan shook his head, seeming to recall something with a hint of nostalgia.

Then, he pointed a finger toward He Xinxin's forehead.

"Lord!" He Zhenghao's expression changed slightly, but he quickly realized Li Fan bore no malice and was merely imparting knowledge to his daughter. This calmed him.

Soon, golden light dissipated, and He Xinxin regained her composure.

She began examining the newfound knowledge in her mind.

Taiwei Celestial Calculations, Thousand Mechanisms Hidden Records,Theories of Qi Mechanism Circulation...

These were works of the Ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect?

Moreover, they were versions she had never encountered before.

Her eyes lit up, and she was overjoyed.

With a radiant smile, she bowed and said softly, "Thank you, Senior."

"No need to be so formal. It's rare to find a suitable candidate. Besides, these are not particularly valuable," Li Fan replied with a wave of his hand.

Then, he turned his gaze to He Zhenghao.

He Zhenghao felt his heart skip a beat.

"Will there be upheaval in the Congyun Sea?" Li Fan chuckled lightly.

"If I'm not leaving, what are you so afraid of, He Zhenghao?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 634


"You, what are you so afraid of?"

These words struck like a dagger to the heart. Hearing them, He Zhenghao broke out into a cold sweat on the spot.

"I swear I have no ulterior motives. Please, my lord, discern my sincerity!" He immediately voiced his loyalty.

"Think carefully and act wisely," Li Fan snorted coldly. Then his illusory figure shattered and disappeared without a trace.

It was only after a long while that He Zhenghao dared to straighten his bent posture.

Wiping the sweat from his forehead, he exhaled deeply. Suddenly realizing his daughter was nearby, he coughed lightly and quickly composed himself.

Fortunately, He Xinxin hadn't noticed her father’s awkwardness. She clapped her small hands on her chest and exclaimed, "Senior Li is truly awe-inspiring! He's almost on par with those Dao Integration Immortal Sages we've seen before. He really scared me."

"Hmph, that's only natural. The honored secret envoy might even be a Long..." He Zhenghao stopped himself abruptly, realizing his words might be inappropriate.

Luckily, his daughter hadn’t caught on to his implication. He quickly changed the topic.

"What did he mean by what he just said?""He didn’t outright deny Xinxin’s deduction. He merely said he wouldn’t leave..."

Moments later, a trace of alarm flashed through He Zhenghao’s eyes.

"Could it be that something truly shocking will happen in the Congyun Sea?"

He fell into deep thought for a while.

Meanwhile, in the depths of the Administrative Hall, Li Fan, who had been observing He Zhenghao’s every expression, remained indifferent.

"Abandon power and flee for your life, or cling to it with a gambler's hope and refuse to leave..."

"He Zhenghao, what will you choose?"

Based on Li Fan’s understanding of He Zhenghao, the latter would undoubtedly choose to stay in the Congyun Sea. Even so, Li Fan hoped this version of He Zhenghao might surprise him.

Shifting his focus away from He Zhenghao, Li Fan used the Envoy Token to summon various internal members of the Congyun Sea’s administration.

"Lord secret envoy hasn’t summoned us in ages. I wonder what the urgency is?"

"It’s strange. I haven’t heard of any critical missions lately."

As the crowd discussed, He Zhenghao remained caught in inner turmoil, his expression distracted.

Gao Yuan noticed this, his eyes revealing a thoughtful look. However, he refrained from asking immediately and instead made a mental note of it.

Before long, once everyone had gathered, Li Fan appeared leisurely.

"Greetings, Lord Secret Envoy!" the crowd greeted in unison.

"There's no need for formalities. Please, take your seats," Li Fan said warmly.

"I called you here today not for any pressing matters. As you know, while I hold the title of Secret Envoy of Congyun Immortal City, I have rarely interfered in administrative affairs. Yet, the governance of the Congyun Sea has never faltered. In fact, its overall ranking among the regions has even improved in recent years, and this is all thanks to your hard work." 𝘙АΝǑ฿Ё𝐬

Li Fan paused, scanning the expressions of those present, before continuing:

"As the saying goes, ‘one good turn deserves another.’ Recently, I divined a new opportunity and decided to share it with you all."

The cultivators in the hall perked up at these words, their eyes lighting up.

Who was Li Fan? A figure who wouldn’t bat an eye at contributions in the tens of millions! If he spoke of an opportunity, it was bound to be extraordinary. The group eagerly looked at him with anticipation.

"I have deduced that, in the near future, a hidden cave abode will rise from the depths of the Congyun Sea. The opportunity lies within that abode!" Li Fan announced solemnly.

As soon as the words left his mouth, the cultivators began to stir restlessly.

"Of course, opportunities always coexist with danger. Whether you choose to pursue them or not is entirely up to you." Li Fan said these final words indifferently, his expression ambiguous, before disappearing from everyone's sight.

Once they confirmed that Li Fan had left, the hall immediately erupted into an uproar.

"What exactly does Lord Envoy mean by this? Calling us all here from so far away, only to say something so simple?"

"Strange! Truly strange!"

"An underwater cave residence—could it be the ruins of an ancient sect? Hmm, for something to be called an opportunity by the lord and warrant such a commotion, it must be extraordinary!"

…

The crowd's faces were filled with excitement as they buzzed with discussion.

He Zhenghao, however, was filled with doubts and confusion.

"Friend He, do you perhaps know some inside information?"

At that moment, he suddenly heard Gao Yuan's voice transmitted directly to him.

After a moment's hesitation, He Zhenghao decided to briefly explain the recent events to Gao Yuan, hoping to hear his thoughts.

"Something is about to happen in the Congyun Sea?" Gao Yuan was initially startled but maintained his composure.

"But the lord said he wouldn’t leave. After questioning your intentions, he then announced the opportunity of the cave residence..."

Gao Yuan’s mind raced as he quickly analyzed the situation.

Before long, a realization struck him.

"So that's it!"

"Brother Gao, enlighten me!" He Zhenghao, feeling as though he’d found a savior, eagerly pressed for an explanation.

"The lord is using this matter of the cave residence to give us a hint. If something is happening in the Congyun Sea, yet the lord himself is unwilling to leave, why is that?"

"Because opportunity and danger go hand in hand!" Gao Yuan said excitedly. "Given the resources the lord has at his disposal, for him to value this opportunity so much..."

"It must be something that could lead to transcendence..."

"The Spirit of Heaven and Earth?"

He Zhenghao exchanged a glance with Gao Yuan, and both arrived at the same conclusion.

"So that's how it is..." He Zhenghao murmured to himself as if everything suddenly made sense.

"The lord fell from the Longevity Immortal Realm and wants to reattain it. He will likely have to follow the steps of the new method. For him, this is undoubtedly a critical opportunity for integration. I’ve heard that when the Spirit of Heaven and Earth descends, it always stirs up chaos and bloodshed. At that time, not just us Golden Core cultivators but even Nascent Soul and Soul Transformation cultivators might not escape unscathed."

"The descent of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth cannot be spoken of directly. Any disclosure might trigger changes due to the sensitivity of destiny. As loyal subordinates of the lord, he cannot bear to see us perish meaninglessly in the calamity. Thus, he chose an indirect method to alert us."

…

He Zhenghao suddenly understood.

While his heart was filled with excitement, a certain inappropriate emotion began to stir within him.

"The Spirit of Heaven and Earth..."

He Zhenghao squinted his eyes.

"So, Brother Gao, what do you plan to do?" After some time, he looked at Gao Yuan, whose expression was also shifting unpredictably, and asked.

"Friend He, have you ever heard of this saying?" Gao Yuan looked at He Zhenghao.

"What is it?"

"There is no greater merit than following the dragon," Gao Yuan said in a faint tone.

"If the lord successfully integrates with the Dao, then we, his steadfast and loyal subordinates..."

Hearing this, He Zhenghao suddenly felt a fire of ambition ignite within him.

Even deeper in his mind, a thought he dared not voice began to take form.

The Spirit of Heaven and Earth belongs to those with virtue.

If the lord envoy fails to claim the Spirit of Heaven and Earth, then perhaps, just perhaps, there might be the slightest chance for him...

After all, history in the Xuanhuang Realm has recorded instances of such occurrences.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 635


At this moment, He Zhenghao had already cast aside his daughter's warning.

In his mind, even if the process of refining the Spirit of Heaven and Earth was extremely dangerous, he was not a reckless person. He would act according to the situation—if it truly became impossible, he would not throw his life away in vain. Taking some risks to gamble on an opportunity to ascend in one leap—why not?

However, He Zhenghao could never have imagined that the true Spirit of Heaven and Earth was on an entirely different level from what he had envisioned.

Ultimately, it was a matter of his limited perspective. Despite his broad travels and wide social connections, He Zhenghao was only at the Golden Core stage. He had never personally seen, nor even found records in ancient texts, detailing the true power of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth.

He merely knew of its existence.

It was like a farmer imagining the emperor's golden plow—far from reality. This, too, seemed to seal He Zhenghao’s tragic fate in this lifetime.

...

Meanwhile, while the gathered cultivators were still in the Administrative Hall discussing Li Fan’s prophecy regarding the underwater ascension of a hidden cave,

Li Fan himself had quietly arrived at the cave’s location.

Over a mere few hundred miles, the seabed formed three major fault steps, resembling steep terraces. Each step had a height difference of four to five thousand meters. Due to intense earth vein activity, towering mountain ranges had risen from the seabed, creating a spectacular and breathtaking scene—more magnificent than even the mountains on land.This was the very place where, in his previous life, He Zhenghao had formed his Golden Core: the Three Undersea Faults.

"In my past life, He Zhenghao, though somewhat unremarkable, never lost his drive for progress. The day he obtained the Hidden Dragon Art of Rivers and Mountains, he soared like a dragon from the abyss and rose powerfully. By comprehending the Golden Core through four laws, his future was boundless."

"But in this life, despite wielding far greater power and practicing a Dao Integration cultivation technique, he has been lax in his cultivation, forming his Golden Core with only a single law."

"I gave you the opportunity, but you failed to make use of it."

Li Fan felt a slight sense of regret in his heart.

Shaking his head slightly, he focused on the matter at hand.

Sweeping his divine sense across the mountainous faults below, his eyes narrowed slightly.

"Chaoyuan Sect..."

What he had said earlier in the Administrative Hall was no empty talk. Though the Chaoyuan Sect was shrouded in mystery and filled with dangers, in his previous life, after Shuofeng, Su Xiaomei, and the others entered, they all returned safely—and each had ascended an entire cultivation realm.

Setting aside the unexpected variable of He Zhenghao’s Foundation Establishment in the previous life, this ancient ruin was originally supposed to leave the Congyun Sea in the year 22 of anchoring and travel toward Jiushan State Prefecture.

Thus, at this moment, it remained silently hidden beneath the faults.

Having fully inherited the memories of Dugu Chang of the Medicine King Sect, Li Fan searched for traces of the Chaoyuan Sect within those memories but found nothing.

Not only that, but even the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace, which claimed dominance over Congyun Sea, was similarly absent.

Neither sect could be found.

"Strange... Whether it is the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace or the Chaoyuan Sect, the records in the Tianxuan Mirror indicate that they were renowned sects of ancient times. Although they couldn't compare to the Ten Great Immortal Sects, they were definitely stronger than the Medicine King Sect."

"So why do none of the Medicine King Sect's disciples have any knowledge of them?"

"Could it be that they existed in entirely different time periods? Did the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace emerge more recently?"

Li Fan pondered for a moment but could not find an answer. Instead, the many clues seemed contradictory, revealing numerous inconsistencies.

Temporarily setting aside his doubts, he turned his gaze toward the seabed below and activated the newly mastered divine ability—Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword.

In the next instant, countless sword lights appeared amid the continuous undersea mountain ranges.

Illuminating the dark seabed, they sent thunderous roars echoing in all directions.

As the mountains crumbled, massive fissures split open across the ocean floor.

As if torn apart by countless sword lights in an instant, the vast underwater wonderland, stretching for hundreds of miles, completely collapsed and disappeared the moment Li Fan willed it.

Amid this catastrophe, Li Fan finally discovered traces of the hidden Chaoyuan Sect.

There was no obstruction—he simply watched as the ruins of ancient structures rose from the depths, breaking through the water’s surface.

Smaller and smaller it became, until it finally took the form of a cave dwelling, drifting toward Jiushan Prefecture.

After reaching the Nascent Soul stage, Li Fan's spiritual perception had become increasingly acute. The moment he directly faced the Chaoyuan Sect ruins, he even felt a faint sense of mortal danger.

"Opportunities in this world are endless. There's no need to take this risk. Let others explore it first, and once the mysteries within are fully understood, I’ll reconsider."

Watching the Chaoyuan Sect relics disappear into the distance, Li Fan thought to himself.

Though Li Fan himself remained indifferent, the emergence of the Chaoyuan Sect ruins caused an uproar among the cultivators.

Moments ago, he had just informed everyone that a mysterious underwater cave dwelling had appeared. Many cultivators hadn't even left the Administrative Hall yet when the relics surfaced.

What a coincidence!

Some cultivators even suspected that the cave dwelling was a fabrication by Li Fan—an elaborate ploy to once again showcase his unfathomable prophetic abilities.

However, this theory was quickly dismissed. The reason was simple—the ancient and solemn aura radiating from the Chaoyuan Sect ruins was impossible to fake.

Furthermore, due to the immense attention the relics attracted, cultivators working together soon identified the origins of the Grand Hall of Taiyuan within the ruins.

The Ancient Immortal Sect—Chaoyuan Sect!

A seasoned Soul Transformation cultivator, well-versed in the history of ancient cultivation, personally vouched for its authenticity, solidifying the relics as genuine.

As a result, cultivators from across Congyun Sea and even throughout the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance were drawn in by the allure of this so-called "fortuitous encounter," pursuing the ruins on their journey.

Among them was someone Li Fan hadn’t expected.

Inside the Administrative Hall

"You're going too? No matter how great the Chaoyuan Sect’s opportunity is, it still can’t compare to… Or are you just going to observe for a while and then return?"

Facing Gao Yuan's farewell, He Zhenghao was completely taken aback.

"Heh. After returning, I kept feeling like something was off. I pondered for three days and nights before I finally figured it out," Gao Yuan said with some emotion.

"To forge iron, one must be strong themselves. No matter how favored I am by my lord, my cultivation is still only at the Golden Core stage. Here in Congyun Sea, I might still hold some authority. But if my lord truly succeeds in his Dao Integration breakthrough, his subordinates will inevitably be filled with Soul Transformation and Nascent Soul cultivators. How could I possibly command respect? To better follow in my lord’s footsteps, I, Gao Yuan, must fight for my own strength!"

He Zhenghao, however, was not convinced by these righteous words. He scrutinized Gao Yuan with a skeptical gaze.

"Don't look at me like that," Gao Yuan chuckled. "I'm not lying to you this time. I’ve already applied for leave from my lord and will be departing immediately."

"What about you, Daoist He?" Gao Yuan gave He Zhenghao a meaningful look.

He Zhenghao hesitated for a moment but ultimately declined the invitation, citing the need for someone to maintain and oversee the affairs of Congyun Sea.

Seeing this, Gao Yuan said no more. He cupped his hands in farewell and swiftly departed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 636


Before his departure, Gao Yuan entrusted He Zhenghao with the task of "clearing the identities of the ancient secret realm cultivators."

As a gesture of sincerity, "Zhou Qingang" once again provided a considerable benefit.

Being old colleagues, He Zhenghao readily agreed. Along the way, he also inquired whether Zhou Qingang had any plans to leave Congyun Sea.

Zhou Qingang laughed heartily and assured him that he had no such intentions.

Hearing this, He Zhenghao was immediately relieved. Even someone as trusted as Zhou Qingang, a close confidant of the secret envoy, had no plans to flee, which meant that although the descent of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth carried some risks, it was unlikely to be catastrophic.

Feeling even more certain about his choice, he dismissed his worries and focused on handling the matter of "integrating secret realm cultivators into the alliance."

To him, this was no different from his time guarding Liuli Island, where he helped mortals from outside the realm smuggle across borders.

It was simply a matter of charging per head, something he was quite adept at.

Moreover, he was far bolder than Gao Yuan and had no fear of being discovered by the Immortal Alliance.

As a result, the integration and identity-cleansing of the Medicine King Sect cultivators progressed at an even faster pace.One after another, cultivators were awakened through bloodline rituals and joined the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, with their contributions being discreetly transferred to Li Fan.

Yet even so, compared to the hundreds of millions of contribution points Li Fan needed to transfer, it was merely a drop in the ocean.

To complete the transfer before the Crimson Flame descended, Li Fan secretly exchanged and purchased standardized spirit stones from other cultivators.

At the same time, he once again reached out to the Five Elders Association.

As before, contact was made through Zhou Qingang. However, this time, the other party acted much faster than before.

Before long, Zhou Qingang once again met with the representative of the Five Elders Association.

The familiar black-robed figure concealed their appearance, yet they clearly remembered the contents of the last transaction.

Without preamble, they asked, "Do you have the results from our previous matter?"

Zhou Qingang smiled faintly. "It seems this matter is truly important to you. Even after so long, you still can’t let it go."

The previous matter, of course, referred to the Five Elders Association’s request for Zhou Qingang to investigate the identity of an ancient cultivator excavated from the ruins of the Purple Heaven Sect.

Li Fan had already extracted the information from Jiao Xiuyuan and intended to use it as leverage in this deal.

The Five Elders Association cultivator replied frankly, "Although we are currently in a ceasefire, everyone knows that peace is destined to be temporary. No one can predict when war will break out again. Moreover, this is only a broad-scale truce—there are still regions where the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and our forces remain in direct confrontation."

"As for the [Xuantian Nether-Locking Formation] of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, we have only found ways to counterbalance it, but to completely dismantle its effects, we need more intelligence."

Zhou Qingang's gaze flickered slightly, but he did not reveal any emotion. Instead, he nodded.

"I have confirmed the identity of the ancient cultivator in question. Now, what price is the Five Elders Association willing to pay for this information?" he said with a subtle smile.

"Is that true?" The Five Elders Association cultivator seemed genuinely shocked, abruptly standing up and staring intently at Zhou Qingang.

Zhou Qingang nodded proudly.

"Good, good!" The other party repeated several times, visibly excited. "Your Heaven-Suppressing Society's methods are truly extraordinary!"

"Wait here a moment—I must report this immediately!"

The black-robed cultivator turned away, falling into silence.

Zhou Qingang observed carefully, but he couldn't discern how the other party was contacting the higher-ups of the Five Elders Association. As expected from the intelligence division of the association, they were not to be underestimated.

Before long, the Five Elders Association cultivator turned back around.

This time, with an air of confidence, Zhou Qingang began negotiating terms.

“The last batch of [True Temptation Fruits] and [Human Dao Stardust] were extremely effective. I’ll need more of them…”

After a round of bargaining, both parties settled on a mutually agreeable price and finalized the transaction.

“The matter is urgent—the sooner we complete the trade, the better,” Zhou Qingang said with implicit meaning.

The cultivator from the Five Elders Association gave Zhou Qingang a long look before nodding in understanding.

“Oh, there’s one more thing.”

Just as the contract was about to be fully signed, Zhou Qingang suddenly asked, “I have some contribution points with a rather complicated origin. I need them converted into standardized spirit stones with a clean and untraceable source. Can you help me with that as well?”

The Five Elders Association cultivator was momentarily stunned, initially thinking Zhou Qingang was backing out. But after hearing the request, he chuckled nonchalantly and said, “A trivial matter. No problem.”

“How much do you need?” he asked.

“Not much, just two to three billion,” Zhou Qingang replied casually.

The Five Elders Association cultivator instantly turned to stone.

“H-How much?” For a moment, he wondered if he had misheard.

Zhou Qingang repeated himself.

“This… Fellow Daoist, please wait a moment. I’ll need to seek approval,” the cultivator wiped the cold sweat off his forehead, his voice trembling slightly.

Zhou Qingang waved his hand dismissively, signaling him to hurry up.

This round of approval took much longer than before. By the time the black-clad cultivator returned, he looked utterly drained.

“Uh… the higher-ups have agreed to your request. However…”

He hesitated before continuing, “The resource list we discussed earlier may need some adjustments.”

“Hm?” Zhou Qingang’s expression darkened with dissatisfaction as he turned to leave.

“Wait! Wait!” The black-clad cultivator hurriedly stepped forward to stop him.

“Everything is negotiable! But, Fellow Daoist, the sheer amount of standardized spirit stones you need is simply too vast. And making it completely undetectable by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is even more difficult!” he explained anxiously.

“If it weren’t difficult, why would I come to you? I could have handled it myself,” Zhou Qingang scoffed coldly.

The Five Elders Association cultivator nodded repeatedly, not daring to argue.

After further negotiations, they eventually reached an agreement.

As a golden light shot into Zhou Qingang’s body, the black-clad spy slowly dissolved within the radiance, disappearing completely.

Yet, there wasn’t a single trace of fear or panic on his face.

Before vanishing, he only reminded Zhou Qingang of the time and place for their next transaction.

Once the spy had completely disappeared, Zhou Qingang carefully examined the area, then shook his head slightly.

“Binding one's life to a contract, without fear of death… Truly an eerie method.”

With that, he erased all traces of the exchange and quietly departed.

Ten days later, Zhou Qingang met another black-clad spy with an eerily similar aura—yet it was clearly not the same person.

Just like before, the new spy handed him a [Voidbright Stone Mother], containing all the requested materials.[1]

After a brief inspection, Li Fan revealed the identity of an ancient cultivator who had been unearthed.

“The Xuantian Sect’s Dharma King?”

Upon hearing this, the spy was visibly shocked.

However, he seemed to have expected such a possibility, as he quickly regained his composure.

1. Previously it was called [Primordial Void Stone Mother] but decided to change it to [Voidbright Stone Mother].

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 637


"So, remnants of the former Xuantian Sect still survive in this world. The one who fled to the Purple Heaven Sect... who exactly is it?" A cultivator from the Five Elders Association murmured to himself in a low voice.

As he spoke, his gaze shifted toward Zhou Qingang.

"Confirming this matter is of great importance to our Five Elders Association. Although this is merely a transaction, we still owe you our gratitude, Daoist friend. As for the contribution points that need to be laundered..."

He paused briefly before continuing, "Within a month, more than ten cultivators with different identities will personally bring secure, standardized spirit stones to you. All you need to do is transfer the contribution points to them."

Sensing that Zhou Qingang might have concerns, he added, "These cultivators all use false identities that our Five Elders Association has carefully crafted over the years. Shortly after the transaction is completed, they will all perish due to various 'accidents.' There will be no risk of being traced or exposed."

With the secret phrases for their rendezvous carefully explained, the transaction between the two parties was essentially complete.

"I look forward to our future cooperation." As they parted ways, the black-robed cultivator from the Five Elders Association said to Zhou Qingang in a slow, deliberate tone.

"Likewise." Zhou Qingang cupped his hands and replied with a smile before turning and leaving.

It wasn't until Zhou Qingang’s figure disappeared beyond the horizon that the cultivator from the Five Elders Association furrowed his brows and muttered, "Zhou Qing’ang… Li Fan…"

"What are their true identities? We've investigated for so long and still haven't found a single useful clue.""Does the Heaven-Suppressing Society truly exist? Or is it just a fabrication by certain cultivators within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, using the intelligence they possess as leverage to exchange for resources?"

After pondering for a while, he chuckled in amusement.

"Either way, as long as they provide us with intelligence, it’s enough. The more chaos within the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, the better!"

The figure of the Five Elders Association cultivator gradually faded until he completely disappeared into the air.

Meanwhile, Zhou Qingang, having completed the transaction, returned to Congyun Immortal City as if nothing had happened.

Spending such a vast amount of contribution points, he had already prepared for the possibility of his information being exposed. But it didn’t matter—at most, the Five Elders Association might deduce that "Li Fan, the cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect," was also a member of the Heaven-Suppressing Society. They might even suspect that his identity as an ancient cultivator was merely a disguise.

But as for Li Fan’s true identity? They would never be able to guess it.

After all, who would have thought that the cultivator making waves in the Xuanhuang Realm was, in reality, just a mere "mortal" from a small outer world?

Before long, all truths would be buried beneath the catastrophe of world destruction. Even if someone wanted to investigate, there would be no way to do so.

The river of time surged forward, and everything proceeded steadily, step by step.

The number of revived cultivators from the Medicine King Sect had now reached 346, including Liu San.

Although the vast majority were at the Foundation Establishment and Golden Core stages, with only five at the Nascent Soul stage, when united, they still formed a formidable force.

More importantly, as time passed, the effects of the Bloodline Transmission Ritual became increasingly apparent. Their reverence for Li Fan grew stronger by the day.

Moreover, Li Fan constantly reinforced their beliefs through indoctrination, repeatedly emphasizing the goal of "reviving the Medicine King Sect." Gradually, their gazes toward him began to reveal a near-fanatical devotion.

Li Fan was convinced that soon, even if he ordered them to sacrifice their lives for the Medicine King Sect, they would do so without hesitation.

"The Bloodline Transmission Ritual is truly extraordinary." Li Fan was extremely satisfied with the effects of this divine technique.

Of course, its remarkable effectiveness was largely built upon his absolute dominance in strength.

When he had attempted to use the ritual on a Soul Transformation cultivator, it had completely failed. Even among the five Nascent Soul cultivators, converting them had been extremely difficult. It was only with Liu San’s assistance that the process had barely succeeded.

Now that he had enough manpower, Li Fan gradually ceased the revival of further Medicine King Sect cultivators.

Li Fan knew that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance monitored the number of cultivators in each state. The sudden increase of more than 300 cultivators was still within a reasonable range, given the vast population of cultivators in Congyun Sea. However, any further increase might arouse suspicion and lead to an investigation, so he decided to hold off for now.

After inquiring with Liu San about the detailed information regarding the still-slumbering Dao Integration elder, Li Fan used the second True Temptation Fruit.

He awakened a Dao Integration cultivator named Fang Zaiji.

This man was an elder of the Medicine King Sect, specializing in artifact refinement. The Small Medicine King Cauldrons used by the disciples were crafted by him.

However, Fang Zaiji was not originally a cultivator of the Medicine King Sect. Years ago, while being pursued and near death, he was saved by Liu Ruchen. To repay this kindness and to escape from his enemies, he chose to remain in the Medicine King Sect as a Guest Elder.

Fang Zaiji had little emotional attachment to the Medicine King Sect, but he was deeply interested in the refinement method of the sect’s treasured divine artifact, the "Medicine King True Cauldron".

Back then, Liu Ruchen had promised to lend him the Medicine King True Cauldron for research, which convinced him to stay.

Li Fan used the True Temptation Fruit to alter Fang Zaiji’s perception.

Now, in Fang Zaiji’s revised memories, his time in the Medicine King Sect was mostly distant from the other disciples.

Only Liu Yihang—who was actually Li Fan—constantly pestered him every day. He had practically watched Li Fan grow up and had already come to regard him as half a son.

Along with absolute trust in Li Fan’s commands, when the effects of the True Temptation Fruit faded and Fang Zaiji awoke—

After listening to Li Fan’s explanation, he quickly understood the current situation.

"It seems that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is even more sinister than the Ten Great Immortal Sects of back then," Fang Zaiji muttered, his eyes darkening.

"Sect Master, you should have awakened me earlier," he said with a trace of reproach in his tone.

Li Fan shook his head slightly and explained, "At the time, I wanted to secure Longevity Valley as a foothold first, so I awakened Elder Liu first."

"When I considered awakening you next, I learned that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was monitoring the number of cultivators in each state. At the time, I wasn’t sure what was going on, so I held off for safety reasons. Now that I understand the situation, it seems to be related to the new cultivation method of today’s cultivators. However, you remain unaffected, so I decided to awaken you."

Fang Zaiji nodded slightly, accepting Li Fan’s explanation.

"The monitoring of cultivator numbers might be connected to the Immortal Ruins," he said after a moment, as if recalling something.

"Oh?" Li Fan looked at him curiously.

"During my travels in the past, I once heard by chance that the Ten Great Immortal Sects had deployed a formation covering the entire Xuanhuang Realm," Fang Zaiji said, lost in thought.

"A formation like a blade hanging over all living beings. From the moment they are born, regardless of their cultivation level or race, they are all caught within it."

"This formation not only allows the sects to easily control all cultivators in the world but also gathers the power of all living beings to pierce through the endless void, locking onto the coordinates of other cultivation worlds. It can even establish cross-realm pathways to launch invasions."

Fang Zaiji slowly recounted.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 638


At this moment, Liu San interjected.

"Really? Such a formidable formation—why have I never heard of it?" He scrutinized Fang Zaiji, his gaze full of skepticism.

Fang Zaiji snorted coldly. "You're just a mere servant, never having ventured far beyond the territory of the Medicine King Sect in your entire life. How could you possibly compare to someone like me, who has traveled across the world?"

"Besides, do you even know the kinds of people I associated with back in the day? Almost all of them were true disciples of the Ten Great Immortal Sects. It’s no surprise that I learned such secrets," Fang Zaiji said proudly.

Being called a servant, Liu San didn’t get angry. Instead, he retorted sarcastically, "Oh? If you're so incredible, then why didn’t anyone come to your aid when you were being hunted down? You only survived thanks to the old sect master!"

Fang Zaiji’s expression changed, and he retorted indignantly, "The Heavenly Sword Sect had issued a kill order—what could I do against that? The fact that I survived at all was already a stroke of great fortune. If it had been you, you’d have long since turned into a pile of bones!"

Seeing that the argument was about to escalate, Li Fan quickly spoke up to interrupt them.

"Master Fang, do you know the name of that formation?" Li Fan asked.

"I do not," Fang Zaiji shook his head. "Back then, a direct disciple of the Supreme Sect mentioned it in passing with a sigh."[1]

"He also said that if the grand formation hadn’t been damaged, the situation wouldn’t have deteriorated to this extent."Hearing this, Li Fan slowly nodded.

"A blade hanging over all beings, capable of instantly stripping cultivators of their lives—this sounds strikingly similar to the [Tianxuan Spirit-Locking Formation] I encountered in my past life."

"By harnessing the power of all living beings, it locks onto other cultivation realms. My previous speculation that the Xuanhuang Realm uses it to anchor a ‘rope’ into the distant void now seems to be correct."

"From what I can tell, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance seems to have restored part of the formation's functionality, but not entirely. And this formation was definitely not constructed by the Ten Great Immortal Sects—it originates from the much older era of the Xuantian Sect."

As he pondered, Li Fan gradually connected all the clues together.

Now, with the aid of a Dao Integration cultivator, he proceeded with the relocation plan.

The people stranded on the island, including the now-awakened Medicine King Sect cultivators, were escorted by Liu San and Fang Zaiji aboard the Samantabhadra True Boat, setting off toward Longevity Valley ahead of him.

"I still have some unfinished business in Congyun Sea—I’ll catch up later," Li Fan told them.

Although Liu San and Fang Zaiji were a little worried, they had no choice but to respect Li Fan’s decision.

After repeatedly cautioning him, they reluctantly left.

At this time, within the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect, eerie phenomena had begun to surface. The boundaries between reality and illusion blurred, making it seem as if one had stepped into the ancient past, where they could retrieve cultivation techniques, pills, and magical artifacts from within the sect.

As word spread, the entire world was shaken. Cultivators, hearing the news, flocked to the ruins in droves. Among them, the Medicine King Sect’s group was barely noticeable in the massive crowd.

After sending everyone away, Li Fan first checked on Tianyang.

Within the enhanced Earth-Fire Origin Returning Formation, all the precious spiritual materials had been completely absorbed by Tianyang.

He himself seemed to be undergoing a transformation—his puppet body was now enveloped in a thick, black crystalline substance.

"Almost there. I hope you can make it in time for the grand event, little junior brother," Li Fan thought to himself.

After bidding farewell to Tianyang, Li Fan did not return to Congyun City. Instead, he traveled hundreds of miles to Yin Yin Island.

Under the watchful eye of Formless Killing Intent, it seemed that Master Yin had recently completed yet another verification of the secrets behind the Immortal-Mortal Miasma.

The results remained unchanged.

He sat limply on the ground, as if all hope had been extinguished, motionless for a long time.

Li Fan quietly approached him, sensing a deep aura of death emanating from Master Yin.

Despite the sudden appearance of this cultivator, Master Yin showed no surprise.

However, he ignored him, merely casting a glance before withdrawing his gaze.

"Daoist Yin, what exactly did you discover in the Immortal-Mortal Miasma?"

After a long silence, Li Fan finally couldn't resist asking.

In his perception, Master Yin’s cultivation was indeed at the Foundation Establishment stage. Even with his true form standing before him, he felt no danger.

"So, it was you watching me all along." Master Yin did not answer the question but suddenly spoke. "I thought it was that damn heavens."

He abruptly stood up and patted the dust off his clothes.

Ignoring Li Fan, he walked straight toward the underground chamber in the heart of the island.

As he walked, he spoke:

"Back then, I was nothing special—just a small Qi Condensation cultivator."

"But one day, in my hometown, it rained."

"What was terrifying was that every cultivator around me, everyone I knew, disappeared within that rain. Can you imagine that feeling?"

"One moment, they were talking to you, and in the next, they vanished before your eyes. The world became eerily silent. I searched frantically for those who had disappeared, but I found nothing."

"It was as if I was the only one left in the world. But I didn’t know why—why was I the only one who remained alive?"

"And then..."

Master Yin arrived at a passage filled with his personal collection.

His tone suddenly grew agitated. With a wave of his hand, he unleashed a flame, setting his collection ablaze.

Li Fan did not stop him. He simply watched as Master Yin’s expression shifted under the flickering flames and continued listening.

"The rain kept falling. It overflowed from the rivers, as if it intended to drown the entire land. And then, along with the rain, countless corpses began to descend from the sky."

"Most were incomplete, mere fragments. But some were still whole."

"I was almost paralyzed with fear. But when one of the more intact corpses landed right in front of me, I finally understood what true terror was."

By this point, Master Yin had reached the deepest part of the underground chamber.

Light illuminated the space, revealing countless corpses identical to Master Yin himself.

Now that Li Fan had reached the Nascent Soul stage, his perception had become even keener. In his senses, these corpses seemed... alive.

The blurred flesh and tissue squirmed ever so slightly—imperceptible to the naked eye.

Master Yin pointed at the countless corpses littering the ground, his expression gradually turning maniacal.

"Yes, the corpse that fell before me that day—was my own!"

"In fact, every corpse that fell from the sky bore my exact face!"

"And they were all smiling at me!"

Master Yin's eerie voice echoed through the underground chamber. The sinister truth he spoke of sent chills down the spine.

"How could such a terrifying thing happen in this world? Can you explain it?" He turned to Li Fan, staring at him blankly.

Li Fan could only remain silent.

"There is something wrong with this world."

Master Yin lifted his head, gazing at the sky.

1. Tai Shang will be translated as Supreme Sect from now on.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 639


"The world is full of things that defy common sense—mountains and rivers shifting, the Devouring Origin White Mist, the Immortal-Mortal Miasma..."

"Ever since the Immortal Ancestor spread his teachings, it has been one grand performance after another."

"From that day on, I have done everything in my power to uncover the secrets behind it all."

Master Yin’s voice was deep and enigmatic, his expression dazed.

Li Fan also listened intently, focusing on every word.

But what followed was a long silence.

After a long pause, Master Yin turned his head and looked at Li Fan, a mocking expression appearing on his face. "Are you expecting me to tell you the answer?"

"What are you thinking?"

"I am merely an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator. The hidden truths of this world—just the Immortal-Mortal Miasma alone—have exhausted all my efforts. As for the others..."

Master Yin sneered. "I have no interest."Li Fan remained unfazed. He replied calmly, "If that is the case, could you at least share the mysteries of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma?"

"Sure." Master Yin agreed readily.

"The Immortal-Mortal Miasma, it is..."

Halfway through his sentence, his face suddenly twisted in horror.

With a look of utter contempt, he spat on the ground and glared at Li Fan in fury.

"You? You dare ask?"

"A selfish, cold-blooded cultivator like you! To let you learn of his deeds would be the greatest blasphemy!"

"I would rather see his actions buried in history, never to be known by the world! Otherwise, people like you would not admire him but mock him in secret!"

Master Yin seemed to grow increasingly agitated, his gaze toward Li Fan filled with deep-seated hatred.

Li Fan’s eyes turned cold.

Without hesitation, he activated his Binding Insect Divine Ability, aiming to capture Master Yin and search his soul for answers. At the same time, he remained vigilant, prepared for Master Yin to suddenly reveal his true strength and counterattack.

But unexpectedly, everything went smoothly. There was no resistance—Master Yin was instantly subdued, unable to move.

Yet, moments later, Li Fan’s expression changed slightly.

Because he suddenly realized that the "Master Yin" bound by the divine ability had, in an instant, lost all signs of life—he had turned into a lifeless corpse.

Li Fan immediately turned his gaze to the other corpses in the underground chamber.

At that moment, the previously motionless bodies, once piled haphazardly like rotting flesh, all lifted their heads simultaneously.

Every single one of them was grinning menacingly at him.

"Tricks and illusions!"

Li Fan remained unfazed by this eerie sight. He let out a cold snort, and in an instant, the Five Elements Cave Heaven Law Domain engulfed Yin Yin Island.

The power of the Five Elements surged, forming an impenetrable prison, attempting to suppress all the corpses within.

However, before Li Fan could even act further, something even more bizarre occurred.

All the corpses within his domain suddenly lost all life signs, one after another, and truly perished.

It was as if his strike had landed on nothing but air, leaving Li Fan feeling frustrated.

Sweeping his divine sense across the entire island, he searched for any trace of Master Yin. But at this moment, aside from himself, there was not a single living being on the entire island.

"Suicide? I don't believe it!"

Li Fan narrowed his eyes and exerted the power of his Cave-Heaven Domain, crushing every corpse into dust.

Yet, even after every single body had disintegrated into nothingness, nothing else happened.

As if Master Yin had truly perished.

But instead of relaxing, Li Fan grew even more alert.

Drip...

The sound in his ears made Li Fan’s pupils contract sharply.

He stretched out his hand.

A single droplet of rain had appeared out of nowhere above him.

It fell onto his palm.

And then—

The rain poured down.

The rain grew heavier and heavier. Gradually, dark shadows began to fall from above, carried by the downpour.

Bang!

Bang!



Bang!

They were corpses—some broken and mangled, others intact!

What sent a chill down Li Fan's spine was that these corpses no longer bore the face of Master Yin. Instead, they all looked like him!

As they hit the ground, the corpses began to writhe and struggle, twisting into bizarre postures as they slowly raised their heads.

Just like Master Yin earlier, their eyes were locked onto him—unwavering.

And on their faces was that same eerie, twisted grin.

"What the hell is this...?"

Li Fan's heart sank.

He no longer held back. With a single thought, the Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword blazed to life in the underground chamber.

Sword light swept across the area, shredding the corpses into dust.

"Keh keh keh..."

As they vanished, sinister laughter escaped their mouths—like a mocking taunt from the void.

In the brief moment of their disappearance, Li Fan's figure flickered, and in the blink of an eye, he had already left Yin Yin Island, attempting to escape these eerie corpses.

But…

Drip.

Drip.

Even after flying hundreds of miles away in an instant, Li Fan still felt the icy rain falling onto his face.

This time, he switched to the Reverse Five Elements Creation-Destruction Sword.

The moment the countless corpses fell from the sky again, Li Fan obliterated them with sword light.

Yet, his expression only grew darker.

Because he realized that dealing with these corpses… was slightly more difficult than before.

The difference was almost imperceptible, but it was there—a growing resistance, an increasing drain on his strength.

And as the rain continued to pour, Li Fan repeated the process again and again, eliminating the corpses each time.

This cycle only confirmed his worst fear.

"This is bad..."

Li Fan's face turned grim.

He had already tried nearly every technique in his arsenal, yet he still couldn't shake off these grotesque corpses.

Moreover, the bodies, which looked more and more like himself, seemed to be growing stronger, becoming harder and harder to destroy.

If this continued any further…

"Am I really going to be forced to activate [Truth]?" Li Fan furrowed his brows.

Then, out of the corner of his eye, he caught sight of a Divine Ability on his [Truth] Panel—one he had never fully used before.

[Chaos]

"A desperate gamble... but it's worth a try."

And so, as the cold rain fell once more, Li Fan stood firm amidst the grinning corpses.

With a solemn expression, he raised his hand as if wielding a brush, and with a single, fluid motion, he wrote the word—

"Chaos" (亂).

Boom!

The instant the Chaos Glyph formed, an uncontrollable surge of power erupted within Li Fan’s body.

It was as if an immense force was bearing down on him.

Inside his Five Elements Cave Heaven, ominous creaking sounds rang out as if the entire domain was on the verge of collapse.

Even the natural circulation of the Five Elements began to spiral into disorder.

Within the Wood-Element Cave Heaven, energies of water, fire, metal, and earth burst forth chaotically.

The same occurred in the other elemental domains.

In an instant, his newly-formed Five Elements Cave Heaven plunged into utter turmoil.

Strange and eerie phenomena began manifesting.

But as its master, Li Fan had no time to care.

Because at that very moment—his vision was overwhelmed by an infinite deluge of hallucinations.

No… rather than hallucinations, it was more like he had suddenly experienced a thousand lifetimes of reincarnation in a single instant.

Each cycle of life and death unfolded with terrifying clarity, flooding his mind with countless realities.

It was as if he had been split into countless versions of himself.

His head felt like it was about to explode.

Just as he was on the verge of breaking—

A scripture that had been silently operating in the background suddenly surged forth—

The [Xuanhuang Heart-Refining Mantra] roared to life.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 640


Since Li Fan had begun cultivating the Heart-Refining Mantra, he had never experienced such a wild and frenzied operational speed.

It was as if some special switch had been triggered—the efficiency of the Xuanhuang Heart-Refining Mantra had increased not just by a hundredfold but by a thousandfold or more.

If Li Fan’s previous attempts at self-exploration were akin to a slow-moving millstone pulled by a donkey,

Then now, the Xuanhuang Heart-Refining Mantra was like a roaring, thunderous mechanical giant, absorbing all the countless surreal and lifelike experiences that had suddenly surged into Li Fan’s mind.

Restoring order, returning to clarity!

It was as if a bucket of ice water had been poured over his head, instantly cooling down the searing heat within.

Li Fan gradually regained his senses, pulling himself out of his trance and confusion.

“This…”

“?”

In an instant, Li Fan understood what had just happened to him, and his heart was filled with shock.He had not expected the backlash from the complete "Chaos" Character Glyph to be so terrifying.

Once it took shape, it was several times stronger than his previous simulated attempts, which had always fallen just short of completion.

Once the "Chaos" Character fully formed, it underwent a qualitative transformation, its power now incomparable to the fragmented pieces he had previously grasped.

"If even the backlash is this terrifying, then its actual effects must be…"

Suppressing the turmoil within his body and mind, Li Fan looked up toward the sky.

He saw that where the rain had once fallen and where the corpses had previously dropped, the scene seemed to twist and distort.

It was as if an invisible void existed there—rain and corpses alike disappeared into thin air the moment they came close.

However, after consuming the eerie rainwater, the twisted void seemed to be slowly shrinking.

Thus, the two forces reached a state of mutual balance, constantly neutralizing each other.

Finally, when the rain ceased to fall from the sky,

The influence of the "Chaos" Glyph vanished as well.

A battered and disheveled figure plummeted from the air—it was none other than Master Yin.

At this moment, his body had become semi-transparent. His face, filled with disbelief, stared blankly at Li Fan.

He tried to say something, opening his mouth, but no sound came out.

Master Yin lowered his head, looking at himself as if he had understood something. He no longer struggled in vain.

His body became increasingly faint, yet there was no trace of fear on his face at his impending demise.

Instead, he showed an expression of relief and liberation.

Moments later, Master Yin completely disappeared from this world.

Li Fan had no time to celebrate surviving the ordeal.

Driven by the overwhelming sense of impending crisis in his heart, he endured his injuries, activated the Sky-Shrouding Hand secret technique, and pushed his escape technique to its limits, swiftly fleeing the scene.

Not long after Li Fan’s departure…

A vast and boundless divine consciousness seemed to descend.

The scenery beneath the sea reversed like rewinding time itself, tracing back events and replaying the past.

But just as Li Fan’s image was about to emerge—

A crack suddenly appeared out of thin air.

Then a second, a third—countless cracks followed.

The vision shattered like a broken mirror, restoring the timeline to normal.

The divine consciousness lingered for a long while, as if contemplating something.

Then, it silently scanned the entire Congyun Sea, but ultimately found no anomalies.

And finally, it withdrew into complete silence.

At this moment, far from returning to Congyun City, Li Fan dug out a mineral stone from the seabed beneath him.

Feigning delight, he carefully placed it into his storage ring.

Then, for quite some time, he pretended to continue mining, as if he were just an ordinary cultivator collecting resources.

Only when the ominous feeling of danger completely faded did he stop his act.

Just moments ago, right when he was rushing back to Congyun City…

An unprecedented sense of crisis suddenly struck, and his heart pounded violently as if he would perish in the next second.

There was no time to think. He first dispelled his Sky-Shrouding Concealment, then activated the Mysterious True Spirit Transformation, instantly changing his appearance into that of another cultivator.

Feigning nonchalance, he pretended to be mining ores from the seabed.

Sure enough, his intuition was correct. Moments later, he felt as though he was being watched.

Suppressing his unease, he acted as if he had noticed nothing.

Though the situation was extremely perilous, he ultimately managed to evade the other party's detection.

“The Chaos Character, the Xuanhuang Heart-Refining Mantra, the eerie Duplicating Rain... and that immense divine sense...”

On his way back to Congyun City, Li Fan kept pondering the connection between these elements.

“If I hadn't unintentionally used the Chaos Character, I would have had no way to escape the 'Duplicating Me' Rain. My only option would have been to confront it directly.”

“But to my surprise, the Chaos Character Glyph was actually able to dispel the 'Duplicating Me' Rain.”

To Li Fan, Master Yin and the rain that carried countless identical corpses bore a striking resemblance to the eerie anomalies of the Xuanhuang Realm.

Both were phenomena that defied logic—rules beyond rules.

However, this so-called unalterable, ever-present strangeness had been neutralized by the Chaos Character.

What did this mean?

Li Fan repeatedly recalled the moment when the Duplicating Me Rain disappeared.

“Chaos... Chaos...”

“Rather than being dispelled, it felt more like...”

“Chaos upon chaos, canceling each other out?”

A bold idea suddenly surfaced in his mind.

“Could it be that the root of all eerie anomalies in the world originates from this concept of 'Chaos'?”

Once the thought arose, it became impossible to suppress. At the same time, a deep and inexplicable fear gripped his heart.

“Back in the mist, I saw the word ‘Chaos’ carved into a stone. Its power seemed to have faded over the passage of time.”

“But without a doubt, it was the culprit that destroyed that entire mist-shrouded world.”

“If that was merely a weakened remnant of the original Chaos Character...”

Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

“Furthermore, it seems that powerful beings in the Xuanhuang Realm are extremely interested in this Chaos Character. The moment they sense its presence, they descend to investigate.”

“It seems that unless I am faced with an absolute life-or-death crisis, I should avoid using it as much as possible.”

Li Fan silently contemplated.

After all, he had formed his Nascent Soul through the Five Elements Cave-Heaven, granting him boundless regenerative power.

By the time he returned to Congyun City, his injuries had completely healed, leaving no trace of abnormality.

Additionally, the 'Momentary Glimpse of Myriad Realities' that had surfaced in his mind had been absorbed and neutralized by the Xuanhuang Heart-Refining Mantra, which had been operating at full capacity.

However, something puzzled Li Fan.

Under normal circumstances, absorbing such a large amount of stray thoughts should have nourished and strengthened his divine soul, based on his past experiences.

Yet, from the moment it happened until now, he hadn’t felt the slightest increase in his soul’s power.

“Could it have been used to repair hidden wounds within my soul instead?”

With a hint of doubt, Li Fan examined himself carefully.

The Heart-Refining Mantra had gradually returned to its normal rhythm, yet he keenly sensed that it had undergone a subtle transformation.





It felt as if it had achieved a form of sublimation—though not yet complete.

A sudden impulse drove Li Fan to open his [Truth] Panel, his gaze locking onto the technique descriptions.

The Xuanhuang Heart-Refining Mantra, previously ranked first, had silently changed its name.

Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra (Incomplete).

Li Fan’s pupils contracted sharply, his heart filled with shock.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 641


From "Refinement" to "Immortal"—though just a single character apart, the difference is as vast as heaven and earth.

For countless ages, the path forward in the Xuanhuang Realm had been severed. "Immortality" had become an unattainable goal, existing only in ancient texts, where it served as an object of longing and imagination for cultivators.

Yet now, Li Fan had come across a technique that might be related to "True Immortals"!

"True Immortal inheritance?"

Just the thought alone sent waves of excitement surging through Li Fan’s heart. The exhilaration and fervor he felt at this moment were reminiscent of the time he first encountered Kou Hong and Dao Xuanzi—when he had finally confirmed the existence of cultivators in this world.

"No wonder the Xuanhuang Mantra has always been ranked at the forefront of all my cultivation techniques. Even the Cloud-Water Illusion Dream Technique passed down by Qin Tang at the Dao Integration realm pales in comparison! It turns out to be the true legacy of an Immortal!"

"The path to Immortality is not broken! The path to Immortality remains open!"

Li Fan’s heart surged with emotions, making it difficult for him to calm down.

Even with his current state of mind and cultivation, it took him quite some time to gradually regain composure.

After carefully comprehending this so-called "Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra," he realized that, perhaps because it was only a fragment, it did not seem significantly different from the previous Refining Heart Mantra.Or perhaps, with Li Fan’s current level, he was still unable to discern the true distinction between the two.

He began to recall the origins of the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra.

Its earliest form was the widely spread technique in the Xuanhuang Realm, known for expelling miasma from the body—"Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra." Since this technique had no other benefits aside from purging mortal impurities, very few cultivators continued practicing it after drawing Qi into their bodies.

However, due to Li Fan’s poor natural aptitude, he had struggled to expel the miasma within him. Thus, while waiting for the opportunity to enter the Purification Spirit Pool, he tirelessly cultivated the Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra day and night. Moreover, thanks to his [Truth] Insight ability, which allowed him to perceive even the slightest changes within himself with great clarity, he became convinced that the Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra was indeed effective. As a result, he never abandoned it.

During the excruciating purification process in the Purification Spirit Pool, where the Immortal-Mortal miasma were forcibly expelled from his body, Li Fan never wavered in his pursuit of the Dao, even when he was on the verge of losing consciousness. His unwavering determination remained unshaken. With the power of [Truth], which allowed him to endlessly reincarnate and start over, he feared neither life nor death.

Ultimately, when he successfully transitioned from a mere mortal into a Qi Condensation cultivator, the Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra evolved into the Xuanhuang Refining Heart Mantra.

Throughout his countless cycles of reincarnation, Li Fan continued to experiment and refine his cultivation method. Eventually, he discovered the true way to practice the Xuanhuang Refining Heart Mantra—cultivating the Dao Heart in reverse.

Like a great millstone, he shattered all his worldly attachments and transformed them into nourishment for his soul. The profundity of this technique far surpassed the cultivation methods currently circulated within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Originally, Li Fan believed that this was the ultimate form of the Xuanhuang Mantra. However, due to a fateful coincidence, when he activated the Chaos Character and endured its "Ten Thousand Lifetimes Shadow Reflection" backlash, the Refining Heart Mantra began to operate on its own—finally shedding its disguise and revealing its true nature.

"Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra..."

Li Fan kept repeating this name in his mind.

Without a doubt, this was an unfathomably powerful technique.

It was said that "worldly matters can taint even the gods and immortals." No matter how powerful a cultivator was, when entangled in the endless cycle of mundane affairs, their Dao Heart would inevitably suffer damage.

The "Ten Thousand Lifetimes Glimpse of Myriad Realities" was akin to personally experiencing hundreds or even thousands of lifetimes. Countless images and emotions surged into his mind all at once. If not for Li Fan’s own experience of reincarnating through a hundred lifetimes—granting him an unshakable will—he would have succumbed to madness and insanity on the spot.

Without the assistance of the Immortal Heart Mantra, no matter how extraordinary Li Fan’s willpower was, escaping the influence of the Glimpse of Myriad Realities on his own would likely take him several decades.

However, with the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra, the result was entirely different. Almost in an instant, those sincere emotions and vivid memories were dissolved and absorbed.

"In an instant, I have experienced countless cycles of reincarnation, yet my immortal heart remains unchanged..."

"So this is the power of an immortal." Li Fan couldn’t help but feel a deep sense of yearning.

"With such an immortal technique, the various illusory realms of the Xuanhuang World will be nothing to me." A sharp glint flashed in Li Fan’s eyes.

The first thing that came to his mind was the moment when Senior Sister Zhao had drawn him into the Grand Dao Sect.

"If I wield the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra, perhaps I can maintain my true self within that real illusion. With self-awareness and active intent, I may even be able to steal more secrets."

"In my next life, I must give it a try."

After pondering for a long time, Li Fan focused his gaze on the character "Incomplete" that followed the Immortal Heart Mantra.

"This immortal technique is still incomplete, and to restore it, one must use the experiences and memories of countless past lives as raw material. Originally, using the Chaos Character technique to induce spiritual backlash was the best method."

"But..."

Li Fan frowned slightly.

He still felt lingering fear over that immense divine sense that had appeared afterward. His instincts told him that the owner of that divine sense had likely already marked the Chaos Character Technique. If he used it again, he would probably be discovered instantly.

"Perhaps I was able to escape before only because the Chaos Character technique had not appeared in this world for many years."

"Once may be fine, but never again..."

"No matter." Thinking of the mysterious treasure he carried, Li Fan smiled slightly.

"Even if I only get one surprise opportunity per lifetime, for me, that is as good as an endless supply!"

"No matter whether it was the one who deliberately hid the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra, or that immense divine sense so concerned with Chaos, neither would ever expect that an anomaly like me exists in this world!"

Reflecting on his past experiences, Li Fan knew just how difficult it was to restore the Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra step by step back into the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra.

Moreover, powerful figures were constantly watching, never letting their guard down.

Even if someone was lucky enough to rediscover it by chance, they could never remain in the blind spot of those great beings' perception like Li Fan had, completely unnoticed.

"Among the infinite possible futures, as long as a single sliver of hope exists, I will find it and turn the impossible into reality."

Li Fan once again grasped the terrifying nature of [Truth].

At the same time, he felt immense gratitude.

"If I did not possess this extraordinary treasure, no matter how much of a genius I might be, I would never be able to achieve transcendence from this Xuanhuang World."

Filled with emotion, Li Fan began searching through the Tianxuan Mirror for scattered information about the Xuanhuang Refining Heart Mantra.

"It makes sense. The Immortal-Mortal Miasma violates the fundamental laws of heaven and earth, so how could the method to dispel it possibly be simple?"

A flash of understanding passed through Li Fan’s mind.

With his current level of authority, he could access many things that ordinary cultivators were forbidden to see.

However, regarding the origins of the Xuanhuang Refining Heart Mantra, there were countless theories—none of which were definitive.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 642


At the end of the Great Plague Era, under the coercion of cultivators, the vast majority of mortals were relocated to various hidden realms and small worlds.

However, as the influence of the "incompatibility of immortal cultivation techniques" grew stronger, the cultivators ultimately could not escape the fate of mutual destruction. The immortal sects collapsed, and the cultivation civilization entered a prolonged period of darkness.

As the saying goes, "When one declines, another rises."

The number of cultivators dwindled to near extinction. Yet, mortals, like resilient weeds, began to emerge once again across the world.

Regarding the origins of these newly born mortals, some claimed they were survivors of the great migration. Others believed they were the descendants of cultivators. There were also those who suggested that mortals from the small worlds had broken through the blockade of the Immortal-Sealing Formation and returned.

Regardless, as cultivators gradually vanished from the land, the mortals of the Xuanhuang Realm began to thrive in the gaps left behind.

Along with the resurgence of mortals came the Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra.

Like folk songs and legends of unknown origin, it spread by word of mouth. Eventually, nearly every human tribe became aware of this technique, which allowed mortals to escape the influence of the Immortal-Mortal Miasma and once again embark on the path of cultivation.

Today's cultivators speculate that this could very well be the work of the Mysterious Eastern Extremity Heavenly Sovereign of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

After all, the Purification Spirit Pool, which also removes the Immortal-Mortal Miasma, was created by the Eastern Extremity Heavenly Sovereign. It is highly possible that the Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra was an earlier experiment before the creation of the Purification Spirit Pool.However, now that Li Fan understands the true nature of the Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra, he finds this possibility unlikely.

The Eastern Extremity Heavenly Sovereign, the nominal leader of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, only appeared a few times in the alliance's earliest recorded history before vanishing entirely.

Rather than believing he was a true immortal, Li Fan considered it more likely that, like himself, the Eastern Extremity Heavenly Sovereign had uncovered the secrets of the Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra.

Perhaps, inspired by this discovery, he later created the Purification Spirit Pool.

"Could the disappearance of the Eastern Extremity Heavenly Sovereign also be related to the Xuanhuang Clear Heart Mantra?" This thought surfaced in Li Fan’s mind.

Yet, when he tried to search for records on the Eastern Extremity Heavenly Sovereign, he found almost nothing—just as before, the information was nearly nonexistent, with no additional records to be found.

This was completely inconsistent with the status of a leader of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

"This is truly unsettling."

Li Fan decided not to dwell on it further and instead focused once again on comprehending the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra.

Half a month later, Li Fan gathered everyone in the Administration Hall once more.

At first, they thought he had another major announcement to make, but instead, they were greeted with the news that he was going into seclusion again.

"Didn’t he just leave seclusion not long ago? And now he’s going back? Could it be that ancient cultivators were all this diligent?"

"Lord Envoy doesn’t lack contribution points, so he can maintain the [Spiritual Awakening] state permanently. Cultivation for him is practically a pleasure. If I had the same opportunity, I’d do it too."

"There were rumors that Lord Envoy had already restored his Nascent Soul realm. Could it be that he is now breaking through to the Soul Transformation stage?"

…

Amid the heated discussions, only He Zhenghao appeared deep in thought.

"It seems that Lord Envoy is making preparations for the descent of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth."

He casually glanced at Zhou Qingang beside him.

When Lord Envoy announced this matter, Zhou Qingang’s expression remained completely unchanged, clearly indicating that he had already known about it beforehand.

Thinking back, he had once been the most trusted subordinate of Lord Envoy. Unfortunately, due to a moment of greed, he had lost that trust to this young man.

At this thought, a wave of discomfort surged in He Zhenghao’s heart.

His eyes flickered, and an idea surfaced in his mind.

He transmitted his voice to Zhou Qingang, saying, "Daoist Zhou, how has your cultivation been progressing lately?"

Zhou Qingang looked at He Zhenghao in surprise. After a brief moment of contemplation, he immediately understood He Zhenghao’s underlying intentions.

With a cold sneer in his heart, he responded along He Zhenghao’s line of questioning, "Hehe, Brother He, you must be joking. You know very well that Lord Envoy does not manage affairs personally, leaving all matters, big and small, to us. Originally, Gao Yuan helped share the workload, but he recently took a leave of absence to travel. That has made things even busier."

"Just handling political affairs takes up nearly all of my time—how could I possibly have the peace of mind to cultivate?"

He Zhenghao pretended to be in complete agreement, sighing as if sympathizing.

However, before long, he shifted the topic.

"I have something to say—would Daoist Zhou be willing to hear it?"

Zhou Qingang was momentarily stunned before responding quickly, "Please speak, Brother He."

He Zhenghao said solemnly, "Daoist Zhou, your dedication to assisting Lord Envoy is commendable."

"But…"

He Zhenghao continued meaningfully, "One must still rely on their own strength! No matter how much favor you have from Lord Envoy, your cultivation level remains at the Golden Core stage—moreover, at its weakest early stage. In a small place like Congyun Sea, you can still maintain authority over your subordinates. However, as Lord Envoy's cultivation continues to recover and his realm grows higher, he will inevitably attract numerous Nascent Soul and Soul Transformation cultivators. If you stagnate at your current level, how will you command their respect?"

Upon hearing this, Zhou Qingang expression changed slightly.

He initially looked as if he wanted to argue, but after a moment, he fell into deep thought.

Seeing this, He Zhenghao secretly felt pleased with himself.

"That rhetoric from Gao Yuan is truly effective. If not for my firm Dao heart, I might have been swayed by him back then," He Zhenghao mused.

After a long while, Zhou Qing'ang seemed to have come to a realization, though a bitter smile appeared on his face.

"You are right. But I truly cannot spare the time—I find it difficult to cultivate in peace," he said, looking at He Zhenghao.

He Zhenghao's eyes lit up. "Daoist Zhou, why not follow Gao Yuan’s example? There must be great opportunities hidden within the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect. If you can obtain them, you could easily advance by one minor realm. Perhaps even breaking through to Nascent Soul isn’t out of reach."

Zhou Qingang hesitated, as if he wanted to speak but refrained.

However, He Zhenghao seized the moment and continued, "I know what worries you. You fear that your absence will affect governance, correct? Rest assured, I am here! If I’ve already taken on extra responsibilities, what’s one more?"

Zhou Qingang looked at him suspiciously. "If that’s the case, why don’t you go yourself? Since when have you been so considerate of your colleagues?"

He Zhenghao’s expression darkened slightly. "How could you say that? Lord Envoy once reminded us that we must prioritize unity among ourselves. If my two brothers can enhance their cultivation, what’s a little hardship on my part?"

"As Lord Envoy’s cultivation grows, more and more followers will rally to his side. We are natural allies—helping you is helping myself."

He Zhenghao paused, observed Zhou Qingang expression carefully, and then continued, "Besides, I’ve had some insights recently. I believe I’m not far from breaking through to Nascent Soul. Even without external opportunities, I’m confident I can advance within ten years!"

"Why not let me help you achieve this?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 643


"Are you confident you can advance to the Nascent Soul stage within ten years?"

Zhou Qingang looked at the smug He Zhenghao, a hint of surprise flashing across his face.

This reaction was not feigned.

After carefully examining He Zhenghao for a moment, Zhou Qingang realized that his claim might not be mere boasting. A profound and mysterious aura lurked within him—extremely well-hidden. If He Zhenghao hadn't revealed it himself, and if the current "Zhou Qingang" weren’t actually Li Fan's true body in disguise, it would have been nearly impossible to detect.

As memories from the Dao Deviation Stone replayed in his mind, Li Fan quickly identified the source of this change. It was due to a simple white jade that He Xinxin had given to He Zhenghao before her reluctant departure, instructing him to nurture it within his dantian.

"He has never trained properly, yet just by relying on this jade, he is confident that he can advance from Golden Core to Nascent Soul in such a short time…?"

"This jade is indeed an extraordinary treasure! Even for the Heng Clan of Tianyu Prefecture, it must be quite rare. He Xinxin truly went to great lengths to ensure her father's survival."

"But unfortunately…"

With an almost imperceptible cold gaze, "Zhou Qingang" glanced at He Zhenghao, sneering inwardly.

He then feigned great astonishment, exclaiming, "Daoist He, your progress is truly astonishing! This is completely unexpected. It seems that your talent for cultivation far surpasses mine and Gao Yuan’s."A trace of embarrassment flashed across He Zhenghao's face, but he quickly concealed it and arrogantly declared, "Haha, no need to feel discouraged! In cultivation, besides talent, perseverance and fortunate encounters also play a crucial role. Since your natural aptitude is slightly lacking, you must not let this opportunity slip by!"

Hearing He Zhenghao’s persuasion, Zhou Qingang appeared to lower his head in contemplation.

Just as He Zhenghao believed that he had swayed him and was secretly pleased, Zhou Qingang let out a long sigh and refused his proposal.

"You are right, Daoist He. To better serve Lord Envoy, personal strength is crucial. However, opportunities often come hand in hand with dangers. As for me…"

Zhou Qingang shook his head, feigning regret.

"I have never been blessed with good fortune! Even if there is some great opportunity within Chaoyuan Sect, I doubt it would ever fall into my hands! I'd rather stay here in Congyun Sea and focus on my duties."

"And besides, Lord Envoy…"

Zhou Qingang deliberately paused before continuing, "His Lordship never neglects his subordinates. If he sees our dedication and hard work, he might reward us with something that could help us break through our current bottlenecks!"

"But I still appreciate your kindness, Daoist He!"

Zhou Qingang cupped his hands in salute before turning to leave Bu Zheng Hall.

Watching Zhou Qingang departing figure, He Zhenghao’s expression flickered uncertainly.

"This brat truly deserves to be one of the Lord’s trusted aides—he must know something!"

"It seems my decision was right. Since even he refuses to leave Congyun Sea, that must mean this place is not only free of danger but also holds tremendous benefits…!"

With his last bit of hesitation erased, He Zhenghao solidified his resolve.

And seeing the greed and deep obsession in He Zhenghao’s gaze, Li Fan knew exactly what was going through his mind.

"The greedier one is, the more foolish they become. The more foolish they are, the greedier they get."

"A vicious cycle… The He Zhenghao of this life is no longer the Daoist He I once knew!"

"The experiences one goes through shape their personality and fate so profoundly."

Li Fan pondered for a moment, sensing a deeper truth within this realization.

"Perhaps… this has some connection to the foundation of the New Method, which thrives on boundless greed and ruthless plundering."

Shaking off these thoughts, Li Fan resumed his usual routine. For the time being, he continued acting as Zhou Qingang, handling various affairs methodically.

Meanwhile, his disguised clone, posing as the "Secret Envoy Li Fan," remained hidden deep within the Adminstration Hall’s secret chamber, claiming to be in secluded cultivation.

In secret, Li Fan had swapped places with his true body and clone, while also starting to craft a puppet in Zhou Qingang likeness.

Deep within Congyun Sea, he activated the Earth-Fire Returning Origin Formation, consuming a small amount of ordinary materials to forge a skeletal puppet.

Then, using the Mysterious True Spirit Transformation Technique, a method for refining clones, he coated the puppet’s bones with a layer of flesh and skin.

He once again attached a trace of his divine sense to it.

In the end, he successfully created a puppet body that looked exactly like Zhou Qingang.

After transferring his clothing, storage ring, and other belongings, Li Fan's true self took one last look at the vast azure sea of clouds and shook his head.

"It is time to leave," he thought.

Reverting to his original appearance, he sped toward the secret realm of the Longevity Valley without looking back.

Meanwhile, the puppet Zhou Qingang, controlled by the trace of Li Fan’s remaining divine sense, returned alone to Congyun Immortal City.

Since Zhou Qingang was always reserved and taciturn, his somewhat stiff expression did not immediately arouse suspicion among other cultivators.

Moreover, Li Fan deliberately reduced his interactions with outsiders. On the rare occasions he did meet others, he always appeared engrossed in official duties, busy to the point of being overwhelmed.

Thus, within the vast Congyun City—despite the endless flow of cultivators—no one realized that Zhou Qingang had already completed a seamless deception in the shadows.

Though there were still some flaws in the disguise, and in time, someone was bound to notice, it hardly mattered.

For the entire Congyun Sea and all the living beings within it were already approaching their final moments.

As Li Fan's true self was still on his way—

On this day, both he and his divine sense-possessed puppet suddenly felt a wave of unease.

"What is that?"

The startled cries from Congyun City stirred Li Fan’s heart, and he instinctively looked up at the sky.

There, a massive black fireball had suddenly appeared without warning in the firmament.

Trailing a dark tail, it hurtled toward Congyun Sea at a terrifying angle.

"This is—!" Li Fan’s pupils contracted sharply.

"Crimson Flame?" Sensing a vaguely familiar aura from the black fireball, Li Fan hesitated, uncertain.

The black fireball was unbelievably fast. Before the cultivators of Congyun Sea could even react, it had already crashed into the ocean.

Wherever it touched, the seawater instantly vaporized due to the extreme heat.

A massive void appeared in the sea before the black fireball violently struck the ocean floor.

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

Deafening explosions erupted, shaking the entire Congyun Sea. Even Congyun City, high above the clouds, was soon swept by the shockwaves, swaying like a floating leaf in a storm.

Amid the violent impact, towering tsunamis surged outward from the fireball’s impact site, engulfing everything in their path.

The cultivators watching in horror saw that within those colossal waves—hundreds of meters high—dark flames flickered ominously.

Wherever the waves passed, the fusion of water and fire obliterated countless islands in an instant, reducing them to ashes.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 644


The waves, engulfed in black flames, were utterly terrifying.

Not only were mortal islands easily destroyed, but even the large islands fortified with protective formations and guarded by cultivators were as fragile as paper. Under the horrifying destructive force, they turned to ashes in an instant.

The island-guarding cultivators had no chance to resist—they vanished completely into the sky.

The anomalies caused by their deaths lasted only for a brief moment before being engulfed by the dense black aura in the heavens.

The massive waves continued to sweep across the sea, while the colossal black fireball at the center of it all shattered into tens of thousands of black streaks of light in an earth-shaking explosion.

From the point of impact, these streaks of light shot out in all directions, scattering across the Congyun Sea.

Faced with this apocalyptic scene, the cultivators in Congyun City were momentarily stunned. Then, unable to suppress their fear, they let out terrified cries.

“By the Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor! Is this the end of the world?”

“A great catastrophe! A terrifying calamity is upon us!”

“How could such a massive meteor fall without any warning from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance? What were they doing?!”Some cultivators were terrified. Some went mad. Others were furious. But there were still those who held faith in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

They believed it was merely a natural disaster—an asteroid calamity. Even though the monstrous tsunami could wipe out all the islands in the Congyun Sea, the city floating high in the sky should remain safe.

Yet, there were always cultivators who prioritized survival above all else.

“Run!”

This was the first thought that flashed through their minds.

However, when they rushed to the Dharma Transmission Plaza, they discovered something that filled them with horror.

“Damn it! Why have all the teleportation formation stopped working?!”

“It's over! There's no escape! We're doomed!”

“A conspiracy! This must be the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s doing!”

Panic spread like wildfire through the plaza, and their cries of alarm quickly reached every corner of Congyun Sea City.

Within moments, all cultivators in the city knew that the teleportation formation had failed.

As they saw the approaching tsunami, fear and chaos took hold.

Yet, amidst the turmoil, He Zhenghao remained unnaturally calm. Though he felt a flicker of fear, he forcibly suppressed it through sheer willpower.

“Such an overwhelming force… This must be the Spirit of Heaven and Earth. When will it take form? According to legend, Spirits of Heaven and Earth always manifest in humanoid forms…”

A trace of unease crept into He Zhenghao’s heart.

“It should be fine… If the Lord Envoy could predict the descent of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth, He must have prepared for this.”

He reassured himself.

Sure enough, just as he had this thought, a voice suddenly resonated throughout Congyun Sea City— Li Fan’s voice.

“Cultivators, do not panic! With Immortal Lord Hongxi here, nothing will go wrong!”

“All of you need only remain within the city!”

“Formation Hall, activate the grand defensive array formation at full power to withstand the disaster! Martial Hall squads, assemble and maintain order!”

The steady voice echoed through the city. Like a stabilizing anchor, it momentarily restored calm among the cultivators.

Soon after, a glowing barrier enveloped Congyun Immortal City, while cultivators rushed to reinforce various formation nodes.

For a brief moment, order returned to the city.

Meanwhile, Li Fan gazed at the endless black streaks of light in the sky and the ever-expanding tsunami. Then, his eyes drifted toward Immortal Lord Hongxi, dressed in white not far away.

Li Fan saw that his face was filled with solemnity.

“Black flames? Has Crimson Flame been enhanced, or is this the power of another Spirit of Heaven and Earth?”

“Ink Flame?”

Faced with this unexpected change in the world, Li Fan was somewhat surprised, but overall, this outcome was still within his expectations.

In previous lifetimes, the Crimson Flame had descended as a heavenly mandate, carrying out acts of burning the seas and annihilating the world.

However, after the Crimson Flame was sacrificed and refined by cultivators, it would trigger a violent counterattack from the will of heaven and earth.

The catastrophic Ink Death would descend, completely reducing Congyun Sea to nothingness.

But in this world, due to the battle between the Heavenly Doctor, the Sage, and the Fisherman, the predetermined timeline for the world's destruction was drastically moved forward.

"The Crimson Flame burning the seas… there is still room for maneuver."

"If the will of heaven and earth had intended complete destruction from the start, then what would have descended wouldn’t have been that feeble boiler worker, Crimson Flame."

"Instead, it would have sent a much stronger spirit of heaven and earth."

"Heaven's mandate, change, fate…"

As Li Fan’s thoughts turned, he vaguely came to an understanding.

"The will of heaven and earth is not immutable, but dynamically adjusts based on actual circumstances."

"Yet its ultimate objective remains the same…

"Congyun Sea must perish!"

"The reason behind this is perhaps not only because cultivators plunder the heavens and seize the land, making them the scourge of heaven and earth, but also due to the involvement of that group from the Heavenly Doctor!"

Li Fan’s eyes gleamed with sharp insight.

While he pondered, a massive wave was already approaching beneath Congyun City.

Even though Congyun Immortal City stood high above the clouds, a mere few hundred-meter-tall wave seemed incapable of posing a threat. However, for some unknown reason, an ominous premonition surged in the hearts of all the cultivators within the city.

And as it turned out, their instincts were correct.

The colossal wave, flickering with black flames, arrived beneath Congyun City—and then, as if it had come alive, its movement trajectory abruptly changed.

It surged upward, ferociously crashing toward the sky.

Cries of alarm rang out in succession.

At that moment, the silent Immortal Lord Hongxi finally made his move.

Beneath Congyun Immortal City, a vast mountain range suddenly rose from the ground.

Like a great wall, it forcibly blocked the oncoming wave.

The wave, obstructed, fell back onto the sea.

Yet Li Fan, who had witnessed Immortal Lord Hongxi’s full strength before, could tell that this seemingly casual move had actually cost Hongxi nearly half of his power.

"That strong?"

Feeling the faint tremor beneath his feet, Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

Although this was only one of his clone, it contained three divine abilities passed down from his true body, each executed with full force.

At a critical moment, he could make it seem real enough to deceive everyone.

The reason for such an elaborate act was to solidify the illusion that Li Fan, the cultivator from the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, had perished.

Li Fan was certain that even amidst this apocalyptic calamity of burning seas, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance would find a way to uncover the final moments before Congyun Sea was obliterated.

Thus, his act had to be flawless—he could not afford to reveal a single flaw.

"It’s still not time to make a move."

"The Crimson Flame… no, where is the true body of the Ink Flame now?"

Li Fan kept his gaze locked onto the surface of Congyun Sea, trying to discern any clues.

Meanwhile, the temporarily blocked wave, as if retreating into dormancy, fell silent upon returning to the sea.

But what followed next was a rain of thousands of black fire meteors.

Almost as if they possessed intelligence, these meteors altered their original trajectory upon seeing the wave’s assault had been thwarted.

They all collectively hurtled toward Congyun City instead.

The sight was so overwhelming that it left the gathered cultivators speechless.

Boom!

The moment the first meteor collided with the protective barrier, the entire Congyun City trembled violently.

What horrified the cultivators even more was that—after just a single impact—fine cracks had already begun to spread across the protective shield.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 645


Within the Congyun Immortal City, the cultivators were instantly thrown into an uproar upon witnessing the scene.

Fortunately, ever since the last time Ten Thousand Immortal Island was raided and taken by the Five Elders Association, the defenses of the rebuilt Congyun City had been reinforced to a level far superior to that of ordinary state-level immortal cities. Its protection was now comparable to that of several central state capitals. As the defensive grand formation shimmered with flowing light, the crack in the barrier vanished in an instant.

Before the people could even breathe a sigh of relief, a second meteorite of flowing fire crashed into the protective barrier once more. This impact was even more intense than the previous one, causing the floating city in the clouds to tremble violently, as if it were about to plummet from the sky at any moment.

What truly filled the crowd with dread, however, was that this black meteorite did not fully dissipate upon impact. Instead, it left behind a viscous, tar-like substance that wriggled and corroded the protective grand formation. Even from a great distance, one could hear the eerie sizzling sounds coming from the outer edges of the array.

"Although the [Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation] of Congyun City is strong, it won’t hold out for long," said Li Fan, who quickly made his assessment as a formation master.

While the grand formation struggled against the corrosive black , countless more streaks of black fire rained down upon Congyun Immortal City. Though the Immortal Ancestor Statue continuously emitted bursts of violet radiance to intercept some of the incoming fire, many of them still managed to bombard the city unimpeded.

In an instant, Congyun Immortal City swayed like a lone leaf caught in a violent storm, teetering on the brink of destruction.

At that moment, Immortal Lord Hongxi finally displayed the decisiveness expected of a ruler of an entire prefecture.

He transformed into a towering giant, standing as high as the heavens, and intercepted the countless black fireballs. At the same time, he issued a cold, commanding order:

"Activate the entire [Transformation Grand Formation] of the Congyun Sea area! Draw power from all surrounding nodes and ensure Congyun Immortal City remains in peak condition!"As he spoke, he cast a mystical seal, sending it soaring toward the highest point of the city.

For a brief moment, silence fell over the entire Congyun Immortal City. Most cultivators did not understand the full implications of Immortal Lord Hongxi’s words, but those who did turned pale in an instant.

Li Fan, too, narrowed his eyes as he looked at Hongxi, who had a resolute expression on his face, and silently praised him:

"Such boldness!"

Having studied formations for countless lifetimes, Li Fan had an in-depth understanding of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s defensive system. Each guardian city was equipped with protective formations. Within each state, a floating celestial capital served as the core, linking together hundreds of smaller defensive formations into a vast state-wide formation.

Moreover, throughout the territory of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, the state-wide formations were interconnected, forming an immense and terrifying array that covered nearly half of the Xuanhuang Realm.

A layered system—endlessly intricate, immeasurably powerful!

The defensive formation of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was replaced every five hundred years. In the past, Li Fan had once seen the remnants of an older array, the "Ten Thousand Mile Rivers-Mountains Formation," on a sunken island. However, the alliance was currently using the "Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation."

Although its defensive strength was slightly weaker than the previous formation, it possessed an irreplaceable ability—

It could absorb the life essence of all beings within the formation to enhance its power!

Thus, Immortal Lord Hongxi’s intent was crystal clear.

He planned to fully activate the Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation, drawing in the life essence of all living beings still surviving on the remaining islands of Congyun Sea area—sacrificing them to maintain the protective barrier of Congyun Immortal City.

From a purely logical standpoint, this decision was not wrong. After all, in the face of such a catastrophe, Congyun Immortal City was the only place that could still barely hold out, while all other islands were doomed to be reduced to ashes in an instant.

By sacrificing those who were already destined to perish, the formation might be strengthened just enough to grant the cultivators within Congyun Immortal City a sliver of hope for survival.

But...

Being annihilated by the Wrath of Heaven and Earth and being slaughtered by one’s own people were two completely different things.

Not everyone had the resolve to make such a cold and ruthless decision—to treat the lives of their fellow brethren as nothing more than expendable fuel.

So, after Immortal Lord Hongxi’s words spread, the cultivators of the Formation Hall remained silent and motionless.

Hongxi himself also seemed to lack the courage to repeat the order. His expression was grim as he watched the protective barrier on the verge of collapse, yet he did not issue another command.

"I shall lend you a hand."

A sharp glint flashed in Li Fan’s eyes. His clone soared into the air and shouted loudly, "What are you all waiting for? This is a matter of life and death! Just follow orders! All consequences will be borne by Lord Hongxi and me alone!"

Hongxi glanced at Li Fan with some surprise.

The cultivators of the Formation Hall also exchanged glances, gritted their teeth, and finally made up their minds.

One after another, talisman seals flew toward the various nodes of the Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation. The protective shield suddenly erupted with brilliance.

It was as if time had frozen for an instant. In the next moment, endless spiritual energy surged in from all directions. The purple barrier instantly became as solid as a tangible entity, effortlessly blocking the impact of the black firestorm.

The violent tremors ceased, replaced by continuous muffled explosions.

For now, the crisis was averted, yet the surviving cultivators of Congyun City showed little joy on their faces. Because along with the drastic enhancement of the Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation, the air was filled with agonized wails and curses. On the glowing barrier, horrifying scenes were faintly visible—humans being drained of all their vital energy in an instant, reduced to skeletons.

It was like a purgatory on earth, chilling to the bone.

"Though we can protect ourselves for now, this is not a long-term solution. All contact with headquarters has been severed. Staying here is nothing more than waiting for death."

"I intend to go out and confront this Spirit of Heaven and Earth. I leave this place in your hands!"

Immortal Lord Hongxi paid no heed to the terrifying spectacle surrounding him and transmitted his voice to Li Fan.

Then, he gazed into the distance toward the impact site of the black meteor and took a step forward.

His figure flickered rapidly, vanishing from everyone's sight in the blink of an eye.

With the departure of Immortal Lord Hongxi, the cultivators who had just regained their composure became anxious again. Fortunately, Lord Secret Envoy was still present, allowing them to retain some measure of reassurance.

Li Fan, however, maintained a cold expression, staring intently at the center of Congyun Sea, patiently waiting.

Time passed slowly. As the first wave of black firestorm was completely repelled, the apocalyptic crisis seemed to have subsided. The once-raging Congyun Sea gradually calmed, leaving only the thick, sticky black substance clinging to the protective barrier—evidence of the catastrophe that had just unfolded.

Yet, this unnatural calmness carried the ominous tension of an approaching storm.

Li Fan sensed something was amiss.

"Ink Flame isn’t there?"

Sensing the rapid return of Immortal Lord Hongxi, Li Fan swept his gaze across the sky, then toward the deep sea.

It seemed as though some terrifying calamity was brewing beneath the waves.

Plop!

A single air bubble suddenly surfaced.

Then, a fish corpse—its belly upturned as if it had been boiled—floated to the surface.

And then—

In an instant, the entire Congyun Sea seemed to boil.

Countless bubbles surged violently, accompanied by the floating corpses of innumerable sea creatures.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 646


In past lifetimes, the Crimson Flame boiled the sea, taking more than a dozen years to completely incinerate the Congyun Sea.

Yet now, the Ink Flame had descended for less than half a day, and it had already brought the entire Congyun Sea to a rolling boil.

Billowing steam continuously surged upward, forming dense mist like floating clouds above the sea.

At this rate, in just a few days, the Congyun Sea would be completely dried up!

The difference between the Crimson Flame and the Ink Flame was evident at a glance.

"But compared to Ink Death’s terrifying power that can obliterate everything, it's still somewhat lacking," Li Fan observed the churning, boiling sea below, contemplating silently.

Just then, Immortal Lord Hongxi had already flown back.

"The earth veins!"

Without further words, he swiftly formed a series of complex hand seals, activating the Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation.

The scene within the light screen shifted, and an enormous, glowing web appeared before everyone.Li Fan immediately noticed that the outermost edges of this web were already tainted black!

Suddenly, realization dawned upon him.

The Ink Flame had been utilizing the vast, ceaselessly flowing earth veins scattered throughout the Congyun Sea, rapidly transmitting its scorching heat to every corner of the sea.

"No wonder it never showed itself. Not only is its martial strength on another level, but even its intelligence has evolved?"

"Extract the earth veins and force it to reveal itself!" Immortal Lord Hongxi’s face flashed with a ruthless glint as he commanded coldly.

The earth veins are the very foundation of the land. If they were damaged, the terrain of the entire region would be upheaved, potentially leading to unpredictable and eerie changes. It might even become completely uninhabitable for cultivators.

This was an absolute last resort. Even if they survived the calamity, they would not escape the punishment of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

But at this moment, having already committed the act of "slaughtering their own kin," the cultivators no longer cared about such consequences.

The Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation, originally linked to various earth vein nodes, was now reversed—starting to extract power directly from the earth veins.

Hummm…

Before long, a strange sound echoed in everyone’s ears.

It was as if the earth itself was toppling, mountains fracturing apart.

The already boiling sea grew even more violent. The Congyun Sea surged with monstrous waves, and dark storm clouds gathered from an unknown source, rolling in from the sky.

The howling wind roared, the ocean trembled.

Before the overwhelming might of heaven and earth, every cultivator in Congyun City turned pale as death, their bodies trembling uncontrollably.

However, infused with the yellowish earth vein power, the protective formation of Congyun City became even more solid and unyielding. Amidst the world-shaking destruction, it stood firm like an unshakable fortress in a storm, offering a sliver of hope to the cultivators.

The waves grew even fiercer.

As the surface of the Congyun Sea continued to recede, parts of the shallow seabed began to emerge.

But unlike a normal seabed covered in sediment, this one was entirely shrouded in a layer of an unknown black substance.

It was as if the rocks had been completely incinerated to ash.

"Even if we survive this disaster, it'll take at least several decades—maybe even centuries—for the Congyun Sea to recover."

Many cultivators, witnessing the scene, sighed in lament.

Yet, seeing that the Ink Flame had still not revealed itself, Immortal Lord Hongxi hardened his resolve completely.

"Continue—do not stop!"

The rumbling sound of the seabed fracturing echoed as the Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation continued operating at full power.

Boom!

It seemed to have reached a critical threshold, as fiery magma suddenly erupted from the ocean floor.

Then, as if triggering a chain reaction, volcanic flames burst forth across the entire Congyun Sea, with lava shooting toward the sky.

A thousand fiery dragons soared, scorching the heavens and earth.

Amid the distorted air, a figure half-red and half-black silently emerged beneath Congyun City.

"So, you've finally come out?"

A flash of killing intent and greed flickered in Immortal Lord Hongxi's eyes before his figure vanished.

In the next moment, he transformed into a continuous mountain range, encircling the entity at the center.

"That is..."

"Crimson Flame! The Spirit of Heaven and Earth, Crimson Flame!"

Witnessing the evolved form of Crimson Flame, the cultivators were all thrown into a frenzy.

Even though they had already seen its terrifying power—capable of incinerating the sea with a mere gesture—it did nothing to quell their burning desire.

"So it wasn't a meteor catastrophe, but rather the descent of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth!"

"Indeed! This is a great opportunity!"

"Sacrificing the Spirit of Heaven and Earth can grant us an instant breakthrough to Dao Integration!"

Within just a few breaths, the cultivators were consumed by greed. Some began rallying others to hunt down Crimson Flame together.

Others, having completely lost their minds, rushed toward Crimson Flame like moths to a flame.

As expected, before they could even approach, they were reduced to ashes by the intense heat.

"It's still Crimson Flame, not Ink Flame?"

Li Fan paid no heed to their deaths, instead fixating on the half-red, half-black mutated Crimson Flame, lost in thought.

His clone felt the same surge of greed.

However, unlike in previous lifetimes, where the mere sight of Crimson Flame nearly made him lose his sanity, this time was different.

Without consciously activating the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra, the greed from his clone dissipated on its own.

Like snow melting into water, it only caused faint ripples, leaving no real impact on him.

"Immortal techniques are truly extraordinary. Not only does my main body remain clear-minded, but even a clone thousands of miles away is unwavering."

Li Fan sighed inwardly.

Still, to avoid exposing himself, he feigned being deeply captivated by the Spirit of Heaven and Earth, struggling to restrain himself.

His eyes turned bloodshot, veins bulging, his body rigid.

He wanted to see—where did Immortal Lord Hongxi find the courage to face Crimson Flame alone?

After all, in the previous life, even a weakened version of Crimson Flame had been too powerful. Hongxi and several other Soul Transformation cultivators together were no match for it.

Let alone this black-red version in this life.

Without some secret weapon, Immortal Lord Hongxi would surely be instantly annihilated.

But clearly, Hongxi was not a reckless fool.

Under Li Fan’s watchful gaze, Hongxi flew toward Crimson Flame.

A towering mountain range materialized, momentarily trapping Crimson Flame. At the same time, Hongxi raised a small rectangular mirror and aimed it at Crimson Flame!

"That is..."

Li Fan’s pupils contracted sharply.

"Xuantian Sealing the Spirit!" Hongxi roared.

A radiant blue light shot forth from the mirror, striking Crimson Flame directly.

As if struck by a powerful gust of wind, Crimson Flame’s translucent body flickered unsteadily.

Yet despite its overwhelming might just moments ago, it was utterly powerless against this blue light!

As though inherently restrained, a look of astonishment appeared on Crimson Flame's face, and its body froze instantly!

A look of ecstasy surged onto Hongxi's face.

"This is bad!"

Li Fan’s heart sank.

"Could it be that in this life, Hongxi will actually succeed in Dao Integration so easily?"

He hadn’t expected that after returning from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters, Immortal Lord Hongxi would wield such a terrifying weapon—the Xuantian Sealing Spirit.

And in the face of this technique, the Spirit of Heaven and Earth was unbelievably feeble!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 647


As the green pillar of light restrained Crimson Flame, countless thin threads split off from the mirror Hongxi held high. These threads, like long needles, pierced into Crimson Flame’s body.

Crimson Flame’s black-and-red body trembled violently, like a flickering candle in the wind.

Li Fan keenly noticed that the green threads seemed to be absorbing something. Crimson Flame’s body was gradually shrinking, and it's aura was continuously weakening.

Crimson Flame struggled desperately to break free, but it was like an insect caught in a spider’s web—the more he resisted, the tighter the threads wrapped around him.

The massive green net firmly locked Crimson Flame in place.

The sight of his current miserable state starkly contrasted with Li Fan’s past-life memories, where even in defeat, Crimson Flame had at least displayed the combat strength of a Dao Integration powerhouse imbued with the power of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth.

"The power of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth comes from the heavens and the earth. The Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation, however, can replace the heavens and sever his connection to the world. No wonder Crimson Flame is so utterly powerless," Li Fan thought to himself as he observed Crimson Flame’s tragic condition.

"But I wonder… will this formation be able to suppress Ink Death as well? If Ink Death is still sacrificed and refined, will the heavens respond by sending an even stronger incarnation of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth?"

Just as everyone in Congyun Sea thought the battle was already decided, a colossal hand suddenly emerged from beneath the ocean’s surface.

In the blink of an eye, the five fingers closed together, capturing both Hongxi and Crimson Flame in its grasp!"Tianyang!" Li Fan instantly recognized the origin of the giant hand.

However, this time, Tianyang did not shout his signature phrase, ‘Tianyang’s life—never weaker than others!’ Instead, he had silently lurked beneath the battlefield, waiting for the perfect moment.

Like a cunning predator, he had swooped in to capture them both in one fell swoop.

"You court death!" Hongxi’s expression changed drastically upon realizing Tianyang’s ambush.

He maintained the Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation while simultaneously commanding layers of mountain-like formations to crash into the five imprisoning fingers around him.

"Boom!"

To Hongxi’s shock, the massive hand did not even attempt to resist his attack. It allowed the manifested mountains to crash into it directly. Yet, at the moment of impact, those towering peaks—indistinguishable from real mountains—shattered as if they had struck something a hundred times harder.

They crumbled into dust on the spot.

Immortal Lord Hongxi’s body trembled slightly. The immense counterforce almost caused him to lose control of the Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation.

Sensing a glimmer of hope, Crimson Flame immediately ceased his struggles.

Instead, he withdrew and conserved his strength, waiting for Hongxi to expose another opening.

“Damn it!” Hongxi cursed under his breath after suffering an unexpected setback. He chose to momentarily ignore Tianyang’s giant hand and instead focused all his efforts on the Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation, accelerating the refining of Crimson Flame.

However, Tianyang—who had been greatly enhanced by Li Fan’s relentless efforts—had evidently grown more intelligent. He was no longer just a brute relying on sheer force.

The five fingers of the enormous hand suddenly turned crimson, as if molten lava flowed within them. Some of the lava even seeped from the puppet’s body, freely circulating and forming intricate patterns.

Like fiery dragons soaring through the air, these streams of lava swiftly arranged themselves into a complete formation, trapping both Hongxi and Crimson Flame within.

“The Earth-Fire Return to Origin Formation!” Li Fan’s eyes flickered with sharp insight.

“It seems Tianyang’s transformation is quite significant. He’s no longer just relying on brute force but has actually learned to use formations!”

“Hongxi was too greedy. He had plenty of time to evade while the formation was taking shape, but he refused to give up on the Spiri of Heaven and Earth he had already captured.”

"Now, it’s just a matter of who’s faster. Will Hongxi drain and kill Crimson Flame first, advancing to the Dao Integration realm? Or will Tianyang absorb Hongxi entirely and ascend to become a Dao Integration Immortal Sage…”

With an amused expression, Li Fan watched the three-way standoff in the sky, ready to enjoy the show.

However, some of the cultivators within Congyun City could no longer sit still.

"The Spirit of Heaven and Earth belongs to the virtuous! Fellow Daoists, the opportunity to defy fate and change destiny is right before our eyes!"

Encouraged and incited by those with ulterior motives, dozens—if not hundreds—of cultivators could not resist the temptation in their hearts. One after another, they launched attacks on the three who were locked in a standoff, hoping to become the lucky one who would reap the benefits and ascend to greatness in a single step.

Li Fan noticed that He Zhenghao almost lost control as well. He had already flown forward, but for some reason, he suddenly came to his senses halfway and turned back.

"Wait a little longer… just a little longer."

Li Fan heard him mumbling under his breath.

His tightly shut eyes and trembling body clearly showed that he was desperately suppressing his own desires at this moment.

Li Fan chuckled and shifted his gaze back to Tianyang and the others.

The Earth-Fire Return to Origin Formation had already been pushed to its limit by Tianyang. Columns of magma erupted continuously from the seabed beneath Congyun, forming a spectacular scene of fire dragons surging through the ocean. Li Fan knew that Tianyang was exerting his full strength to harness the power of the Congyun Earth-Fire.

Ordinarily, Earth-Fire was bound to and restricted by the earth’s veins, making it nearly impossible for cultivators to control it so easily.

However, earlier, in order to force out Crimson Flame, Immortal Lord Hongxi had activated the Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation, completely destroying the earth veins of Congyun Sea.

As a result, the Earth-Fire magma lost its restraints and raged like a wild horse, allowing the Earth-Fire Return to Origin Formation to function at twice its normal effectiveness.

From a certain perspective, this was a case of cause and effect—Immortal Lord Hongxi was digging his own grave.

Noticing that his energy was depleting even faster than Crimson Flame’s, Hongxi’s expression kept shifting.

At this moment, if he withdrew the Xuantian Sealing Spirit Mirror and gave up suppressing Crimson Flame, focusing entirely on the situation at hand, he might be able to escape from the Earth-Fire Return to Origin Formation.

However, the Xuantian Sealing Spirit Mirror could only be used once. After activation, the mirror would turn into an ordinary object. To use it again, he would have to return to the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance headquarters to request a recharge.

This meant that if he interrupted the process now, all his previous efforts would be wasted.

He might be able to save his life, but achieving Dao Integration? That would be out of the question.

On the other hand, if he fought to the death, there was indeed the risk of losing his life—but there was also a chance of breaking through to the Dao Integration realm! If he succeeded, the heavens and earth would be vast before him, and his fate would be forever changed!

With a ferocious expression, Immortal Lord Hongxi made his final decision in an instant.

Blazing streaks of light shot out from his body, attacking the Earth-Fire Return to Origin Formation, attempting to slow down his own refinement and absorption process.

Meanwhile, Hongxi’s eyes were filled with unwavering determination. He cast aside all distractions, focusing solely on controlling the Xuantian Spirit Sealing Formation to suppress and refine Crimson Flame.

Time passed, second by second.

Crimson Flame’s body grew dimmer and dimmer.





It had become almost completely transparent, as if it could disappear from the world at any moment.

"Die for me!"

Hongxi roared, transforming into a golden-brown beam of light and charging at Crimson Flame without hesitation.

At the same time, the Xuantian Spirit Sealing Formation erupted with its most dazzling radiance.

Green and yellow intertwined like a sharp blade, about to pierce fiercely into Crimson Flame’s body.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 648


At that moment, Crimson Flame, who had seemingly given up struggling and was silently awaiting death, suddenly lifted his head.

On his blurred and flickering face, a mocking smile seemed to emerge.

Then, in an instant, his body, originally a mix of black and red, turned completely pitch black!

Like ink dripping into a pool of water, the surrounding space was instantly dyed into a deep darkness!

Li Fan’s mind trembled violently.

Even the surviving cultivators, who had once gazed at Crimson Flame with greed in their hearts, were now completely engulfed in fear.

Because what they sensed as the Spirit of Heaven and Earth – Crimson Flame had, without warning, transformed into the Spirit of Heaven and Earth – Ink Death!

“What is happening?!”

Not only were the onlookers overwhelmed with panic, but even Li Fan himself was filled with shock.

“The Spirit of Heaven and Earth… can switch between one another? Ink Death can replace Crimson Flame instantly without requiring his death?”Li Fan’s heartbeat accelerated, his mind racing. What he witnessed today felt as though it had opened a completely new door before him.

Amid this sudden and drastic change, Hongxi, who had just risked everything in a desperate strike, was the first to bear the brunt of it.

His once resolute and determined expression turned into sheer terror and despair.

But there was no turning back—the arrow had already left the bow. He could no longer stop himself as he charged straight into the ink-black domain surrounding Ink Death.

There was no earth-shattering explosion. No dazzling bursts of light.

There was only the soundless dissolution—like snowflakes melting into water—as Hongxi’s entire body disappeared without a trace.

Ink Death tilted his head slightly, the corners of his mouth curling into an eerie smile.

Above, the sky gave birth to a strange phenomenon.

“Soul Transformation cultivator Hong Xi—

Seven hundred and sixty-three years of cultivation.

Established his Dao foundation through the Five Elements Mountain.

Formed his Golden Core with the laws of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth.

Devoured the Hundred Ridge Cave-Heaven to condense his Nascent Soul.

Drew from Taihua’s Thousand Rising Peaks to transform his soul.

Now, struck by divine retribution—his Dao vanishes, returning to the heavens.”

The sky trembled as vast mountain ranges collapsed, signifying the fall of Immortal Lord Hongxi, the once-dominant Nascent Soul cultivator of the Cloud Sea Region.

From the moment Ink Death appeared, Tianyang had already sensed the danger.

Although he had vowed never to be weaker than anyone in his lifetime, that did not mean he would throw his life away in vain.

Without hesitation, he activated the Earth-Fire Return to Origin Formation to its full extent, sacrificing the integrity of the formation to trigger a massive eruption.

As the earth’s molten lava raged, Tianyang attempted to sever his own hand and escape.

Even as his severed hand remained to restrain Ink Death, his true body had already begun to flee in secret.

However, no matter how fast he was, he was still slower than Ink Death.

The blazing lava had not even reached Ink Death before it was tainted, transformed into fine, pitch-black particles.

Like a drop of ink falling into the world, the darkness spread rapidly.

Tianyang had barely gotten far before the ever-expanding ink-black domain caught up to him.

Unlike Hongxi, who had been silently dissolved, Tianyang’s demise was accompanied by crackling flames and agonizing creaks that echoed from within the darkness.

Even as the inky void spread further outward, signs of Tianyang’s desperate struggle could still be faintly seen in the center.

But in the end, it seemed only to prolong his suffering.

Before long, all disturbances ceased completely—the pitch-black domain fell into an eerie stillness.

Li Fan’s eyelids twitched violently.

He had fortified Tianyang’s body with materials, including the legendary Eternal Tribulation Gold, said to be indestructible across countless calamities.

Originally, he had hoped that Tianyang might at least endure a couple of exchanges against Ink Death.

But the result...

“The gap is simply too vast. Ink Death…”

“…is truly terrifying.”

Even though Li Fan had witnessed battles between Heavenly Doctor, the Grand Sage, and others, the sight of Ink Death’s power still sent a chill through his heart.

“And this time… Ink Death seems even more ‘alive’ than before?”

He wasn’t sure if it was just his imagination, but as he stared at that ever-expanding abyss of darkness in the sky, a strange realization dawned upon him.

As for the other cultivators in Congyun City, they were not merely feeling a slight chill like Li Fan.

The sudden turn of events had left them in complete despair.

In the blink of an eye, the two Soul Transformation cultivators, who had once seemed to hold the upper hand, had both fallen.

The remaining survivors could only tremble in fear, their hearts sinking into the abyss of hopelessness.

Meanwhile, in Congyun City, many cultivators who had been secluding themselves within the Tianxuan Mirror were suddenly cast out. They wore expressions of utter bewilderment, having no inkling of what was happening.

“Even the Tianxuan Mirror has withdrawn its bestowed power—it appears to have abandoned the Congyun Sea.”

“What is meant to come will come.”

Li Fan looked around at the cultivators—crying out in despair and exposing their pitiable state—and thought as such.

After the fall of Tianyang, the spreading of the ink traces gradually slowed. Reappearing in human form, Ink Death’s gaze swept over everyone in Congyun City. Every cultivator who came under his stare found their bodies suddenly stiffened and immobilized, their hearts plunged into profound terror.

Then, perhaps in a mischievous, cat-and-mouse manner, Ink Death did not immediately attack these cultivators; instead, he flickered away, vanishing without a trace. The cultivators, their faces awash with disbelief, assumed that Ink Death had spared them. In that moment, a spark of hope ignited within their hearts. But clearly, that hope was in vain.

High above, black rain began to fall. As the droplets descended to the ground, everything they touched was rendered insubstantial. Soon after, an inky substance—of the same origin—surged forth from the void, devouring everything in its path. Under the watchful eyes of all, the Congyun Sea was slowly disappearing. Ironically, every drop of the black rain avoided the airborne Congyun City, as if to punish the cultivators inside, forcing them to witness the gradual erasure of the Congyun Sea. Ink Death orchestrated it all.

“This Ink Death sure has a twisted sense of humor,” Li Fan mused while staring at the increasingly dark surroundings, his heart growing ever heavier.

The horrifying scene drove the cultivators of Congyun City into complete madness. Realizing that they had no hope of survival, some resorted to self-destruction, ending their own lives; others, with eyes blazing red, unleashed lethal attacks toward the pitch-black expanse outside the city; still others collapsed to the ground, sobbing uncontrollably.

He Zhenghao was among them. His body trembled incessantly as his daughter’s earlier counsel echoed in his mind:

“A terrible calamity—a threat to life.”

“All you need to do is leave the Congyun Sea.”

…

With a look of bewilderment and regret on his face, images of his beloved Heng Ruoshui and his daughter He Xinxin materialized before him.

“I have been so foolish!”

A cascade of memories, like a revolving lantern, flashed through his mind, and He Zhenghao wept bitterly. But then, suddenly, he stopped and bolted in Li Fan’s direction.

“Esteemed Secret Envoy! Please, you must come up with a solution!”

“You surely have some way, don’t you?”

Crawling and stumbling, he reached Li Fan’s side, clinging to his last shred of hope as he pleaded.

Li Fan offered no reply; he silently soared upward into the sky. With a provocative stance aimed at the pitch-black realm beyond Congyun City, the inky darkness of the heavens and earth seemed to come to an abrupt standstill. Then, a figure appeared not far from Li Fan, watching him with keen interest.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 649


Ink Death and Li Fan, separated by the protective light shield of Congyun City’s [Heavenly Origin Transformation Formation], regarded each other from afar.

Their standoff instantly captured the attention of all the surviving cultivators.

Although it was hard to believe that the Secret Envoy could contend with the terrifying “Spirit of Heaven and Earth” before him—a force that had so easily slain two Soul Transformation-stage cultivators—the aura of mystery and the incredible legends surrounding Li Fan, the cultivator of the Ancient Heavenly Mechanism Sect, inevitably rekindled a glimmer of hope in their hearts.

Under the gaze of countless onlookers, Li Fan stood with his arms folded, his voice thundering:

“How dare you, mere fragments of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth, act so presumptuously!

Although my cultivation has not yet been fully restored, I will not tolerate your insolence in my presence!”

Enhanced deliberately by his spiritual power, his voice boomed and echoed throughout Congyun City.

Coupled with his transcendent, solitary demeanor, his domineering words truly exuded the aura of an unparalleled master.

While the cultivators of Congyun City were rendered silent, Ink Death’s reaction was noticeably subtle.

The true nature of Li Fan’s clone was, of course, not hidden from Ink Death. Yet even he had not expected that a cultivator at the Golden Core stage could not only overcome his inner greed and fear but also dare to speak so impertinently to him.Clearly, such a feat was beyond the capabilities of an ordinary cultivator.

Doubting his own judgment, Ink Death stood momentarily stunned—as if Li Fan’s words had struck him with overwhelming force.

“Lord Secret Envoy is mighty!” cheers erupted throughout Congyun City.

But Li Fan paid no heed, his expression grave as he lightly pointed toward where Ink Death stood.

“Flying Star!” he commanded, his voice cold and lethal, utterly devoid of emotion.

Then, a small point of light appeared within the pitch-black domain surrounding Ink Death and soon burst forth with brilliant radiance.

An extremely terrifying force erupted from that light.

Under the shroud of white light, the dense, inky darkness began to fade and dissipate.

As space twisted and trembled, it seemed that a towering, tumultuous wave was rising from the sea of darkness. Ink Death’s body swayed incessantly—like leaves trembling in a wild, gusty wind.

In that instant, all the surviving cultivators, including He Zhenghao, were profoundly shaken.

The might of the Secret Envoy was indeed fearsome.

This never-before-seen divine technique, known as “Flying Star,” was utterly terrifying—so much so that even Ink Death found it hard to withstand.

As they caught sight of a renewed glimmer of hope, the onlookers were both shocked and elated.

However, among everyone present, only Li Fan knew that it was all but an illusion.

He did not actually possess any “Flying Star” divine technique.

The dazzling white light that appeared at his fingertips was merely the effect of the self-detonation of the Immortal City Cave—a remarkable treasure imbued with countless precious materials, including [Annihilating Thunder of Oblivion].

The Immortal City Cave itself was no ordinary artifact. Moreover, during its construction, Li Fan had ordered Zhou Kebao to incorporate various lethal modifications.

When it detonated at its extreme, even a cultivator at the Dao Integration stage, caught off guard, would suffer severe injuries.

Of course, Ink Death’s power was far beyond that of ordinary Dao Integration cultivators.

Thus, this seemingly formidable “Flying Star” could not truly harm Ink Death—it would at most only cause him a bit of trouble.

Li Fan was well aware of this; his intention was merely to delay Ink Death for a moment.

Only then would he unleash his trump card.

Under the cover of the dazzling white light, Li Fan silently retrieved a five-faced, ten-armed statue, and after uttering his final words to it...

Fiercely, he hurled it toward Ink Death.

The secret technique [Sky-Shrouding Hand] enveloped the battlefield, while the [Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword] unleashed an endless cascade of sword light, concealing the surroundings.

"Myriad Phenomena!"

As Li Fan roared in fury, the Five Faces, Ten Hands, and the Manifested Heavenly Sovereign Form had already arrived before Ink Death.

Faced with repeated provocations from a mere Golden Core cultivator, the killing intent in Ink Death's heart had reached its peak.

He decided to stop playing this game of cat and mouse.

Endless black particles coalesced into a black dragon, surging toward the incoming sword light of Li Fan, determined to annihilate this insolent challenger.

In an instant, as the black tide engulfed everything, the sword light imbued with the Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword was forcibly transformed.

Immediately afterward, the wriggling black particles launched a direct attack on the Manifested Heavenly Sovereign Form.

In the next moment—

The Five Faces, Ten Hands shattered with a deafening explosion.

A jade-like delicate arm suddenly emerged, slashing a sword toward Ink Death.

A robed man’s phantom figure lightly waved a dust whisk toward him.

A scholar-dressed white-robed cultivator flung an ancient wooden scroll at Ink Death.

A sleeping infant, with eyes closed, let out a series of wailing cries.

A golden talisman sheet, light as a feather, descended upon Ink Death with crushing weight.

"Now is the moment!"

Li Fan’s clone's eyes shone with brilliance as he crushed a storage ring filled with an immense quantity of Kunpeng essence blood and hundreds of Beast Soul Beads, meticulously crafted within an empire's small-world.

In an instant, waves of blood surged, and demonic aura soared skyward.

A misty purple energy immediately descended from the horizon.

"Still not enough!"

Li Fan then unsealed the divine ability [Kun Devours] from within his true body's core, activating the [Heaven-Devouring Earth-Eating Technique], wildly absorbing the countless top-grade spirit stones stored within the ring.

With this surge, he charged toward the already overstretched limit of his bottleneck—Calamity of Heaven!

"Demonic heretic!"

Just as the western winds carried the purple aura, a cold and merciless voice from Senior Brother Zhang rang out.

Sensing that Li Fan’s clone was about to shatter the Heaven’s Limit, a colossal hand suddenly emerged across the celestial sky.

"Aren't you all fond of hiding in the shadows and scheming? This time, I'll make you tear each other apart!"

A manic expression flashed across Li Fan’s clone as his Golden Core exploded with a thunderous roar.

His human body disintegrated inch by inch, yet his flesh, empowered by immense force, did not immediately disperse.

Eyes filled with a savage glow, his fingers danced rapidly in the void. Before his form could collapse entirely, he wrote a single character: [Chaos (亂)]!

This sequence of actions had already been rehearsed countless times in Li Fan’s mind.

Though it appeared to span an eternity, it all transpired in a single instant.

"Myriad Phenomena!"

Li Fan’s cold shout still echoed in the air.

As the sword light vanished and the shattered Manifested Heavenly Sovereign Form faded, five distinct figures emerged.

Ink Death, who had been brimming with killing intent, now showed a flicker of surprise on his face.

However, he would not retreat.

A boundless black tide surged, colliding with the divine abilities unleashed by the five Longevity Immortal Sovereigns.

Then, another purple lightning bolt tore through the void, striking directly into their battlefield.

The colossal celestial hand in the sky remained indifferent to the chaos below and continued to press downward with overwhelming might.

Meanwhile, Li Fan's final technique—sacrificing his clone to cast the [Chaos] mantra—plunged the battlefield into even greater turmoil and eerie unpredictability.

With so many unforeseen variables arriving in an instant, for the first time, a trace of shock appeared on Ink Death’s face.

Yet he still did not retreat.

The dark tide raged, surging into a towering tsunami, engulfing everything in its path.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 650


In an unknown space.

Five statues with indistinct faces stood in a circle.

Their heads were lowered, gazing at the center.

There, a massive glowing cloud floated in the air.

Within the cloud, faint miniature landscapes of land, mountains, and flowing rivers could be seen.

The cloud was divided into isolated regions of various sizes, with each region containing a tiny floating point of light.

At the edge of this luminous cloud, in a small blue area, black specks were writhing and shifting.

Suddenly, in an instant, this region erupted with various brilliant lights.

Then, as if a violent explosion had occurred, faint tremors rippled outward, spreading across the surrounding cloud.

Like clouds swayed by the wind, the luminous cloud flickered and shifted gently.Soon after, from the turbulent area at the cloud's edge, a vast swath of blackness surged forth.

In a flash, it engulfed everything.

As if some unseen entity had taken a single bite, the entire region was swallowed up in an instant, vanishing entirely from the glowing mass.

At the same time, apart from the statue in the center, whose eyes remained closed and head bowed, the other four statues suddenly opened their eyes.

They all gazed at the now-void region.

A strange atmosphere filled the space.

"Fellow Daoist Yi Xin, what do you think?"

"Hehe, my eyes were dazzled by the flash—I can’t see clearly."

"Some force has disrupted our perception… Wait, could this be…"

"Indeed."

"Impossible."

The space fell into silence.

It seemed they were sensing something.

After a long while, a voice broke the silence again.

"Besides [Chaos], there’s also [Xuanhuang Celestial Palm], [Purple Cloud Dharma Body]…"

"The Xuanhuang Realm hasn’t been this lively in a long time. I do hope this keeps happening," Senior Sister Zhao said lazily.

The other three ignored her.

"Each of us was drawn into activating a divine ability. It must be related to that entity we made a deal with through the [Heaven-Suppressing Alliance]."

"Zhou Qingang, Li Fan?"

"Are they all dead?"

"Heh, how interesting."

"These are mere trivial matters; it could just be a distraction meant to catch our attention. The real issue is—why has [Chaos] reappeared in the Xuanhuang Realm?"

"I'll have my subordinates investigate, but we shouldn't place too much hope in it. There’s something unusual about this."

"That old geezer Immortal Ancestor seems to have disappeared again recently."

"Oh? That reminds me of something amusing, hehe."

…

As the conversation continued, the five statues eventually closed their eyes once more.

Silence returned to the space.

Tianling Prefecture.

Looking toward the Congyun Sea in the distance, the vision in Li Fan's mind suddenly cut off.

He remained silent.

Focusing his senses, he detected no imminent danger.

After a long time, he finally let out a breath and flew swiftly toward the location of the Longevity Valley.

"As I expected, the 'Manifested Heavenly Sovereign Statue' isn’t just a simple communication tool linked to the Five Elders Association."

"Senior Sister Zhao, the robed cultivator, the scholar, the infant, and that invisible golden parchment…"

"They must correspond to the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns of the Five Elders Association."

Li Fan’s eyes flickered with thought.

As the most valuable artifact obtained from his dealings with the Five Elders Association, he refused to believe that the Heavenly Sovereign Statue was merely a transmission device.

Even his own Soul Fragment Jade Slip carried a trace of his divine sense, after all.

Therefore, although the Five Elders Association did not explicitly state it, Li Fan still speculated that the Heavenly Sovereign Statue must contain some of the power of the Five Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns.

Using it to deceive others while simultaneously testing Mo Sha's true strength was a perfect strategy.

"I just don't know whether, after using the Manifested Heavenly Sovereign Statue in this way, my final request—that the Five Elders Association hide my identity, command Samantabhadra True Boat, sneak into the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance through the White Mist Barrier, and create chaos across various locations—will be granted."

Li Fan pondered silently.

According to the Five Elders Association's spies, orders from the Manifested Heavenly Sovereign Statue were almost equivalent to a decree from the Heavenly Sovereigns themselves. As long as it did not threaten the rule of the Five Elders Association, it would be strictly carried out.

However, since it had only been a short time since the peace negotiations between the Five Elders Association and the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, and given that Li Fan had essentially tricked the Five Elders Association, it was uncertain whether all his orders would be implemented.

"No matter what, my goal has already been achieved. With so many forces erupting at once and the Chaos Technique further stirring the pot, everything has turned into an unsolvable mess."

"Even if someone wants to investigate, they likely won’t have the means to do so."

Restored to his original appearance, Li Fan thought to himself.

"The former cultivator of the Heavenly Mechanism Sect, Li Fan, is already dead. The only one who exists now is just an ordinary Nascent Soul cultivator."

Li Fan knew that his mysterious "death" and the sudden disappearance of billions of contribution points from his account would undoubtedly raise many suspicions.

But...

So what?

He was already "dead," and he had died on a battlefield surrounded by powerful figures.

How could they investigate?

Who would dare investigate?

Most likely, the matter would be quietly dismissed.

"As long as I hide in Longevity Valley for a while longer, all of this will be forgotten."

"By then, even if I openly proclaim myself as Li Fan, it probably won’t cause much of a stir."

...

Li Fan's eyes gleamed as he sped toward Longevity Valley.

After about half a month, he finally arrived at his destination.

Within the Essence Devouring White Mist, he located the markings left behind by Elder Liu, broke through the seal, and finally entered Longevity Valley.

A surge of dense wood-attribute spiritual energy washed over him, making Li Fan unconsciously squint his eyes in comfort.

"Young Master, you've arrived!"

Sensing Li Fan's aura, Liu San hurried over to greet him.

"Was everything successful?" he asked.

Li Fan nodded but did not elaborate.

Since Liu San trusted Li Fan deeply, he refrained from asking further questions.

"For the next few years, we will focus on laying low. Unless necessary, do not venture outside. Our priority is refining the Longevity Pill," Li Fan declared, setting the course of action for the near future.

Liu San immediately agreed.

"Apart from the Longevity Pill, I have found several other medicinal pills that could also fetch a high price," Liu San suggested.

"I noticed that New Method Cultivators tend to have highly volatile emotions. Since Longevity Valley has all the necessary herbs, I can take some time to refine the Supreme Emotionless Pill."

Liu San then explained the pill's effects to Li Fan.

It was quite similar to Blue Flame, which Li Fan had previously used. This pill would allow its user to maintain an almost absolute state of rationality.

Not only could it enhance combat performance by up to 200%, but it also had miraculous effects in breaking bottlenecks and achieving enlightenment.

Li Fan was very pleased with this.

"Elder Liu, you are absolutely right. This pill will surely be well-received in the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance."

"However, do not overly pursue high-quality versions. Try to refine ones with lower medicinal potency instead," Li Fan instructed.

"Oh, right."

As if remembering something, Li Fan began introducing Liu San and the others to the existence of the Fallen Immortal Realm.

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 651


"A single glance reflects ten thousand years, and after falling, one becomes a world of their own?!"

"How is this possible?"

Liu San was shocked by the unbelievable reality that Li Fan had just described.

"How could the Xuanhuang Realm have a True Immortal? Why have we never heard of such a thing?"

Even as a Dao Integration expert, upon hearing of the existence of the Fallen Immortal Realm, Liu San's reaction was no better than Li Fan's.

Li Fan smiled and said, "Elder Liu, there is no need for doubt. This matter is absolutely true—I have personally experienced it."

"What my eyes saw was exactly as it was back then. Truly the work of a True Immortal." He shook his head, full of emotion.

Hearing this, Liu San was completely convinced, but his heart grew even more astonished.

Suddenly, as if he had realized something, his eyes flashed with excitement.

"Young Master, you just said that the Fallen Immortal Realm is a true projection of the ancient Xuanhuang Realm. Does that mean that the Medicine King Sect from back then still exists within it?""The old sect master, even you and me, as well as all the other cultivators of the Medicine King Sect..."

"During our exploration, is it possible that we might encounter them?" Liu San’s voice trembled as he slowly asked.

Li Fan pondered for a moment before nodding, giving him a definite answer.

Throughout the history of the Xuanhuang Realm, there were indeed cases where ancient slumbering cultivators entered the Fallen Immortal Realm and encountered another version of themselves.

However, strange phenomena such as "the two cannot meet" or "a mutual resonance" never occurred. At the end of the day, when ancient cultivators arrived in the present, everything from the past was already gone. The Fallen Immortal Realm merely contained a projection of their past selves at a certain moment in time. Other than evoking feelings of nostalgia and sentimentality, seeing another version of oneself was no different from encountering any other being.

Likewise, the "natives" of the Fallen Immortal Realm would not mistake outsiders who entered as mere projections of the past. Even if their appearance and aura were exactly the same, it wouldn’t matter. They would simply assume it was some kind of illusionary technique.

However, Li Fan had once come across a discussion in the [Seeking Immortals] section of the Tianxuan Mirror. It speculated that if a cultivator survived from ancient times to the present and reached an unimaginably profound level of cultivation, they might achieve something called "Eternal Presence, Timeless Freedom."

The so-called Eternal Presence referred to a cultivator transcending the River of Time, allowing them to exist simultaneously in the past, present, and future. Every instance of themselves across time would be the same transcendent being. If such a cultivator projected into the Fallen Immortal Realm, their projection and true self might indeed be considered one and the same.

Though this was only a theoretical concept, it represented the ultimate pursuit of the Dao for cultivators, making it a topic of much fascination.

Some cultivators further argued that if such a being truly existed, they would have long since reversed cause and effect, turning time itself into an unbroken cycle. How could they possibly be captured by a mere glance from a True Immortal and drawn into the Fallen Immortal Realm?

Thus, the idea that the Fallen Immortal Realm’s projections were actually the true selves of people from reality remained a paradox.

Li Fan roughly explained these ideas to Liu San. Though Liu San nodded on the surface, appearing reassured, he was still eager to enter the Fallen Immortal Realm and see for himself.

Seeing this, Li Fan didn't mind. He simply shook his head with a faint smile and then carefully explained the ritual procedure to Liu San.

"Blessings to the Celestial Venerable Of Xuanhuang!"

Without hesitation, Liu San activated the ritual before Li Fan and entered the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Li Fan, however, narrowed his eyes slightly and gazed toward the sky.

Perhaps due to his recent breakthrough in the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra, his perception had become far keener than before.

At the very moment Liu San’s strand of divine consciousness vanished, Li Fan clearly sensed a shadow fleeting across the heavens of the real world.

"That was no illusion... The Fallen Immortal Realm, huh..."

The shadow disappeared from his perception in an instant, but Li Fan’s gaze lingered on the sky for a long time.

Li Fan had spent a long time wandering in the [Seeking Immortals] forum and knew that many cultivators had attempted to find traces of the Fallen Immortal Realm in the real world. However, it was said that without exception, they all failed.

They only knew of its existence and how to enter it.

But they could never observe it.

Yet now, Li Fan, who was merely at the Nascent Soul stage, had unexpectedly broken this pattern.

"My previous experiences in the Fallen Immortal Realm were different from others. I kept reliving certain scenarios in an endless cycle. I never understood the reason before. But now, it seems that it might be closely tied to the Xuanhuang Mantra."

"The True Immortal's legacy... the remnants of a True Immortal’s will… Maybe there really is some connection between the two."

"It’s been a long time since I entered the Fallen Immortal Realm. I hope that with the blessing of the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra this time, I’ll receive some surprises."

Li Fan pondered silently.

However, he did not act immediately. While waiting for Liu San to wake up, he took a stroll around Longevity Valley.

The valley was divided into separate areas by formations, each dedicated to growing different types of spiritual herbs. As expected from a secret realm sealed for a thousand years, even with the formations isolating the area, Li Fan could still feel the abundant vitality emanating from the spiritual fields.

From time to time, cultivators from the Medicine King Sect moved through the valley, using secret techniques to select and harvest the appropriate materials for alchemy.

In the distant open area, he could vaguely see several half-constructed buildings taking shape.

That was the new Medicine King Sect headquarters, being built under Fang Zaiji’s command.

"Quite an imposing sight," Li Fan nodded in admiration.

With the Congyun Sea Conflict settled, it was time to plan for the future.

His main objectives were twofold:

First, he needed to find a way to obtain the latter part of the Mountain Sitting Technique beyond the Nascent Soul stage.

Since the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had not yet enacted the "The Plan of the Heavenly Sovereign of Reality and Illusion" to lure out hidden spies, the Five Elders Association had not been forced to send a Dao Integration powerhouse as a test. As a result, the great battle between the two sides, the scheme against Immortal Sage Jicheng, and his impending death due to lifespan exhaustion had not yet occurred.

Therefore, if Li Fan wanted to acquire the "Audience Law Jade Plaque"—the key to access Law Derivation Jade—he would need to find another method.

Fortunately, he had already made preparations, so this wasn’t a major concern.

His second goal was to accumulate experience and insights for advancing to the Soul Transformation stage. The Nascent Soul stage was essentially the process of cultivating and perfecting one's Cave-Heaven Domain, while the gap between Nascent Soul and Soul Transformation was the key dividing line in a cultivator’s actual combat power.

Take, for example, Immortal Lord Hongxi, who had perished in the Congyun Sea Calamity.

He built his Dao Foundation through the Five Elements Mountain and achieved Golden Core using the five elemental laws—Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, and Earth.

His talent was undeniable, and his initial path was smooth.

However, when it came to the crucial stages of "Seizing the essence of heaven and earth to form a Nascent Soul" and "Extracting the marrow of heaven and earth to obtain divine soul transformation," his promising future took a drastic downturn.

His so-called "Hundred Ridges Cave-Heaven" and "Taihua Giving Birth to a Thousand Mountains" were clearly far inferior in strength.

As a result, Immortal Lord Hongxi's combat power remained unimpressive. He spent his entire life trapped in the remote Congyun Sea, and breaking through any further was nearly impossible.

On the other hand, if Immortal Lord Hongxi had managed to cultivate the Five Elements Great Cave-Heaven to achieve Nascent Soul, how far could his potential have taken him?

........................................................................

Read extra chapters on >>> /SpiritStonetranslation

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 652


With the Five Elements Great Cave-Heaven as a foundation, even if the Marrow of Heaven that Hongxi extracted during his Soul Transformation was unremarkable, his achievements would still be incomparable to today’s standards.

Was it because he didn’t want to?

No, it was simply because he couldn’t.

If rare treasures and heavenly laws could be obtained through personal effort, then at least there would still be some chance to strive for them.

However, by the time a cultivator reaches the Nascent Soul or Soul Transformation stage, acquiring a powerful and precious Cave-Heaven World or Heavenly Marrow is no longer just about diligence. Without a strong family background, sufficient resources, or extraordinary luck, how could one compete with other cultivators?

For an ordinary cultivator, simply securing enough resources to break through is already a great fortune. They have no luxury to pick and choose.

Take Diyi Jinglun, for example—he decisively abandoned the opportunity for Dao Integration when faced with the temptation of the Spirit of Heaven and Earth. Of course, this was partly because he was a peerless genius who looked down on the weak Spirit of Heaven and Earth. However, it was also because, as a high-ranking member of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, the resources and knowledge he controlled were beyond the reach of ordinary cultivators.

The strong can afford to be selective about their path to immortality, carefully weighing every choice, making them even stronger.

Meanwhile, the weak must seize every rare opportunity for advancement, barely scraping by—thus, the weak remain weak.

This is why, from the Nascent Soul Realm onward, the gap between individual cultivators grows increasingly vast.Even within the same realm, instant defeat in battle is not unheard of.

Now, with his breakthrough through the Five Elements Great Cave-Heaven, Li Fan has already reached the pinnacle of the Nascent Soul Realm.

But when it comes to finding a Marrow of Heaven that matches his cultivation, he is still completely lost.

What is the Marrow of Heaven?

Long Jiuyuan used the 'Heavenly Spirit’s Thousand Waters' to achieve Soul Transformation.

Hongxi relied on Taihua’s Thousand Mountains to break through.

From the heaven and earth notices issued upon their deaths, some clues can be inferred.

Just as human marrow produces blood, Marrow of Heaven produces laws.

When a new law appears in the Xuanhuang World, it manifests as a change in nature—the heaven and earth undergoes transformation.

In Tianling Prefecture, thousands of rivers will form over the next few millennia.

In Taihua Prefecture, thousands of mountains will rise in the coming ages.

These are preordained, inevitable changes in Xuanhuang World over a certain region and period.

Extracting the Marrow of Heaven means taking the fundamental laws that drive these natural transformations and drawing them into oneself.

By channeling the immense power of heaven and earth, one can achieve an enormous leap in cultivation and battle prowess.

Furthermore, the initial fusion of heavenly laws within one’s body lays the groundwork for the Dao Integration stage, when a cultivator must sacrifice the Spirit of Heaven and Earth.

"Heaven and Earth transformations take tens of thousands of years. With ordinary perception, cultivators wouldn’t even notice them. But under the new Heavenly Sovereign Laws, one can detect even the subtlest changes—first tearing open a gap, then continuously drawing in and absorbing the world's originally slow-releasing source power at an accelerated rate."

"Though this greatly depletes the world’s potential, for cultivators, it provides a rapid surge in strength."

Li Fan’s mind raced, analyzing everything he had learned.

"The Five Elements Cave-Heaven is self-sustaining, forming a perfect cycle. It is a rare and precious opportunity. If I advance to Soul Transformation and extract the Marrow of Heaven, it must be related to this."

"However, the Five Elements, when manifest in the world, tend to disperse. A single type of Marrow of Heaven will likely correspond to only one elemental attribute."

"Attempting to cultivate multiple laws at the Soul Transformation stage, like during the Golden Core stage, is far more difficult."

Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

Beyond law creation, Marrow of Heaven also possesses immunity and resistance mechanisms.

Once a cultivator has absorbed a particular Marrow of Heaven, attempting to extract another will trigger resistance from the world itself, leading to rejection.

“The more one masters, the greater the repelling force. With each additional type, the difficulty increases almost exponentially. So, for the vast majority of cultivators in this world, extracting even a single type of Marrow of Heaven is already the limit.”

“Even someone as powerful as Long Jiuyuan, who could single-handedly battle the Spirit of Heaven and Earth and ascend to Dao Integration, faced the same challenge. This alone shows how difficult it is.”

“I’m afraid I can, at most, accommodate only two types of Marrow of Heaven at the same time…” Li Fan thought to himself, not blindly overestimating his abilities.

“To achieve a perfect breakthrough, unless…”

A sharp glint flashed in Li Fan’s eyes. “Extracting five different types of Marrow of Heaven simultaneously and utilizing the principle of mutual generation and restriction to achieve self-balancing.”

This was undoubtedly an outlandish idea.

Not to mention the rarity of encountering an opportunity to extract five types of Marrow of Heaven at once—even if such an opportunity arose, the chances of success would be minuscule.

Any rational cultivator would never attempt such a thing.

However, for Li Fan, it was not entirely impossible to try!

In his mind, the Dao Deviation Stone continuously emitted a soft blue glow, systematically integrating all the information he had ever come across, slowly deducing a potential method to realize his idea.

...

More than ten days later, Li Fan sensed Liu San awakening. His figure flickered, and he appeared in front of him.

It seemed that Liu San had spent an incredibly long time in the Fallen Immortal Realm. Just as he returned to the real world, he was still somewhat unaccustomed to it.

A hint of confusion flashed in his eyes.

However, the moment he saw Li Fan, that trace of bewilderment quickly faded.

“Young Master!” Liu San stood up, his expression calm and composed.

“How was it? Did you encounter the alchemists from the Medicine King Sect of the past?” Li Fan asked kindly.

Liu San shook his head.

“Strangely enough, the scene I experienced this time in the Fallen Immortal Realm was not the ancient cultivation world you described, Young Master. Instead, it was a time and space I had never heard of before.”

“In that world, immortal arts had been completely severed, and no cultivators existed anymore. The only way people could wield extraordinary powers was by resonating with ancient artifacts left behind from ages past. They were called something like ‘Divine Weapon Wielders’…”

“And this time, the person I possessed was merely a little brat, no more than seven or eight years old.”

As Liu San recalled the experience, he narrated everything to Li Fan.

“In the end, after enduring countless hardships and experiencing endless bloodshed and slaughter, I finally managed to resonate with the legendary strongest divine weapon.”

“The ‘Immortal Execution Sword’…”

As he spoke, Liu San took out a long sword that radiated a dazzling seven-colored light, yet seemed to exude an endless aura of slaughter.

Li Fan’s gaze sharpened. But after taking a closer look, he couldn’t help but chuckle.

Liu San then remarked, “Quite the grand name. But in truth, it’s nothing more than a Natal Flying Sword forged by a Nascent Soul-stage sword cultivator.”

“It only stood out among a pile of so-called ‘divine weapons’ because it happened to be tainted with a wisp of a fallen cultivator’s lingering soul.”

Liu San glanced at the flying sword before him with some disdain and commented, “The forging technique is crude, and the material is extremely ordinary. What a piece of junk.”

With that, he applied a slight force.

The so-called strongest divine weapon, the ‘Immortal Execution Sword,’ instantly crumbled into dust.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 653


"That was quite an interesting experience," Li Fan said with a slight smile after listening.

"In the Fallen Immortal Realm, apart from the original world, there are countless other derivative time-spaces. This time was just a matter of bad luck. If you still want to try your luck, Elder Liu, you can enter again after some time," Li Fan explained.

Liu San let out a long sigh and said, "I’ve come to terms with it. The past is gone. Even if I were to see him again, so what? In the eyes of the sect master, I am no longer that loyal old servant. I will leave it to fate. It’s better to focus my energy on reviving the Medicine King Sect."

"There are countless opportunities within the Fallen Immortal Realm. Why not let the disciples try their luck as well? Otherwise, keeping them from going out for so long will stifle them," Liu San suddenly suggested.

Li Fan had no objections.

Over the next period, the people of the Medicine King Sect devoted themselves wholeheartedly to building their new sect within Longevity Valley.

The general layout still followed that of the former Medicine King Sect, with structures rising one after another.

Seeing the familiar scene slowly taking shape again before them, Liu San and the disciples were filled with excitement and joy.

Meanwhile, outside their world, something unexpected occurred.

To Li Fan’s surprise, the destruction of Congyun Sea did not cause much of a stir. Logically speaking, the complete annihilation of an entire region should have been an event that cultivators would discuss for a long time.

However, in this lifetime, perhaps due to the sheer magnitude of the disaster, both the suppression of information and the speed at which people forgot the catastrophe far surpassed previous cycles.

Li Fan disguised himself as a passerby and gathered some information, only to find that in less than a month, memories of the countless beings within Congyun Sea had faded from the world.

Even if someone occasionally mentioned it, they only recalled it as something that happened "a long time ago."

"The power of the Carefree Heavenly Sovereign is truly both awe-inspiring and terrifying."

Even as someone who personally witnessed the event, Li Fan’s own memory of it had started to blur. Fortunately, with the secret technique [Transformation of the Divine Dao], he could constantly remind himself of the truth.

Currently, the hottest topic in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was not the destruction of Congyun Sea but rather the sudden emergence of a group of mysterious cultivators from the White Mist.

These attackers looted and destroyed without restraint.

They came and went like the wind, highly trained, and seemed to be extremely familiar with the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. They specifically targeted strongholds and fortresses rich in special resources.

Moreover, they never engaged in prolonged battles. As soon as reinforcements arrived, they would immediately retreat into the White Mist.

The Samantabhadra True Boat, which could greatly reduce the corrosive effects of the Devouring Essence White Mist, was still a rare item within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance. Not every cultivator had access to one. As a result, they could only watch helplessly as these raiders vanished into the mist.

What? Chase them down at all costs?

Fellow Daoist, how much is your yearly salary? Why would you risk your life for this?

Just report it, and let the officials handle it.

As a result, in no time, the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was flooded with reports of attacks from various regions.

Naturally, the Alliance was furious.

Since the establishment of its dominance over half of the Xuanhuang Realm, it had never experienced such blatant humiliation on its own territory.

In response, they dispatched specialized cultivators to investigate the attacked locations.

However, the attackers were incredibly experienced, leaving behind no traces or evidence.

Instead, they simply avoided the areas where investigation teams were stationed and continued their attacks elsewhere, striking like phantoms.

Such open provocation completely enraged the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Squads of black-clad cultivators, brimming with killing intent, were transported to various regions via teleportation formation. They vowed to capture these criminals at all costs.

Yet, after this large-scale deployment, the raiders vanished entirely, as if they had never existed.

The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had prepared extensively, only to punch empty air. It was beyond frustrating!

Eventually, they had no choice but to continue patrols in various regions for a while. After capturing a few suspicious rogue cultivators as scapegoats, they hastily concluded the operation.

As for the true identities of these raiders, the first suspect in the eyes of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance was naturally the Five Elders Association.

However, accusations of this magnitude required evidence—especially since such claims could easily reignite a war between the two factions.

Before the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance could make any statement, the Five Elders Association had already spoken.

They expressed regret and sympathy for the attack suffered within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s territory. Furthermore, they proposed, in the spirit of the mutual agreement for peaceful coexistence, that if the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had any difficulties handling the matter, the Five Elders Association could send specialists to assist in the investigation.

There was no way the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance would agree to this. They strongly suspected that the attacks had been orchestrated by the Five Elders Association, who were now feigning concern just to further disgust them.

However, since they had not been able to find any conclusive evidence, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance could do nothing but silently suffer the loss.

Not only could they not retaliate against the Five Elders Association, but they also had to begrudgingly express gratitude for their concern.

In this round of confrontation, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance suffered a complete defeat.

As a direct consequence, the alliance started taking the Samantabhadra True Boat, which could freely traverse the White Mist, much more seriously.

Orders were issued requiring every province to be equipped with a sufficient number of these vessels, along with regular patrols by cultivators outside the White Mist Barrier to guard against future sneak attacks.

To prevent another ambush.

This, in turn, led to a short-term surge in the price of Samantabhadra True Leaves, which had long remained at a low value.

Those cultivators who had been trapped in their investments finally made a significant recovery.

"Since they rule through contracts, it seems that the Five Elders Association does keep their word," someone remarked.

"But they’ve also gained quite a lot this time."

Scanning through the estimated property losses circulated privately among the people, Li Fan smiled and thought to himself.

"With such a dramatic event, the matters of Congyun Sea are nearly forgotten."

"Probably in another year, once the atmosphere calms down, I can gradually send the disciples of Medicine King Sect back to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance."

Letting out a deep breath, Li Fan adjusted himself to his optimal state before stepping into the newly constructed sect’s main hall within the valley.

He performed a talisman seal, activating the entrance to the underground secluded chamber beneath the main hall, and then sealed the doorway behind him.

Taking out an ice-blue pill, it was none other than Liu San’s refined "Supreme Emotionless Pill". Li Fan consumed it.

A familiar sensation surged through him as he initiated the ritual.

"Blessings to the Celestial Venerable Of Xuanhuang!"

He muttered softly. The next moment, a slight dizziness washed over him.

However, unlike before, he did not immediately enter the Fallen Immortal Realm. Instead, it felt as though he had arrived in a distorted transparent bubble.

In front of him, two constantly flickering scenes appeared.

Both were familiar to Li Fan.

One was [Ningyuan's Longevity Fruit], and the other was [The Beast-Taming Sect’s Upheaval]—both events he had previously experienced in the Fallen Immortal Realm!

"So, I can freely choose which scene to enter… Is this the effect of the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra?" Li Fan mused.

Without much hesitation, he chose to return to the [Beast-Taming Sect’s Upheaval] scene.

In an instant, the light and shadow in front of him surged toward him.

The surroundings became clearer.

"Sigh, I wonder when Senior Brother Lu Ya will return."

A slightly dejected voice from Xu Ke reached Li Fan’s ears.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 654


Under the instinctive power of his possessed body, Li Fan struck Xu Ke with a claw.

Memories flooded into his mind naturally.

Since their return to the Beast-Taming Sect from the Sacred Beast Mountain of Nanming, Li Fan and Xu Ke had learned that both Emperor Sanmo and Senior Brother Lu Ya had gone out on important matters and were nowhere to be found.

As a result, the rewards promised for their mission could not be fulfilled, which Xu Ke had been complaining about ever since.

Of course, in Li Fan’s view, Xu Ke’s concern stemmed more from his pure longing for Senior Brother Lu Ya. After all, both were orphans from the Xuantian Temple in Ningyuan City and had joined the Beast-Taming Sect together. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that they were like family, relying on each other for survival.

Ignoring Xu Ke’s grumbling, Li Fan closed his eyes and focused on cultivating the Creation Furnace Technique.

It was indeed a perfect technique, modified by Mr. Bai himself. Ever since he had begun cultivating it, not only had his physical body become increasingly powerful, but his essence, energy, and spirit had also surged daily. Even if he stayed awake for days without rest, he wouldn’t feel the slightest fatigue. More importantly, his Heavenly Fate Black Bird bloodline seemed to have become purer.

Li Fan’s originally jet-black feathers now occasionally reflected a seven-colored radiance under the sunlight, making him appear extraordinarily majestic.

Even Xu Ke couldn’t help but reach out to touch them from time to time—only to be ruthlessly swatted away by Li Fan.

The enhancement of his bloodline brought comprehensive improvements to his abilities.His divine ability, "The Mandate of Heaven is Mine," was now wielded with increasing ease, nourishing Xu Ke’s fortune while simultaneously reinforcing his own. By now, Li Fan had reached the first major breakthrough recorded in his inherited memories—he could form a Mandate Domain within a certain range around himself. This not only allowed him to foresee and avoid danger but also to use destiny itself as a weapon against his enemies.

This was an extraordinary feat.

Among the Heavenly Fate Black Bird clan, only adult black bird over a hundred years old could typically achieve this.

Yet, Li Fan had hatched less than five years ago—he was still a fledgling.

Breaking the growth limitations of spirit beasts demonstrated just how extraordinary Mr. Bai’s Creation Furnace Technique truly was.

"After returning from the Fallen Immortal Realm, everything besides the rewards for fulfilling obsessions will be forgotten—including all learned techniques. I wonder… with the support of the 'Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra,' will this rule be altered?"

Li Fan pondered in silence, immersing himself in the mysteries of the Creation Furnace Technique.

Even if he couldn’t bring the technique back to reality, the countless insights gained from cultivating it were already immensely beneficial.

Thus, even though the storyline of the Fallen Immortal Realm had yet to progress, he remained entirely unbothered, dedicating himself fully to cultivation every day.

Time passed.

On this particular day, deep in meditation, Li Fan suddenly jolted awake.

A wave of unease surged through his heart, and he instinctively looked up at the sky.

Although the sky remained clear and boundless, Li Fan could see an overwhelming aura of death and slaughter spreading across the heavens. It had almost materialized into a tangible force—rolling like dark clouds, shrouding the entire sky.

The oppressive presence was suffocating, terrifying.

"This is…"

"The Dao technique cannot be cultivated in parallel."

A sudden realization struck Li Fan.

Before long, panicked cries erupted from all over the Beast-Taming Sect.

"What’s going on?!"

"The Beast-Control Technique—why does the sect have exactly 36,482 practitioners?"

"No matter how I circulate my cultivation technique, I can’t gain any more spiritual power?!"

"This is absurd!"

The Calamity of Incompatible Cultivation Technique

For the Beast Taming Sect, which primarily cultivates only the Beast Control Technique, was nearly catastrophic.

Almost everyone could foresee that once countless cultivators were trapped at their current cultivation level, with their lifespan nearing its end, they would resort to extreme measures in a desperate attempt to survive.

As a result, the disciples of the Beast Taming Sect fell into a state of immense panic. In an instant, they distanced themselves from one another, their eyes filled with suspicion toward the senior and junior brothers and sisters they once held dear.

For now, due to the lingering rationality and conscience of the disciples, no one had resorted to violence.

Even with the Sect Master and the elders personally stepping forward to calm the situation, they were unable to halt the spread of fear that continued to fester within the sect.

Gradually, some disciples could no longer endure the pressure and began to secretly flee. Meanwhile, others, pushed to their mental limits, had bloodshot eyes and showed signs of hysteria.

It was like a powder keg, ready to be ignited by a single stray spark.

At this critical moment, Emperor Sanmo and Lu Ya returned.

"Did you bring it back?" Upon seeing Xu Ke, Lu Ya was the first to ask.

His expression was calm, showing no trace of panic.

Xu Ke nodded, reaching into the beast pouch in his robe and retrieving a small, slumbering flesh-like creature.

This was the peculiar exotic beast gifted by Emperor Yi—a creature capable of self-division and reproduction.

Upon seeing it, Lu Ya’s expression lightened with joy. He carefully took the small creature, examining it closely for a moment before finally breathing a sigh of relief.

"Senior Brother Lu, what exactly is this little thing for? Why are you so anxious about it?" Xu Ke asked curiously. He knew that Lu Ya was always composed and rarely revealed his emotions, making his reaction particularly unusual this time.

"Heh, this is our hope for overcoming this calamity," Lu Ya replied, his eyes flickering with an indiscernible emotion.

"This thing?" Xu Ke's eyes widened in disbelief.

"You’ll understand in due time," Lu Ya said before hastily departing, leaving behind a bewildered Xu Ke and a thoughtful Li Fan.

Three days later, the Beast Taming Sect’s Sect Master convened a grand sect meeting to address the calamity that had descended upon the world and to announce a series of plans:

To prevent mutual slaughter caused by the incompatibility of cultivation techniques, the Sect Master took the lead in dispersing the Beast Control Technique, requiring all disciples to follow suit—retaining only their cultivation base.

The entire Beast Taming Sect would evacuate from the main world of Xuanhuang in batches, relocating to designated small pocket realms for refuge.

Since the strength of Beast Taming Sect cultivators primarily lay in the spirit beasts they controlled, dispersing their own cultivation techniques would not significantly weaken their actual combat ability. Though slightly affected, they could still fight effectively.

Moreover, the spirit beasts raised by the disciples were carefully nurtured from birth, forming deep bonds with their masters. Even without the Beast Control Technique, the disciples could still command their beasts.

This plan successfully averted the danger of internal conflict, so there was little opposition. Those who initially refused eventually relented once the Sect Master personally led by example.

As for how they could disperse their techniques without affecting their cultivation base…

Li Fan watched as Xu Ke muttered incantations, and in an instant, his entire cultivation technique dissipated, leaving behind a purely refined cultivation base stored in his dantian.

"The Supreme Primordial True Scripture?"

Having seen this method before, Li Fan immediately recognized the technique used by the Beast Taming Sect.

"But… they only explained how to operate it, without mentioning its origin."

"What’s going on? As far as I remember, the event where the Immortal Ancestor forcefully seized the 'Supreme Primordial True Scripture' hasn’t happened yet."

"So where did the Beast Taming Sect obtain this technique?"

In that instant, a white-robed figure surfaced in Li Fan's mind.

"Could it be… him?"

[TL :- Changed Emperor One to Emperor Yi as it is more appropriate]

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 655


"The Supreme Primordial True Scripture is a secret art never passed down by the Supreme Sect. How could Mr. Bai possibly know it? Could it be that, just like the Immortal Ancestor, it was forcibly seized? But that's something only Immortal Ancestor could do after defying the heavens and achieving the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign realm. Although Mister Bai is strong, he doesn't seem to have reached the Longevity Immortal realm yet, right?"

A surge of doubt arose in Li Fan’s heart.

Meanwhile, within this brief moment, Xu Ke had already dissipated the energy of his own Beast Control Technique.

"Xiao Hei, look! This is amazing! My cultivation is really still within my dantian!" Xu Ke excitedly shouted toward Li Fan.

Hearing Xu Ke’s words, Li Fan no longer felt the same sense of closeness as before. Instead, a flash of blood-red flickered across his eyes, and a sudden surge of violent intent arose within him. Driven by instinct, he almost tore the noisy little creature before him into pieces.

Fortunately, the one controlling this body now was not the Black Bird itself but Li Fan. So, after just a brief moment, he regained his composure.

Xu Ke remained completely unaware that he had just brushed past death’s door. Instead, he foolishly rushed forward, patting and touching Li Fan in concern. "Xiao Hei, what’s wrong? You looked so scary just now!"

"It’s best if you stay away from me for now. Otherwise, I can’t guarantee that I’ll be able to hold back next time." Li Fan cast a sidelong glance at Xu Ke, warning him.

As if to confirm Li Fan’s words, the Beast Control Sect was suddenly filled with the sounds of ferocious beast roars and the anguished screams of cultivators.

"We are inherently ferocious by nature and see humans as mere food. It was only the Beast Control Technique that suppressed our instincts before. Now that the restraints have suddenly disappeared, those beasts who have been with their masters for a long time might still have some lingering attachment. But for those that were only recently tamed by ordinary disciples, they will likely turn on their former masters the moment they regain their freedom." Li Fan stated coldly.The disciples' desperate screams continued to echo. Xu Ke glanced outside, seemingly catching sight of the bloody scene, and his face turned pale. "This is terrifying! How could the sect leader and the others not have foreseen this?"

Then, as if switching moods in an instant, he put on his usual playful grin and moved closer. "But I’ve always treated you well, Xiao Hei. I should be safe, right?"

Li Fan remained silent as he felt the violent energy within him—though temporarily suppressed, it hadn’t dissipated at all. At any moment, it could erupt again.

It was at this moment that he finally understood why, according to history, Xiao Hei would eventually part ways with Xu Ke.

Just as he had explained earlier, the nature of demonic beasts is inherently savage, making peaceful coexistence with humans difficult. Even if a bond forms through years of companionship, suppressing their killing instincts time and time again, those instincts will continue to accumulate.

One day, when they can no longer be restrained, that so-called bond will prove to be as fragile as paper.

Moreover, the vast power disparity between demonic beasts and the disciples of the Beast Control Sect meant that if such a loss of control occurred, the cultivators would be left with only one fate—death.

"Could this be the root of the Beast Control Sect’s Great Upheaval? Because the Heavenly Fate Black Bird, Xiao Hei, was unable to control his murderous instincts, he ultimately parted ways with his master Xu Ke, never to meet again?"

"If that’s the case, then perhaps this time, there is a way to resolve its obsession." A thought suddenly surfaced in Li Fan’s mind.

With the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra within him, Li Fan’s self-control far surpassed that of any demonic beast. He was confident that, no matter how violently the murderous intent surged like a raging tide, his willpower would remain an unbreakable dam, keeping it tightly sealed.

As his thoughts shifted, Li Fan chose not to answer Xu Ke’s question directly.

Instead, he sneered. "That Emperor Sanmo claims to be a beast of supreme wisdom. With him around, how could he not have considered this exact outcome?"

"Then still…" Upon hearing this, Xu Ke's eyes widened in shock.

"The great calamity has just begun, and one of the Ten Great Immortal Sects, the Beast Taming Sect, is already preparing to flee. If word of this spreads, what a devastating blow it would be to the cultivators of the world. The other sects among the Ten Great Immortal Sects will most likely not agree to such an act and will surely step forward to obstruct it."

"Naturally, the cultivation world of the Xuanhuang Realm must be given an explanation. Since the dao technique cannot be cultivated together, disciples have turned against each other, and the sect has suffered heavy losses—what then? After all, the overwhelming stench of blood covering the ground is no illusion."

"This also serves as a perfect cover for evacuating the small world," Li Fan stated matter-of-factly.

Xu Ke involuntarily shivered. "My lord, your mind is truly terrifying."

Then, he stared at Li Fan, his face full of doubt. "But… Xiao Hei, since when did you become so clever? Did you secretly consume some kind of rare heavenly treasure again? That shouldn't be possible—I’ve been keeping an eye on you the entire time..."

Hearing Xu Ke’s words, a surge of violent killing intent arose within Li Fan. He ruthlessly swiped a claw at him to vent a little of his fury before slowly suppressing it.

The turmoil within the Beast Taming Sect lasted for three to four days.

Although many lower-level disciples were killed or injured, the rampaging spirit beasts were soon recaptured and imprisoned. Meanwhile, the core strength of the sect—including elite disciples and various elders—remained largely unaffected.

The plan to evacuate from the Xuanhuang Realm was proceeding in an orderly manner.

During this process, Li Fan also picked up snippets of conversation among the disciples, which revealed another pressing reason for the Beast Taming Sect's desperate retreat—to prevent the spirit beasts from seeking vengeance.

If spirit beasts and humans were two distinct races competing for survival resources, then the relationship between the Beast Taming Sect and spirit beasts was one of absolute enmity, an irreconcilable conflict.

Spirit beasts were inherently proud, considering their status to be far above that of mere humans. Yet, the Beast Taming Sect had used despicable means to enslave and subjugate them—a disgraceful humiliation in the eyes of the spirit beasts.

In the past, the Beast Taming Sect was located deep within human territory, and many of the captured and controlled powerful spirit beasts remained within its ranks.

Thus, even if some spirit beasts harbored thoughts of revenge, they were largely powerless to act. On the contrary, they ran the risk of being captured and enslaved themselves.

But the present was no longer the past. With the arrival of the 'dao cannot be cultivated together' calamity, word would inevitably reach the spirit beasts before long. Known for their vengeful nature, the spirit beasts would never let such an opportunity slip by. They would undoubtedly come seeking retribution.

Leaving aside whether the Beast Taming Sect could withstand the onslaught of the vengeful spirit beasts—once the battle began in earnest, it was uncertain which side the sect’s own captured spirit beasts would ultimately take.

To prevent such a dreadful scenario from occurring, relocating to a safe haven had become an urgent priority.

"All disciples of the Beast Taming Sect, hear this—only spirit beasts that pass the trial of the [Heart-Linking Ring] shall be permitted to evacuate with us.

"Those who fail…"

"Shall be set free!"

Soon, this announcement spread throughout the entire Beast Taming Sect.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 656


The so-called "Heart-Linking Ring" was a mystical artifact personally crafted by Emperor Sanmo.

At first glance, it appeared as a circular doorway radiating a blue glow. When a beast passed through it, only an instant would pass in the real world. However, in that fleeting moment, the beast would experience countless lifelike illusionary realms, indistinguishable from reality.

The "Heart-Linking" test aimed to assess whether a beast would ever act against its master under extreme circumstances.

Forging this "Heart-Linking Ring" was no easy task, and in their haste, the Beast Taming Sect managed to create only one. Although the test itself took very little time, the sheer number of beasts in the sect was overwhelming. It wasn't just the personal spirit beasts of the disciples; there were also beasts used for labor, tending spirit fields, and guarding the sect—an entire horde of masterless beasts.

Although they were called "masterless," these beasts were all enslaved under the rule of the Beast Taming Sect.

The key to their control was the sect's supreme treasure, the Ten Thousand Beasts Reincarnation Wheel. It was said that this wheel bore engravings of nearly every known beast in existence. Even when a new species of beast emerged, its image would soon appear on the wheel.

From the moment a beast was born, the Ten Thousand Beasts Reincarnation Wheel would imprint a brand upon its soul, binding it for eternity, ensuring that it could never escape the wheel’s control.

It was said that this treasure had originally been brought from the Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain by Emperor Sanmo and given to the sect’s founding ancestor, Wan Shiyong. It was from the Ten Thousand Beasts Reincarnation Wheel that Wan Shiyong comprehended the profound [True Art of Beast Control].

However, despite its incredible abilities, the Ten Thousand Beasts Reincarnation Wheel had several fatal flaws. It could only be used on newborn beasts. Additionally, any beast imprinted with its brand would suffer excruciating, never-ending pain, known as the Agony of the Wheel. This agony severely stunted their intelligence, making them capable of only the simplest tasks.

True beast taming required perfect synchronization between beast and master. Only then could a tamer wield their beast as effortlessly as an extension of their own body, maximizing combat potential. In battle, even the smallest details could determine victory or defeat. If a controlled beast lacked intelligence, it was as good as fighting with one arm tied behind one’s back.Thus, Beast Taming Sect cultivators used the True Art of Beast Control to nurture their life-bound spirit beasts from a young age. They never considered relying on the beasts controlled by the Ten Thousand Beasts Reincarnation Wheel.

This also led to the Beast Taming Sect suddenly falling into an extremely difficult situation after the great calamity of the inability to cultivate the same Dao technique descended

Fortunately, the evacuation was personally overseen by Emperor Sanmo. Under the gaze of this long-browed, white-haired elder, neither man nor beast dared to disobey. The Heart-linking Ring test was carried out in an orderly manner.

By the end of the first day, only one-tenth of the beasts had been tested. At this rate, the selection process would take nearly half a month to complete. Beasts that passed the test were reunited with their masters, shedding tears of relief, and were the first to board the Ten Thousand Beasts Ark.

Soon, they would embark on this flying artifact, leaving the Xuanhuang Realm to seek refuge in an unknown minor world.

As for the beasts that failed the test, no matter how much their masters wished otherwise, they were forcibly separated. It was said that these beasts would be temporarily imprisoned and later released after the Beast Taming Sect had fully evacuated.

On the seventh day of testing, that night—

Xu Ke, who had been absent all day, suddenly appeared before Li Fan, his face full of panic.

"Xiao Hei, this is bad! You need to get out of here, now!"

Li Fan, who was meditating and cultivating the Creation Furnace Technique, opened his eyes, glanced at him indifferently, and remained unmoved.

Xu Ke continued urgently, "This time, I’m not joking. If you stay here, you’ll really die. Forget about me—just leave the Beast Taming Sect quietly!"

Li Fan yawned, stretching his mouth.

Xu Ke became even more anxious. "Xiao Hei, did you even hear what I just said? Today, I overheard Senior Brother Lu Ya saying…"

"That the beasts who fail the test won’t actually be set free as promised, but will instead be executed. Isn’t that right?" Li Fan interrupted.

Xu Ke froze. "You… how do you know?"

"Did you eavesdrop on our conversation?" A trace of shock flashed across Xu Ke’s face.

Li Fan scoffed, raising his head arrogantly. "You don’t need to eavesdrop to figure that out—it’s just common sense."

"Think about it. These beasts, once belonging to the Beast Taming Sect, know countless sect secrets. The evacuation of the Xuanhuang Realm is a matter of life and death for the sect. If word gets out, who can guarantee that these beasts won’t lead pursuers to the minor world? If that happens, there will be no escape—it would be total annihilation!"

"That Emperor Sanmo is no kindhearted, merciful figure. Anyone who could hand over a method for enslaving his own kin to the humans…" A dangerous glint flickered in Li Fan’s eyes.

"In short—these beasts must all die!" Li Fan declared coldly, his words firm and unwavering.

After a long time, Xu Ke finally reacted. He stared blankly at Li Fan and asked, “Since you’ve figured everything out, Xiao Hei, why are you still so calm? Aren’t you afraid?”

Li Fan stood tall, staring intently at Xu Ke, pressing him, “What a joke! Why would I be afraid? Do you really think I wouldn’t pass that so-called Heart-Linking Ring test? Do you have so little confidence in me?”

Overwhelmed by Li Fan’s imposing aura, Xu Ke couldn’t even meet his gaze. He stammered, “That’s not what I meant… Nothing in life is absolute. What if…”

Li Fan flapped his wings and flew over Xu Ke’s head, landing a fierce claw strike. “There is no ‘what if’!”

He declared firmly.

Xu Ke hesitated, wanting to say more. Although he was deeply worried, he knew this stubborn bird’s temperament all too well, so he refrained from further persuasion.

Three anxious days passed, and finally, the day arrived for Xiao Hei to undergo the test.

Under the intense and watchful eyes of those around, Li Fan stepped into the Heart-Linking Ring.

For a moment, time seemed to freeze.

In the next instant, the Heart-Linking Ring burst into a gentle blue glow—a sign of successfully passing the test!

“Ah! Xiao Hei, you’re amazing!” Xu Ke shrieked and rushed forward, attempting to hug Li Fan tightly—only to be ruthlessly kicked away by a sharp claw.

“The test is complete. Next.” Lu Ya announced, glancing at Li Fan with slight surprise.

Five days later, after all the spirit beasts of the Beast-Taming Sect had completed the Heart-Linking Ring test, the Ten Thousand Beast Ark was filled to the brim.

It was finally ready to set sail towards an unknown homeland.

“Senior Brother Lu Ya, aren’t you coming?” On the deck, Xu Ke curiously looked at Lu Ya, who stood at the bow of the ship, tilting his head as he asked.

Lu Ya reached out and patted Xu Ke’s head. “Some people have to stay behind. The Ten Great Immortal Sects still care about appearances. If they don’t even bother to put on a show, it wouldn’t be good to provoke unnecessary trouble.”

Xu Ke nodded in half-understanding.

“Go on. The future of the Beast-Taming Sect depends on you now.”

Tying a red string around Xu Ke’s right wrist, Lu Ya spoke with a hint of reluctance in his eyes.

“Wow! This is a red string woven by Mr. Bai!” Xu Ke immediately recognized the unique knotting style.

Back when they were still in the abandoned temple of Ningyuan City, every time Mr. Bai cured a sick child, he would tie such a red string around their wrist, praying for their future safety and well-being.

Xu Ke raised his hand, staring at the red string, inspecting it closely over and over again.

Li Fan also fixed his gaze on the red string, an indescribable feeling stirring in his heart.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 657


No matter how one looked at it, the red string in Xu Ke’s hand appeared utterly ordinary—just a common object.

However, given that Mr. Bai could effortlessly bestow the supreme True Profound Art of Creation with a mere casual remark, how could he possibly gift the children something so mundane?

Especially when Li Fan’s gaze swept over Xu Ke, and the moment he slightly eased the killing intent in his heart, an overwhelming sense of imminent danger surged within him.

Li Fan instantly understood that if he truly lost control and attacked Xu Ke…

Then the first to die would undoubtedly be himself.

Yet Xu Ke remained completely unaware of the red string’s value. He simply felt immense joy, solely because it was a gift from Mr. Bai.

“Let’s go. It’s time.” Lu Ya’s gaze was deep as he took one last look at Xu Ke.

Then, he silently flew out of the Ten Thousand Beasts Ark and formed a hand seal.

A dim light enveloped the flying vessel in absolute silence. The Ten Thousand Beasts Ark tore through the void, sailing toward an unknown homeland.

The very moment the vessel departed from the Xuanhuang Realm, Li Fan, who was standing above Xu Ke’s head, suddenly felt as though everything around him had frozen in absolute stillness.Then, just like an old photograph weathered by time, the colors gradually faded away.

In the end, everything shattered into countless fragments, dispersing like falling stars.

Li Fan understood—this was because he had resolved the lingering obsession of the Heavenly Fate Black Bird and completed the [Beast Taming Sect’s Upheaval].

However, unlike before, he did not immediately return to the real world.

Instead, he found himself back inside the distorted, transparent bubble where he had been after entering the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Before him, a new light projection emerged.

In the rapidly shifting images, a vast, spiraling abyss could be vaguely seen. Within it stood a colossal stone sword. Thousands upon thousands of cultivators toiled like ants beside it, fervently refining countless materials into the sword’s core, using the raging flames of the earth itself.

“This seems to be unlocking a new storyline… It looks like…”

“The Heavenly Sword Sect, and the World-Sundering Divine Weapon?”

Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

Unfortunately, perhaps because he had just left the Fallen Immortal Realm, he was not yet able to enter this entirely new scene.

“I’ll have to wait until next time.”

In the flickering imagery, countless cultivators came and went, streaking through the sky like flowing lights. Yet that World-Sundering Divine Weapon stood immovable, its presence growing ever more imposing as time passed.

It exuded a peculiar power, drawing Li Fan’s gaze for a long while before he finally looked away.

When he turned his attention to the first two completed light projections, he noticed subtle differences between them despite both being marked as “cleared.”

The projection of Quest [Ningyuan's Longevity Frui] shone like a perfect sphere, radiating light in all directions—pristine and flawless.

However, the projection of [Beast Taming Sect’s Upheaval] was only partially illuminated, with most of it still shrouded in darkness.

Li Fan mused, “Perhaps Xiao Hei’s obsession, like Senior Brother Zhang’s, is merely a surface-level illusion. The true master of the Beast Taming Sect’s time-space continuum… may be someone else entirely.”

He carefully reflected on his experiences within the Fallen Immortal Realm, piecing them together into a coherent narrative.

Even as the surrounding distorted space grew increasingly unstable, he still had no clear answer.

Then, the bubble shattered.

Li Fan returned to the real world. At the same time, a black feather appeared in his hand.

“The Remnant of the Black Bird…”

Accompanying the Heavenly Fate Black Bird’s feather was a fleeting, blurred memory.

A moment from history—a real event that had once happened to Xiao Hei.

Just like what Li Fan did, Xiao Hei was full of confidence in himself. Ignoring Xu Ke's dissuasion, he insisted on taking the "Heart-Linking Ring" test.

However, after all, he was merely a demonic beast and did not have Li Fan’s extraordinary fortune of possessing the Immortal Heart Mantra.

Without a miracle, the final result was inevitable—he failed to pass the "Heart-Linking Ring" trial, which required him to never harm his master.

Originally, Xiao Hei was destined to be executed along with the many other demonic beasts that failed the test. However, due to Xu Ke’s desperate pleas, Lu Ya was moved by compassion. In the end, he made an exception and spared Xiao Hei’s life.

To prevent any leaks of information, Lu Ya requested Emperor Sanmo to intervene, banishing Xiao Hei to a desolate small world where he was forbidden from leaving for a thousand years.

"Xiao Hei, we will definitely meet again."

At the moment of their reluctant farewell, Xu Ke spoke with tear-filled eyes.

The Heavenly Fate Black Bird was also overcome with sorrow, letting out mournful cries. Yet, it understood that without the restriction of the Beast Control Technique, it could not suppress the violent nature within its heart. If it insisted on staying by Xu Ke’s side, it might end up harming him instead.

Forcing itself to remain calm, it gently brushed Xu Ke’s head with its wing as a sign of comfort.

"Xiao Hei, by the time we meet again, a long time will have passed. We will have grown up—will you still recognize me then?" Xu Ke asked with a trace of worry.

Xiao Hei was about to mock Xu Ke for this seemingly foolish concern when he suddenly saw Xu Ke slap his forehead, then extract a drop of his own essence blood.

Placing it inside a brown jade bottle, Xu Ke solemnly handed it to Xiao Hei.

"Here, take this. You must not forget me." Though Xu Ke’s little face had turned slightly pale, he still forced himself to smile bravely.

The Heavenly Fate Black Bird let out a sorrowful cry and swallowed the brown bottle into its stomach.

After parting ways with Xu Ke, Xiao Hei was banished by Emperor Sanmo’s spell, exiled to a barren small world.

The scene shattered, and the memory ended there.

...

Li Fan recalled the final image that flashed in his mind—the desolate and ruined scenery reflected in the Heavenly Fate Black Bird’s eyes. A sudden sense of familiarity struck him.

It was the very same small world that Han Yi had accidentally entered earlier—the one filled with various hybrid creatures of man and beast.

"So, the fallen Heavenly Fate Black Bird really was Xiao Hei."

Li Fan pondered for a moment, and suddenly, a thought sparked in his mind.

"I wonder if Xu Ke's drop of essence blood is still there."

"The Imperial Royal Bloodline... The method to control beasts..."

A vague plan began to take shape in Li Fan's mind.

Xiao Qing, Li Chenfeng, and the other members of the Empire had been extremely cautious.

Ever since Li Fan had warned them that the Xuanhuang Realm was about to face a great war and that they should halt all transactions for a time, they had completely withdrawn and disappeared.

According to the final surveillance scene from the Formless Killing Intent, they seemed to have temporarily returned to the Empire.

"I've never tried creating a clone using a cultivator's essence blood. If Xu Ke’s drop of blood is still there, I might just be able to give Xiao Qing and their people a ‘surprise’."

Li Fan's eyes flickered. After a moment, he temporarily suppressed this thought and carefully examined the [Remnant of the Black Bird].

The gains from the Fallen Immortal Realm this time included not only this feather but also some residual memories of Xiao Hei’s innate divine ability—[Mandate of Heaven is Mine].

Although he did not possess the bloodline of the Heavenly Fate Black Bird, with the help of this feather, he could still manifest some of its effects.

As he absorbed the [Remnant of the Black Bird] into his body, a familiar sensation, akin to when he had possessed the Black Bird for cultivation, surged through him.

His perspective suddenly shifted upward, allowing him to observe his own destiny.

A nearly imperceptible white pillar of smoke lingered around him, as if it could be blown away by the slightest breeze.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 658


"White, green, blue, red, purple... Even among mortals, my fortune is considered among the worst."

Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly, but despite facing this discouraging fact, his heart remained calm.

What is known as fortune is merely one of the factors that influence a person's fate and opportunities. For someone like Li Fan, who can reincarnate repeatedly, if opportunities do not come to him, he can simply seek them out himself. As long as it is not the kind of black misfortune that brings endless calamities and unpredictable disasters, it doesn’t matter much.

Following the cultivation method of [Mandate of Heaven is Mine], Li Fan practiced for half a day. However, he soon frowned and stopped.

"After all, I am relying on a single feather. Compared to a true Black Bird, my progress is far too slow. Unlike Xu Ke, who can absorb fortune from benefactors, just cultivating foolishly like this would take hundreds of years before I could accumulate any substantial fortune."

"Fortune... hmph..."

Faced with a bottleneck in his cultivation, Li Fan immediately shifted his approach.

"With the aid of [Truth], I can foresee events ahead of time. I don't need fortune at all."

"Fortune and fate are intertwined, resonating with the heavens and flowing through the world. But if it manifests outwardly, it becomes a weakness. If I’m not careful, I might be targeted by cultivators skilled in this field..."

A thought arose in Li Fan’s mind, and a plan took shape.Activating his divine ability, this time, instead of nourishing his own fortune, he did the opposite—he channeled his already meager fortune entirely into the Black Bird Feather within him.

From his perspective, it was as if a small vortex appeared on his body. The faint white column of fortune struggled momentarily but was ultimately unable to resist and was drawn in.

Perhaps because his fortune was already so thin, even after it was completely absorbed, Li Fan felt no discomfort at all.

Now, even if Li Fan used the Black Bird’s Divine Ability, he could no longer see a fortune column above his head.

It was as if he had become one of the legendary “Fortuneless Ones.”

"All good luck and opportunities have nothing to do with me. But on the other hand, without fortune backlash, my chances of encountering disasters are significantly reduced."

Upon observing the Black Bird Feather in his dantian again, Li Fan noticed that after absorbing his fortune, it seemed to glow just a little brighter.

"I am not truly a Fortuneless One after all. Even if my fortune disperses for a time, it will regenerate naturally through daily activities. However, with this feather, I can reabsorb my fortune at any time."

"At a critical moment, I can unleash all the fortune stored in the feather at once. Perhaps it will even allow me to turn the impossible into reality."

His thoughts raced, but once he sorted them out, Li Fan felt very satisfied with his gains in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Sensing the flow of time, he estimated that he would need to wait over a year before he could enter again.

"Heavenly Sword Sect..."

"In the past two scenarios, Mr. Bai has always played an important role in the shadows. I wonder how this sword-forging event at the Heavenly Sword Sect is related to him."

A moment later, Li Fan set aside his thoughts.

While he had been wandering through the Fallen Immortal Realm, Liu San had already informed all the sect disciples of the method to enter.

Hearing that they could travel back to ancient times in an unconventional manner, the disciples were all thrilled and eagerly tried it out.

The time periods they entered were diverse and strange—anything and everything was possible.

After they awakened, Liu San assigned a team to collect and organize their experiences. To him, the Fallen Immortal Realm was essentially an enormous treasure trove—a free trial ground. If used wisely, it could greatly accelerate the revival of Medicine King Sect.

When Li Fan emerged and learned of this, he compiled the "strategies" he had seen in the Seeker of Immortality section and shared them with the disciples to improve their efficiency in exploring.

Regarding the gains from the Fallen Immortal Realm, Liu San had once proposed that all disciples submit their findings to be distributed under Li Fan’s management.

However, Li Fan rejected this idea.

Seizing someone’s opportunity is akin to killing their parents.

However, the Bloodline Transmission Technique had yet to reach the level where others could be regarded as mere slaves. If it provoked rebellion among the disciples for the sake of insignificant benefits, it would be a complete loss.

"Stability comes first in all matters." Li Fan once again reminded Liu Sandao.

With Liu San's flattering words—"Young Master's foresight is beyond my own"—Li Fan quietly left the Longevity Valley.

As he traversed the white mist and was about to return to the normal territory of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, he suddenly discovered a patrol team of Nascent Soul cultivators guarding the barrier outside the mist.

It was clearly a response to the continuous harassment and attacks by the Five Elders Association.

With a slight smile, Li Fan silently bypassed them and headed straight for Luoyan Prefecture.

His target was none other than Han Yi, who had already turned into a stone statue.

Li Fan did not know what kind of transformation Han Yi had undergone, but the stone statue he had become was truly eerie.

Previously, when investigating through the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan had noticed that despite a long time passing and countless cultivators passing by, none had been able to detect Han Yi's presence.

Let alone the fact that the stone statue was continuously absorbing the fortune and fate of nearby living beings.

From the scattered clues Li Fan had gathered, it was evident that the influence of Han Yi was slowly expanding.

If he remained in this state indefinitely, it was conceivable that one day, the entire Luoyan Prefecture would be affected.

Although Li Fan had been aware of this before, he had no means to resist the method of absorbing fortune, nor was he willing to take the risk of investigating further.

But now, after obtaining the Heavenly Fate Black Bird Feather and gaining the ability to use the divine powers of the Black Bird, he felt he could attempt an investigation.

After more than ten days, Li Fan arrived at the mortal town from his memories.

It was not far outside this town where Han Yi had been turned into a stone statue by a single glare from the old fisherman.

At this moment, it was clear that the town had already fallen within the range of Han Yi’s influence.

Looking over, Li Fan saw pillars of fortune and fate rising from the heads of the mortals in town. Regardless of their quality, each one was entangled with a dense black mist.

The specific manifestations were evident—misfortune plagued every single resident.

Some stumbled and injured themselves for no reason, which was already considered fortunate. Others choked to death while eating, failed in business and lost everything, or even suffered complete ruin.

Some mortals had begun to notice that something was very wrong and attempted to flee.

However, as soon as they reached the outskirts, they died inexplicably due to various strange accidents.

Observing from the sky for a while, Li Fan noticed that when a mortal died, their pillar of fortune immediately shattered.

At that moment, the black mist entwining it devoured it ravenously, swallowing it entirely before suddenly vanishing, its destination unknown.

"Interesting," Li Fan mused.

Just as this thought crossed his mind, he suddenly felt a chilling sensation behind him—something was rushing toward him at high speed.

His expression changed slightly, and he swiftly dodged, barely avoiding a streak of sword light.

"Be careful, fellow Daoist!"

The sword light narrowly missed Li Fan and struck the mortal city below.

"Boom!"

In an instant, the entire city was annihilated by the sword light.

The mortals within had no chance to even scream before being completely wiped out.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 659


A sharp sword aura seemed to brush past, leaving a chilling sensation. Li Fan looked down at the now-obliterated mortal city, which had turned into a massive crater, and couldn't help but twitch his face.

Fortunately, he reacted quickly. If he had been hit by that sword light, not only would his body have been destroyed, but even the foundation of his inner cave-heaven might have been damaged.

Luckily, he wasn't too unlucky and hadn't been too close. Otherwise, if he had been covered in the Immortal-Mortal miasma, he might have truly perished on the spot!

"To be affected this much even from such a distance from the statue…" Li Fan's expression turned serious. He extracted and replenished his lost fortune using the power of the Black Bird Feather and quietly activated [Domain of Mandate] to prevent further loss of his fortune energy.

As the smoke below dissipated, at the bottom of the crater, a wooden sword was firmly embedded into the ground.

It seemed… somewhat familiar.

"Ah! Fellow Daoist, my sincerest apologies!"

At this moment, the owner of the wooden sword finally arrived, wearing a look of embarrassment and guilt as he spoke to Li Fan.

"It's all my fault for lacking mastery in my techniques—I nearly cost you your life!"

Li Fan glanced toward the newcomer. Although the other party didn't recognize him, Li Fan, on the other hand, was very familiar with him.This was none other than the famous second-generation immortal of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, the obedient son of Immortal Sage Fei Xue, and the one known by the moniker "I Am Invincible"—Shuo Feng!

However, in the recent "friendly exchange duel" between the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association, Shuo Feng had appeared as a Soul Transformation cultivator.

Yet now, he appeared to only be at the Foundation Establishment realm!

"It's not a concealed cultivation… Did he undergo some kind of enlightenment, disperse his power, and restart his cultivation?" Li Fan's gaze swept over Shuo Feng, his eyes flashing with a hint of undetectable curiosity.

"So, it's Fellow Daoist Shuo Feng!" Li Fan cupped his hands in neither an overly respectful nor dismissive manner. "I almost thought it was another scoundrel from the Five Elders Association causing trouble!"

Shuo Feng's face reddened slightly.

He wasn’t surprised that Li Fan recognized him but hurriedly explained, "It’s a misunderstanding! A total misunderstanding. I was in mid-air, comprehending my cultivation, but for some reason, this wooden sword suddenly lost control. Fortunately, you reacted fast, or else I would have unintentionally committed a great sin!"

"Heh, no worries. I can tell you didn't do it on purpose. However… what happened to your cultivation, Fellow Daoist Shuo?" Li Fan examined him deliberately, pretending to be puzzled.

Shuo Feng didn't hide anything and replied frankly, "Nothing much. I just felt I was on the wrong path before, so I decided to start over!"

Although Li Fan had already guessed as much, he still put on a shocked expression. Studying Shuo Feng for a moment, he shook his head slightly and sighed, "Reaching Soul Transformation is already the ultimate goal that most cultivators dream of… Yet, Fellow Daoist, you had the resolve to start over just like that…"

"Truly admirable! Admirable!" Li Fan cupped his fists in praise.

Shuo Feng chuckled, indifferent to the compliment. "I'm not as extraordinary as you make me out to be. I simply have my mother backing me up. Even if I fail this time and remain a Foundation Establishment cultivator for the rest of my life, how many in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance would dare to look down on me? But for an ordinary cultivator, if they fail… that would be a true disaster."

Li Fan smiled without commenting, neither agreeing nor refuting the remark.

Instead, his gaze shifted to the wooden sword embedded in the crater below. Frowning slightly, he remarked, "Even though you restarted your cultivation, you're clearly not an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator. Judging by the speed and power of that wooden sword, it could likely kill an average Golden Core cultivator with ease."

Shuo Feng nodded in agreement. "You have sharp eyes, Fellow Daoist. This wooden sword…"

He paused momentarily before continuing, "To be honest, this sword is a natural treasure that I acquired upon rebuilding my foundation. However, despite successfully using it to establish my foundation, I still can't fully control it."

"It's quite the headache," he added, pointing downward.

Yet, the wooden sword in the crater merely trembled slightly, refusing to heed his summons and remaining firmly stuck in the ground.

Even with his usual composure, Shuo Feng couldn't help but show a trace of awkwardness.

Clearing his throat, he tried casting multiple techniques, three in total.

Finally, the wooden sword reluctantly returned to his hand.

Li Fan carefully observed the wooden sword before him. The term "plain and unremarkable" wasn’t enough to describe it.

There were no engravings on the sword, no mysterious aura emanating from it.

In fact, it looked incredibly simple—almost like a child's toy, carved crudely from wood.

However, given the overwhelming power of its earlier strike, Li Fan knew this weapon was far from ordinary.

A thought flashed through his mind, and Li Fan suddenly suggested, "This sword is quite interesting. Coincidentally, I have some insights into the way of the sword myself, but I've long struggled to find a worthy opponent to spar with. How about…?"

Shuo Feng's eyes lit up upon hearing this and clapped his hands in excitement. "I've just made a breakthrough and was worried about finding a sparring partner. Fellow Daoist, your words are exactly what I was hoping for!"

His expression turned serious as he gripped the wooden sword lightly, taking a few steps back to put some distance between them. He pointed his sword at Li Fan and declared, "Just to the point of learning!"

"Agreed!" Li Fan responded loudly.

Before his words had fully left his lips, eighty-one azure water swords had already taken shape, assembling into a sword formation and whistling toward Shuo Feng.

This was Li Fan's adaptation of Cloud Water Palace's "Sea-Stabilizing Divine Sword", utilizing the water-attribute power of his inner cabe-heaven. He did not hold back, even though Shuo Feng was only a Foundation Establishment cultivator—he mobilized the full power of his domain.

"Water Dragon Roar!"

The azure water swords, guided by Li Fan’s battle cry, spread out like a sea of dragons, surging toward Shuo Feng from all directions.

Yet, instead of fear, Shuo Feng showed exhilaration.

Closing his eyes, he made a single, slow-yet-lightning-fast sword swing just as the eighty-one water swords reached him.

"Ding!"

"Ding!"

"Ding!"

The wooden sword flickered like white lightning, weaving through the storm of water dragons.

With each strike, a crisp metallic clang echoed as his wooden sword clashed with each of the water swords.

In the blink of an eye, his wooden sword had parried all eighty-one attacks.

Shuo Feng withdrew his sword.

It seemed to have drained all his strength, his arm trembling slightly.

But in the next moment, something astonishing happened—the eighty-one azure water swords, which should have been under Li Fan’s control, suddenly turned against him, reversing their trajectory and charging at him!

Moreover…

A faint mysterious transformation had taken place—the assembled azure water dragon seemed to come alive in Li Fan’s eyes.

Faintly, he could even hear a dragon’s roar, and the sword aura surged as the water dragon roared toward him.

"This is…"

A sharp gleam flashed in Li Fan’s eyes, yet his reaction was swift.

In an instant, the sky was bathed in blue light.

A single sword radiance slashed out from Li Fan’s position, cutting through the water dragon like a blade through paper.

And without losing momentum, it streaked toward Shuo Feng’s face.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 660


In the next moment, it seemed that Shuo Feng was about to be cleaved in half by Li Fan’s sword light.

But just then, Shuo Feng swung his sword once more.

"Clang!"

The sword light struck the wooden sword, producing a sound like a hammer pounding against a massive bell.

The two forces clashed momentarily.

Then, in an instant, the sword light abruptly changed direction and shot toward Li Fan with even greater speed and sharper momentum!

Once locked onto by the returning sword light, there was no way to dodge. Li Fan had no intention of revealing his true strength, and his probing attack had already served its purpose.

Thus, he extended his right hand, directly manifesting his Water-Attribute Cave Heaven, drawing upon the power of the domain to suppress the incoming sword light.

"Boom!"

The sword light, originally unleashed by Li Fan, seemed to have gained an even sharper edge after being rebounded by the wooden sword.Even though it was trapped within the domain, it did not lose its momentum. It roared forward with unstoppable force, determined to break through the restraints placed upon it.

Li Fan let out a cold snort and exerted a bit more power.

Only then was he able to fully suppress it.

When he looked back at Shuo Feng, the latter had not seized the opportunity to launch another attack. Instead, he seemed to be experiencing some kind of internal struggle, as he tried to calm the violently trembling wooden sword.

"Let’s end this sparring session here!" Li Fan sighed and shook his head. "I am two major realms above you, yet our battle was evenly matched. That alone means I have already lost."

"A heaven’s chosen will always be a heaven’s chosen. A Foundation Establishment cultivator battling a Nascent Soul cultivator..."

"It’s simply beyond the reach of us ordinary cultivators."

Li Fan appeared somewhat dispirited.

Seeing this, Shuo Feng, who had just regained control over his wooden sword, couldn’t help but console him. "Fellow Daoist, don’t be discouraged. The only reason I was able to fight on equal footing with you is largely due to the power of this wooden sword."

Perhaps it was because Li Fan’s temperament resonated with Shuo Feng, or perhaps Shuo Feng simply had nothing to fear.

After hesitating for a moment, Shuo Feng spoke with a hint of pride. "To be honest, Fellow Daoist..."

"This sword... is a wonder of the heavens!"

"Your defeat is not a fault of battle!"

Gently stroking the wooden sword’s blade, a trace of infatuation flickered across Shuo Feng’s face.

Hearing this, Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

Feigning extreme shock, he stared at the unremarkable wooden sword in Shuofeng’s hand. "A wonder of the heavens?"

"Fellow Daoist, surely you must be joking? The Wonder of the Heavens are attuned to the Dao itself, elusive and unseen, never revealing themselves to the world. The only one widely known is the legendary Derivative Law Jade."

"And you’re telling me this broken sword is a Wonder of the Heavens?" Li Fan deliberately voiced his skepticism.

Shuo Feng chuckled. "How could I be mistaken when I built my Foundation upon it? This Wonder of the Heavens... is called [Sword]."

As he spoke, Shuofeng lightly swung the wooden sword, forming a dazzling sword flower in the air.

"Sword?"

Li Fan’s heart trembled.

"Could it be... that this object is the embodiment of the very Dao of the Sword in the Xuanhuang Realm?" he couldn’t help but ask.

Shuo Feng nodded and pointed the wooden sword toward a lush, towering tree in the distance.

Under Li Fan’s gaze, the tree underwent a mysterious transformation.

A gentle breeze passed by, and as a leaf detached from its branch and drifted through the air, it brushed against another tree—yet in that moment, it was as if the leaf had become an incomparably sharp sword.

A single slash.

The tree was severed at its trunk.

Another gust of wind swept through, carrying countless leaves aloft. The tree, now imbued with the sword’s essence, moved like an unparalleled swordsman, continuously striking.

One tree after another fell in its wake.

This bizarre sight left Li Fan utterly dumbfounded.

"Perhaps... what Fellow Daoist says is true!" He feigned a stammer, as if in awe.

Shuo Feng smiled faintly. "Of course. I obtained this sword from the ruins of the former Heavenly Sword Sect, risking my life countless times to do so."

Looking at the wooden sword in his hand, Shuo Feng recalled that moment. "If you had seen it with your own eyes, Fellow Daoist, you would never be able to imagine the shock I felt. Within the Heavenly Sword Sect’s Sword Tomb, over a million swords were buried. Those countless ancient swords, chaotically plunged into the ground, all bowed slightly in the same direction."

"As if paying homage to the Emperor of Swords."

"And at the very center of that million-sword tomb, I found this."

A trace of pride appeared on Shuo Feng’s face. "That day, I knew—I knew that defying my mother’s wishes and insisting on retraining was the absolute right choice."

"Otherwise, how could I have encountered such an opportunity?"

"The Heavenly Sword Sect... the Sword Tomb..."

Li Fan stared at the Wonder of the Heavens, [Sword], as countless thoughts flashed through his mind.

However, in the end, he abandoned the idea of immediately using his Binding Insect Divine Ability to claim the treasure for himself.

"A Wonder of the Heavens..." Li Fan's eyes were filled with envy.

Then, as if suddenly realizing something strange, he asked, "Such a secretive matter, yet Fellow Daoist is casually telling a mere passerby like me? Aren’t you afraid that this information will spread and be known to all?"

Shuo Feng waved his hand boldly and declared, "I have always acted according to my whims. You knew my identity yet still fought me without reservation—that is commendable!"

"Besides, what if you tell others? If I possess such a divine treasure and do not flaunt it, but instead keep it hidden, how would that be any different from wearing embroidered robes in the dark?"

Li Fan hesitated. "But possessing such a rare artifact will inevitably invite covetous eyes..."

"Petty thieves coveting it?" Shuo Feng suddenly burst into laughter, exuding an undeniable dominance.

A radiant golden armor materialized over his body, emanating an overwhelming pressure. Even Li Fan instinctively took a step back.

"Though my Wonder of the Heavens is exceedingly rare, it is useless to cultivators of the Dao Integration realm and beyond."

"And below Dao Integration, who can possibly harm me? Even if they could, I doubt they could break through the defenses of this armor." Shuo Feng gestured toward the golden armor with a complex expression.

Li Fan had no words to reply.

"So this is the confidence of a top-tier immortal scion of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance..."

"But this works in my favor. If you weren’t this arrogant, I’d have to put in much more effort to extract information about this Wonder of the Heavens from you."

Suppressing his thoughts, Li Fan looked at Shuo Feng, who had already retracted his golden armor, and asked, "Although your wooden sword is indeed extraordinary, I feel that it still falls short of the legendary Wonder of the Heavens."

"Is it because Fellow Daoist has not fully mastered it yet?"

Shuo Feng smiled bitterly. "Your observation is sharp, Fellow Daoist! A Wonder of the Heavens is indeed extraordinary. Even though I have built my Foundation upon it, I still cannot fully control it. Sometimes, it even resists my will."

"Just now, it almost wounded you—that was why."

Hearing this, Li Fan suddenly recalled a past life battle between Shuo Feng and Su Xiaomei...

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 661


At that moment, Shuo Feng seemed to have fully mastered the Heavenly Wonder [Sword]. From beginning to end, there were no signs of it going out of control.

However, unlike now, back then, when facing Su Xiaomei’s relentless attacks, Shuo Feng had only defended, never once taking the initiative to attack.

"A streak of white light reflected all of the enemy’s attacks back at them. In fact, the counterattack was even several times stronger than the original strike."

"The characteristics are exactly the same as a wooden sword. It just can't take the initiative to attack..."

Li Fan seemed to have figured out why Shuo Feng had never been able to completely control [Sword].

After pondering for a moment, he thought that since Shuo Feng would eventually have to comprehend it himself, he might as well offer him a helping hand.

He then fixed his gaze on the wooden sword in Shuo Feng’s hand and furrowed his brows slightly:

"Logically speaking, with your unparalleled talent, even if it were the legendary Wonder of Heaven, it shouldn’t be something that is difficult to control."

Shuo Feng agreed and nodded. "I, too, am puzzled by this."

Li Fan pondered for a moment before suddenly realizing something."I have a theory. I don't know if it's correct."

"Oh? Please share it," Shuo Feng responded politely, though he did not believe Li Fan would say anything truly insightful.

"A sword is a weapon of slaughter. Ancient sword cultivators were capable of taking a person’s head from a thousand miles away; a single strike could break ten thousand techniques. The essence of the sword manifests in the world in various forms—gold, jade, stone—but why, of all things, is this [Sword] a wooden sword?"

Li Fan posed this question, and Shuo Feng immediately furrowed his brows, his expression turning serious.

"I once heard that in the ancient sects of sword cultivators, disciples would only use wooden swords in friendly sparring matches where victory or defeat was not the goal. Therefore..."

Li Fan paused for a moment and then spoke in a solemn tone:

"I believe that [Sword] is the pinnacle of all swordsmanship. As the saying goes, ‘extremity begets reversal.’ Every trait of a mundane sword has been completely inverted in the Heavenly Wonder [Sword]."

"Slaughter becomes non-slaughter. Seeking defeat is victory. Not attacking is triumph. Motionlessness is invincibility!"

Li Fan's words were like a great bell ringing in Shuo Feng’s ears, or a bolt of lightning under a clear sky. He was stunned.

A strange glimmer flashed in his eyes as he re-examined the wooden sword in his hands, seemingly entering a profound and mysterious state.

He stood there like a stone statue, murmuring something under his breath.

"It seems he was just one step away from enlightenment. Now that I have pointed it out, he has instantly comprehended it," Li Fan thought to himself as he quietly activated his Black Bird Divine Ability to observe Shuo Feng's fate.

A towering pillar of purple qi shot into the sky, spiraling like a dragon tornado, coalescing without dissipating. This was a sign of supreme destiny, only slightly weaker than Xu Ke’s.

The pillar of fortune was so resilient that even Han Yi's Fortune Absorption Domain, formed by his transformation into a statue, could not affect it.

"Well, of course. Without great destiny, how could one be born into such a favorable position? What countless cultivators struggle for their entire lives to obtain, he has never lacked since birth," Li Fan sighed as he observed Shuo Feng’s astonishing and heaven-defying fortune.

"In this Xuanhuang Realm, it is rare for two Dao Integration Immortal Sages to choose to have a child together," he mused, recalling the rumors about Shuo Feng and his mother.

It was said that after Immortal Sage Fei Xue realized she had no hope of attaining Longevity Immortality, she decided to place her hopes in her offspring. To produce the most exceptional descendant, she chose the oldest yet most effective method—a martial contest for a spouse.

She declared that any Dao Integration cultivator who could defeat her in combat would be qualified to become her Dao companion. Given the rarity of Dao Integration cultivators—each one a one-in-ten-million genius—the combination of their bloodlines, along with the full support of both parents’ resources, might produce another Longevity Immortal.

When the news broke, the entire world was shaken. Countless cultivators, eager to witness a grand battle among Dao Integration cultivators, gathered to watch. However, the outcome was a major disappointment.

Few responded to the challenge, and nearly a year passed before a single Dao Integration cultivator stepped forward to challenge Fei Xue. He ultimately failed.

It was then that the broader community of cultivators realized:

Dao Integration cultivators are incredibly rare across the Xuanhuang Realm. Those who have reached this stage have exceptionally high ambitions. Unless faced with extraordinary circumstances, they would never so easily abandon their pursuit of Longevity Immortality, their ultimate goal.

Furthermore, while Fei Xue’s combat strength was only average among Dao Integration cultivators, she was extremely skilled in artifact refinement. With her formidable arsenal of defensive treasures, defeating her was easier said than done. Without absolute confidence, any challenger would simply be seeking humiliation.

Thus, due to these various factors, Fei Xue’s martial contest for a spouse fell into an extremely awkward and quiet state.

Just when everyone thought this matter would gradually fade into obscurity, an event that shocked the world once again occurred—

Fei Xue was suddenly pregnant!

And apart from herself, no one knew who the father was!

She refused to speak on the matter and officially declared the contest null and void.

From that moment on, she devoted herself entirely to nurturing the child in her womb—Shuo Feng.

There was no doubt that the one who had managed to make Immortal Sage Fei Xue conceive in complete secrecy must have been a terrifyingly powerful Dao Integration cultivator. That much was certain.

As for why he chose to conceal his identity, that remained a mystery.

"Not only does he have a Dao Integration mother, but he also has a father hiding in the shadows, keeping his true identity a secret..."

"No wonder Shuo Feng is so confident. The world may be vast, but he can go anywhere he pleases."

As Li Fan was lost in thought, Shuo Feng slowly emerged from his enlightenment.

A faint joy surfaced on his face, but after taking a deep breath, his expression gradually calmed.

The hands gripping the wooden sword no longer trembled. As a mysterious aura descended and locked onto him—

The Heavenly Wonder [Sword] transformed into a gentle white light and gradually merged into his body.

In an instant, Shuo Feng’s presence completely changed.

His sharpness was entirely withdrawn.

From being as sharp as an unsheathed blade, he now appeared utterly ordinary.

Even the towering purple fortune pillar above his head gradually faded under Li Fan’s gaze, eventually turning into an unremarkable white mist—so subtle that, if one didn’t look closely, it could easily be overlooked.

Shuo Feng turned his gaze toward Li Fan. Li Fan withdrew his Black Bird Divine Ability and cupped his hands.

"Congratulations, Daoist friend, for returning to your true nature and achieving supreme mastery!"

"Supreme mastery? That’s an overstatement. However..."

Shuo Feng made a refined gesture of invitation.

"I would like to ask you to test my sword!"

Li Fan naturally understood his intention.

With a flick of his fingers, several blue water swords flew toward Shuo Feng.

Shuo Feng stood with his hands behind his back, neither dodging nor blocking.

Just as the water swords were about to strike him—

A streak of white light flashed.

The water swords completely reversed direction.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 662


"Fellow Daoist, this Reversal Sword of yours—what is the highest level of power it can reflect?" Feeling the rebounded attack nearly doubled in strength, Li Fan's expression changed slightly. With a wave of his hand, he suppressed the Water Sword before turning to ask Shuo Feng.

Shuo Feng seemed to still be reflecting on the self-protective reaction of the wooden sword. After a long while, he finally returned to his senses.

"The Reversal Sword…" He shook his head. "I see it as the Sword of Pacification, the Sword of No Battle."

Without further explanation, Shuo Feng continued, "Ordinary Nascent Soul cave-heaven power can be countered effortlessly. If it were a full-force strike from a Soul Transformation cultivator, it would be somewhat difficult. As for Dao Integration and beyond…"

"Fellow Daoist, you are only at the Foundation Establishment stage, yet you have already achieved such an astonishing feat. If you advance to the Soul Transformation stage, wouldn't you be able to fight against Dao Integration cultivators?" Li Fan expressed his shock.

"It's not that simple. Even among Dao Integration cultivators, there are vast differences. The Spirit of Heaven and Earth is divided into…"

Li Fan's heart stirred, and he was about to concentrate and listen carefully. However, he suddenly noticed that Shuo Feng's lips were moving, but no sound came out.

Shuo Feng quickly realized this himself and decisively fell silent.

Li Fan, deep in thought, tactfully refrained from pressing further.

"In any case, though I possess the Heavenly Wonder, I still have a long road ahead before I can defeat my mother." Shuo Feng smiled bitterly. "Moreover, although the Heavenly Wonder makes my Foundation Establishment extremely powerful, it also has its drawbacks. For instance, advancing in cultivation is much more difficult and slower compared to ordinary cultivators. Even with abundant resources and the aid of new cultivation methods, this remains true."

This was the first time Li Fan had heard of such a thing, so he immediately asked, "Why is that?"

Shuo Feng answered straightforwardly, "The Heavenly Wonder is, in essence, the Law of Heaven. Once one establishes their foundation with it, it becomes nearly impossible to incorporate anything else."

"Ordinary cultivators must observe the laws of heaven and earth, seize its essence, extract its marrow, and refine its spirit step by step to ascend. But a cultivator of the Heavenly Wonder is different. They use the Heavenly Wonder as their law, as their cave-heaven domain, as the transformation of heaven and earth, and as the very spirit of heaven and earth itself."

"As long as they continuously comprehend their own Heavenly Wonder to the utmost, they can progress all the way to the Dao Integration stage without obstruction."

Hearing this, Li Fan couldn't help but ask, "Isn't that a good thing? Why do you say it makes cultivation more difficult?"

Shuo Feng countered with a question, "Fellow Daoist, don’t you think that compared to forcibly absorbing external elements, a cultivation method that relies solely on personal comprehension would be much slower?"

"Naturally, that…" Li Fan suddenly realized something and fell silent.

"Daoist Shuo, do you mean that cultivating with the Heavenly Wonder is more akin to practicing the ancient methods?" Li Fan unconsciously changed the way he addressed him and quickly asked.

"More precisely, it is practicing the ancient methods while bound in chains." Shuo Feng sighed lightly. "This is both its advantage and its drawback. However, I have no regrets. Although the path is more arduous, the potential ceiling is much higher!"

Seemingly reminded of something, Li Fan suddenly asked, "If one reaches Dao Integration through the Heavenly Wonder, then the next step would be to reverse the principles of the Heavenly Wonder?"

A flicker of admiration flashed in Shuo Feng’s eyes. "Exactly! The difficulty of achieving Longevity Immortality lies in this—Heaven and Earth’s principles are intangible and abstract concepts, difficult for ordinary people to perceive. To reverse them is even harder."

"One must search for the laws of Heaven and Earth, familiarize themselves with them, master them, and then finally overturn them…"

"All of these steps must be completed within the Dao Integration stage. While Dao Integration cultivators enjoy long lifespans, every step forward requires an immense price. Throughout history, how many peerless geniuses have fallen just before taking the final step?"

"But those who build their foundation with the Heavenly Wonder naturally bypass the first step. From the moment they begin cultivation, they are already practicing the second and third steps. It's almost like skipping half the effort."

Shuo Feng explained patiently in a way that was easy to understand.

And Li Fan gradually began to grasp the concept.

"Seeking, familiarizing, mastering, and reversing—it seems these correspond to the different sub-realms within Dao Integration."

Li Fan suddenly recalled something. Back when Ji Hongdao was confronting Senior Sister Zhao, he had once said, "After a Heavenly Sovereign establishes their 'Definitive Law,' they should no longer meddle in worldly affairs."

"A 'Definitive Law' means that one has already reversed the laws of Heaven and Earth, ultimately replacing them and transforming into a part of the universe itself. This is the true path to Longevity Immortality."

"Before that, Dao Integration cultivators still have four major steps to complete."

Shuo Feng saw Li Fan lost in contemplation and couldn't help but caution him, "What I have shared today is merely in gratitude for your earlier guidance. Do not become too ambitious or lose yourself in these thoughts. If that happens, my goodwill would have led to harm."

Li Fan snapped back to reality and smiled. "Daoist Shuo, you worry too much. I am not someone who fails to appreciate good advice. I used to believe that Longevity Immortality was just a few major realms away from us cultivators, and that I might one day reach it."

"But now, I realize that the gap is not just a few realms, but rather multiple chasms—each one capable of making a person despair."

"One must always have hope, though." Shuo Feng nodded in agreement, before suddenly making an unexpected remark.

"By the way, I still don’t know your title. Given your character and talent, you must not be an unknown figure." Shuo Feng looked at Li Fan with curiosity.

Li Fan cupped his hands and said, "I am Li Fan."

Shuo Feng narrowed his eyes and examined Li Fan carefully.

"It's just a common name. I have been mistaken for others many times in the past." Li Fan explained.

Shuo Feng slowly nodded.

"I have a talent for sensing auras. Passing by this place, I noticed something unusual, so I descended to investigate. Who would have thought that before I could find anything, I was nearly killed by you, Fellow Daoist?" Li Fan actively explained the situation.

"In that case, I also feel something strange about this area." Shuo Feng suddenly realized and looked off into the distance.

His gaze landed on a particular direction—the place where Han Yi’s stone statue stood.

However, he did not seem to notice the statue itself, only that something felt off about that location.

"Interesting…"

"Fellow Daoist, why don’t we go and investigate together?" Li Fan suggested.

"That was exactly my thought." Shuo Feng, clearly someone unafraid of trouble, immediately agreed.

Just as the two were about to set off, the sky suddenly turned pink.

Shuo Feng's expression changed drastically.

Scarlet snowflakes drifted down.

A melodic female voice suddenly echoed, "Feng'er, you’ve been away from home for long enough. It’s time to return."

Shuo Feng's face stiffened slightly.

Yet, he dared not resist his mother’s will. He only cast an apologetic glance at Li Fan.

"I understand, Mother." He responded.

As he grasped a snowflake, the scarlet color melted in his palm.

Moments later, his figure blurred and gradually faded from sight.

Suddenly, a communication talisman fell from the sky and flew toward Li Fan.

"If Brother Li ever needs help, feel free to contact me."

Shuo Feng’s voice lingered faintly in the air.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 663


Shuo Feng’s voice grew quieter and quieter.

In the end, as it became almost inaudible, the scarlet snowflakes falling from the sky also disappeared without a trace.

As if it had all been nothing more than an illusion.

"Was it merely a coincidence, or was it his extraordinary fortune leading him to avoid disaster?"

"Or perhaps, Immortal Sage Fei Xue has always been watching over Shuo Feng, unwilling to let him suffer harm? And upon seeing him about to step into danger, intervened to stop him?"

Li Fan remained silent, turning his gaze toward the stone statue of Han Yi.

After a moment of contemplation, he descended to the ground and activated the Heavenly Mandate Domain, walking step by step toward it.

His pace was extremely slow because he was carefully sensing the power of fortune absorption in the surroundings.

Since he was already infinitely close to the state of a "Fortune-less Being," he was particularly sensitive to changes in his own destiny.

After walking about ninety steps forward, Li Fan suddenly noticed a flaw appearing in his Heavenly Mandate Domain.It was like a hole had been pierced in a cup of water—his already near-nonexistent fortune was rapidly draining away. The moment the last trace was completely exhausted, he saw dense black mist beginning to swirl above his head.

An intense, ominous feeling surged through his heart, as if an impending catastrophe was about to befall him in the next moment.

Li Fan quickly retreated, retrieving the fortune stored within the Black Bird Feather at the same time.

Even though his reaction had been swift, the effects of the drained fortune were immediate. As he stepped back, he stumbled, almost falling to the ground.

A Nascent Soul cultivator like him—one who had formed his Nascent Soul using the Five Elements Cave-Heaven, the pinnacle of methods—was actually tripping while walking?

And yet, such an illogical event had truly occurred.

Li Fan dared not hesitate. While firmly engraving the sensation into his memory, he accelerated the process of replenishing his lost fortune.

Once he had stabilized himself and retreated to a safe distance, Li Fan discovered that nearly half of the fortune stored within the Black Bird Feather had been consumed just to dispel the ominous black mist above his head.

"Even from this distance, so much fortune has already been drained. This Fortune-Draining Statue is truly terrifying. Even someone as blessed as Shuo Feng wouldn't have been able to resist it and would have been completely drained. No wonder his mother took him away."

"This is not something mortal power can resist—unless..."

"Worldly Fortune."

A thought suddenly struck Li Fan, and he immediately recalled the world where Xiao Hei had perished.

That Beast Realm’s fortune had clearly been refined and integrated by Xiao Hei. But not long ago, Xiao Hei had fallen for unknown reasons, causing that fortune to shatter and scatter everywhere.

Even with Han Yi’s meager cultivation back then, he was able to absorb and control the free-floating Worldly Fortune.

With the Black Bird Feather in hand, Li Fan would undoubtedly have an even easier time absorbing the World’s Fortune.

"Moreover, a drop of Xu Ke’s essence blood was also buried there. It seems I must make a trip."

"There are many powerful beast species hidden within that small world. In the past, when I was merely at the Nascent Soul stage and alone, I would have had some concerns. But now..."

A sharp glint flashed in Li Fan’s eyes.

He temporarily withdrew from the fortune-draining field and returned to Longevity Valley, summoning Liu San.

Just as he was about to instruct Liu San to lead a group of Medicine King Sect disciples into the Beast Realm to clear out potential threats, Li Fan suddenly sensed something amiss and hesitated.

"Young Master, what troubles you?"

Liu San looked at Li Fan with a hint of confusion.

Li Fan pondered for a moment, then reviewed the records stored in the Dao Deviation Stone, and finally came to a realization.

At some point, he had once again forgotten about the calamity that had befallen Congyun Sea.

"I wonder what Congyun Sea looks like now. Is it a void of nothingness, or a barren wasteland?"

"If it has already turned into the void, then does the entrance to the Beast Realm still exist...?"

As thoughts raced through his mind, Li Fan’s expression grew solemn.

"On my recent journey, I discovered something utterly terrifying."

Without delay, Li Fan told Liu San about how Congyun Sea had been destroyed and how the world had gradually forgotten about it.

"Congyun Sea?" Liu San was initially puzzled, but then, as the memories resurfaced, his face turned pale with shock.

"It’s fortunate that, due to our move to Longevity Valley, we unknowingly avoided this calamity," Li Fan sighed.

But Liu San was more focused on the fact that he had forgotten about Congyun Sea’s destruction.

"To make the entire world forget without them even realizing it... Is this the power of the New Method Longevity Immortality?"

Liu San, whose understanding of Longevity Immortal Sovereigns was still rooted in ancient times, was deeply shaken.

After all, as one of the strongest Dao Integration cultivators of the Medicine King Sect, he had once met the Longevity Immortal Sovereigns of the Ten Great Immortal Sects.

Although he had never considered himself their equal, he had at least believed he could put up some resistance.

But now...

In an instant, Liu San’s pride shattered. The more he thought about it, the more terrified he became, cold sweat dripping from his forehead.

Noticing Liu San’s abnormal state, Li Fan reassured him, "Elder Liu, there is no need to dwell on this. The world has changed, and although the title ‘Longevity Immortal Sovereign’ remains the same, the New Method Longevity Immortal and Ancient Method Longevity Immortal are clearly not of the same level anymore."

Despite his deep trust in Li Fan, Liu San took a long time to calm down.

After a prolonged silence, he sighed deeply before turning to Li Fan and saying, "Today, I have finally witnessed the power of the New Method Longevity Immortal. Before, I was merely a frog at the bottom of a well."

"The gap between the New and Old Method is this vast..."

"Young Master, I wish to transition to the New Law cultivation method." Liu San solemnly declared.

Li Fan was not surprised by this decision at all. He nodded in approval, "I support you! Elder Liu, reigniting your ambition is a blessing for our Medicine King Sect. Who knows? You might attain enlightenment and achieve Longevity Immortality. If that happens, with a Longevity Immortal Sovereign watching over us, our sect will finally return to the world openly and proudly."

"However..."

Li Fan’s tone suddenly shifted. "The Old and New Laws cannot be cultivated together. If Elder Liu wants to advance further and defy the natural order, he must completely rebuild his cultivation with a different Dao Integration technique."

"First, such techniques are incredibly rare. Second... the refinement of the Longevity Pills still requires your expertise."

Liu San immediately understood Li Fan’s meaning. His previous enthusiasm dimmed slightly.

The gap between ideals and reality forced him to make a choice.

However, as someone devoted to the Medicine King Sect, Liu San only hesitated for a moment before making his decision.

"I understand, Young Master. For now, I will prioritize the revival of our sect," he said with some regret.

Li Fan smiled faintly. "Elder Liu, you misunderstand me. I fully support your transition to the New Method, and your cultivation breakthrough does not contradict our sect’s revival."

"It just requires some preparation, that’s all."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 664


"Although it may seem a bit inconsiderate, we must admit that it was precisely this calamity that led to the demise of Daoist Zhou Qingang. As a result, the enormous debt we originally owed no longer needs to be repaid. As long as Elder Liu refines more Longevity Pills and other useful elixirs for sale, after a few years of accumulation, exchanging them for a Dao Integration cultivation method won’t be a problem," Li Fan said confidently.

Upon hearing this, Liu San’s eyes regained a glimmer of spirit.

A few years of waiting was insignificant to him. As for Zhou Qingang, who had unfortunately fallen, Liu San had only met him a few times and had no deep connection with him. Naturally, he felt no sorrow.

"This person’s death is truly convenient! It saved me years of effort!" Liu San thought to himself.

Li Fan continued, "During this period of accumulating contribution points, I also need to devise a reasonable identity for Elder Liu. After all, with your Dao Integration cultivation, it’s not as easy to conceal yourself as it is for people like us. Originally, I planned to use the excuse of an ‘Ancient Cultivator Awakening from Slumber’ to get past any inquiries. But for some reason, recent events have made the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance more cautious and skeptical of such claims. So, I need to come up with a more reliable explanation."

"But Elder Liu, don’t worry, I already have some ideas in mind."

Liu San did not dwell on the details of Li Fan’s words. His natural trust in Li Fan made him simply nod in agreement. "Young Master, you make the decisions!"

After temporarily reassuring Liu San, one of the two Dao Integration cultivators of the Medicine King Sect, Li Fan headed to the newly built artifact refinement workshop in Longevity Valley. There, he met another Dao Integration cultivator—Fang Zaiji.

At this moment, Fang Zaiji was staring intently at the Medicine King True Cauldron floating in the air before him, his eyes filled with fascination.

After relocating to Longevity Valley, Li Fan had placed the Medicine King True Cauldron here for Fang Zaiji to study. Beyond providing some comfort, Li Fan also hoped that Fang Zaiji’s artifact refinement skills would improve further—ideally to the point where he could enhance and modify the Medicine King True Cauldron.

As for why this was necessary...

In this lifetime, Li Fan intended to use his clone to control the Medicine King True Cauldron and break free from the Xuanhuang Realm, plunging into the Immortal Ruins to uncover its secrets!

He wanted to see with his own eyes—the figure within the Immortal Ruins. Was it alive or dead? What did it truly look like?

Li Fan knew that upon approaching the Immortal Ruins, the terrifying gravitational pull would warp even time and space.

A mere moment inside the Immortal Ruins could mean tens of millions of years had passed in the outside world.

Under normal circumstances, if one were to send an clone to explore, the immense time dilation would make it impossible to receive any information. The original body would simply perceive a loss of connection, and before any message could be transmitted back, the main body would have perished from the passage of time.

But Li Fan had a way to circumvent this issue.

It was thanks to the new ability [Incarnation] that he had awakened after absorbing the remnants of Tianyang.

Transforming into an object—traversing the ages!

In his previous life, with only a Golden Core cultivation, he had managed to exist in an [Incarnation] state for over three thousand years. Now, with his Five Elements Cave Heaven having elevated him to the Nascent Soul stage, his strength had undergone a qualitative transformation. Furthermore, he had awakened the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra, which should allow him to endure even longer.

It would be enough to withstand the long years and wait for his clone’s report.

The Immortal Ruins concealed great secrets, including but not limited to the lost history of the Xuanhuang Realm and its future destiny.

If he could glimpse its truth, it would be of immense significance to Li Fan—perhaps even revealing the mystery of the Fallen Immortals!

Of course, all of this was based on the premise that the Medicine King True Cauldron could withstand the terrifying gravitational force of the Immortal Ruins for long enough without disintegrating.

"The Medicine King Sect, due to material and cost limitations, did not forge the Medicine King True Cauldron from the highest-grade materials. However, its artifact refinement philosophy and techniques are unique and worth studying."

"Give me enough time, and I will definitely return to you a stronger Medicine King True Cauldron!"

When Li Fan presented his request for strengthening the cauldron, Fang Zaiji responded with this firm declaration.

And Fang Zaiji was indeed highly skilled. The small cauldrons he casually refined in recent times were far superior to those used by disciples, already carrying traces of the True Cauldron’s essence.

At that moment, Fang Zaiji was so engrossed in his work that Li Fan had to call out to him several times before he finally snapped out of it.

Li Fan then narrated the events of the disappearance of Congyun Sea and the existence of Carefree Heavenly Sovereign.

Unlike Liu San’s shock, Fang Zaiji remained exceptionally calm.

He merely responded with a simple "Oh," before once again focusing his gaze on the Medicine King True Cauldron.

After a while, seeing that Li Fan had not left, he finally asked, "Sect Master, is there anything else?"

Li Fan hesitated briefly before saying, "I intend to return to Congyun Sea. However, since the calamity has only recently passed, I am uncertain about the current situation. There may still be hidden dangers, so I would like to ask you to accompany me."

Fang Zaiji’s expression instantly brightened.

He smirked smugly and said to Li Fan, "So, you finally understand who’s truly reliable in critical moments, huh? That Liu San is nothing more than a short-sighted servant who got lucky. When real trouble arises, you still have to rely on me!"

"Let’s go! We’ll set off immediately! With me here, you will be safe!"

Li Fan simply smiled and nodded without arguing.

Without alerting the other members of Longevity Valley, Li Fan and Fang Zaiji headed east, swiftly traveling toward Congyun Sea.

With Fang Zaiji’s assistance, they neared their destination in just over ten days.

However, upon entering Shilin Prefecture, Fang Zaiji suddenly halted and cast a glance toward the neighboring Yuandao Prefecture, his expression turning serious.

"Strange..." Fang Zaiji furrowed his brows, then shook his head and muttered to himself.

Li Fan’s heart stirred, but he feigned surprise and asked, "Sir, what’s the matter?"

"I sensed a familiar aura," Fang Zaiji explained.

"A familiar aura? Could it be an old acquaintance?" Li Fan asked, astonished.

"No, it seems like [Heavenly Capital Purple Qi], but there’s something slightly different about it," Fang Zaiji observed the distant scene carefully before speaking again.

"Heavenly Capital? That name sounds familiar, but I can’t quite recall it," Li Fan followed Fang Zaiji’s gaze and pondered aloud.

Fang Zaiji chuckled, "It’s no surprise that you juniors don’t know. Even Liu San might not have heard of the name [Heavenly Capital]. I only learned of it during my travels, when I explored with the direct disciples of the Ten Great Immortal Sects."

"You must have heard of the Xuantian Sect, right? Back then, the Xuantian Sect was at its peak, dominating the Xuanhuang Realm. The so-called Ten Great Immortal Sects were nothing more than its vassals, treated like mere cattle and horses."

"Under normal circumstances, we cultivators would never have had a chance to rise up."

"But one day, a surge of purple qi descended from the heavens, transforming into a massive, towering city that hovered in the sky."

"The Xuantian Sect swiftly issued a decree forbidding anyone from approaching. But some cultivators, disregarding the risks, ventured inside."

"And that… was the origin of the Ten Great Immortal Sects!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 665


"Is this truly the case?"

"Each of the Ten Great Immortal Sects is an unquestionable giant. What exactly exists within that colossal city in the sky that could give rise to such mighty immortal sects?" Upon hearing this, Li Fan was visibly shocked, exclaiming in disbelief.

Fang Zaiji nodded slightly. "When I first learned of this, I, too, found it hard to believe. However, after extensive inquiries, I have confirmed that this is indeed true. The Ten Great Immortal Sects were able to rise so suddenly precisely because of the opportunities they obtained in [Heavenly Capital]!"

Before Li Fan could ask further, Fang Zaiji continued, "It is said that within Heavenly Capital, though it appears empty and devoid of any living beings, at the very center of a pavilion sits a solitary figure in meditation. Standing beside this figure is a child attendant. The figure’s face is indistinct, yet it seems to be preaching to the void ahead. Countless profound and mystical Daoist discourses, resonant like grand bells and mighty drums, echo in the ears of all who hear them. What’s even more astonishing is that each person hears something different."

"Entranced by the teachings, they immerse themselves completely. But when they awaken from their enlightenment and try to listen further, they find they can no longer hear anything from the figure. Instead, the child attendant beside the figure merely waves a hand and expels them from the pavilion."

"Upon leaving, these cultivators compared their insights and discovered that their revelations stemmed from their original knowledge, yet they had become exponentially more profound—countless times more exquisite than what their sects had taught them!"

"Thereafter, no matter how hard they tried, they were never able to enter the pavilion again."

Fang Zaiji sighed slightly. "These cultivators understood the immense value of this opportunity. As they quietly left Heavenly Capital, they informed their sect members to come. However, perhaps it was precisely this action that alerted the Xuantian Sect. Not only did the sect begin hunting down those who had left Heavenly Capital, but it also sent its forces to completely seal off the floating city in the sky."

"This act of disrespect seemed to provoke the discontent of the mysterious figure within Heavenly Capital. The child attendant was sent to confront them. The details of this battle remain unknown, but the outcome was that although the Xuantian Sect retreated in disgrace, no other cultivators could enter Heavenly Capital afterward either."

"However, from time to time each year, strands of purple qi would descend, dispersing across the Xuanhuang Realm. Those fortunate enough to obtain them, while not experiencing the figure’s Daoist teachings firsthand, would still gain insights nearly as profound."Li Fan pondered for a moment, then frowned. "What became of Heavenly Capital afterward? Why is it that in our time, so few have even heard of it?"

"Heavenly Capital remained suspended in the sky for a full ten years. Then, just as it had mysteriously appeared, it vanished without a trace, unnoticed by anyone."

"Not long after that, tensions between the Xuantian Sect and the Immortal sects had escalated beyond reconciliation. Amidst the war that engulfed the entire Xuanhuang Realm, no one had the time to concern themselves with the vanished Heavenly Capital."

Fang Zaiji sighed. "By the time of our generation, Heavenly Capital had already become nothing more than a legend spoken of in idle conversations."

At that moment, realization dawned on Li Fan. "I recall now—when I looked into the Tianxuan Mirror, I once read about a Dao Integration cultivator named Lan Yu from Yuandao Prefecture. He claimed to be a direct successor of the Grandmaster of Heavenly Capital. However…"

A trace of doubt appeared on Li Fan’s face. "I have also heard that in ancient times, Heavenly Capital fell from the sky for some unknown reason. Even now, remnants of Heavenly Capital can still be found across the land."

"What? Heavenly Capital fell?" This time, it was Fang Zaiji’s turn to be stunned.

"Impossible! Absolutely impossible!" A moment later, Fang Zaiji firmly denied this claim. "If Heavenly Capital had truly collided with the Xuanhuang Realm, it’s hard to say which would have suffered more!"

"Sir, you mean to say…?" Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

"That’s right. Heavenly Capital very likely originates from the legendary Immortal Realm! And the mysterious figure within it could very well have been an actual immortal! The reason why the cultivators of the Ten Great Immortal Sects were unable to perceive the figure clearly is that after ascending to immortality, one undergoes a fundamental transformation in the nature of existence—far beyond the comprehension of ordinary cultivators!" Fang Zaiji declared with conviction.

"Another immortal… So it did not fall after all?" Li Fan neither confirmed nor denied it. He thought of the unknown entity hovering over Yuandao Prefecture, devouring time itself. Perhaps, some unforeseen event had indeed led to this bizarre phenomenon…

Seeing Li Fan’s skepticism, Fang Zaiji snorted. "You cannot understand the power of a true immortal unless you witness it with your own eyes. If you were fortunate enough to obtain even a single wisp of [Heavenly Capital Purple Qi] like I did, you would know that my words are no exaggeration. By the way, that Lan Yu who claims to be from the lineage of the Grandmaster of Heavenly Capital may not be lying. After all, the Heavenly Capital Purple Qi contains many inheritances from that Grandmaster."

Li Fan was slightly taken aback. "Sir, you once obtained a wisp of Heavenly Capital Purple Qi?"

Fang Zaiji smirked proudly. "Of course! Back then, I was just a naive child who stumbled upon this fortune without knowing its true origins. Otherwise, how could a nobody like me, without any sect or lineage, have cultivated to the Dao Integration realm? And why would those arrogant disciples of the Ten Great Immortal Sects even bother to mention this hidden past to me? They must have sensed the presence of Heavenly Capital Purple Qi within me."

"The so-called ‘Grandmaster of Heavenly Capital’—could it be the figure within Heavenly Capital?" Li Fan asked after a brief silence.

Fang Zaiji rolled his eyes. "What are you thinking? I already told you—that figure was most likely a true immortal. If an immortal chooses not to reveal their identity, how could mere mortals ever know who they are? Moreover, even those cultivators of the Ten Great Immortal Sects who had the privilege of listening to the immortal’s teachings likely wouldn’t dare to claim they had received the immortal’s direct inheritance."

"The ‘Grandmaster of Heavenly Capital’ we refer to was actually the child attendant standing beside the figure. The Ten Great Immortal Sects were founded after only briefly listening to the immortal’s discourse—can you imagine the level of mastery possessed by the Grandmaster who stood beside the immortal for an eternity?"

"The Heavenly Capital Purple Qi contains the Grandmaster’s interpretations of the immortal’s teachings, encompassing countless disciplines. Even a single trace of it would be a lifelong treasure for a mortal."

"The wisp I obtained long ago contained only a fragment of the Grandmaster’s insights on artifact refinement." Fang Zaiji glanced toward the direction of Yuandao Prefecture as he spoke.

Li Fan finally understood.

The Ten Great Immortal Sects had received direct guidance from an immortal.

The Heavenly Capital Purple Qi, however, contained the insights of the Grandmaster of Heavenly Capital, who had spent years absorbing the immortal’s teachings. Though this knowledge was a step removed from the source, it was still powerful enough to create a Dao Integration cultivator with ease.

"This… This is the true abyss between mortals and immortals. The gap is even greater than that between mortals and cultivators," Li Fan sighed in his heart.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 666


"If the Heavenly Capital truly fell, then what exists now must be a replica created by later generations as a tribute," said Fang Zaiji.

Although Li Fan nodded in agreement on the surface, he harbored his own thoughts deep within.

Fang Zaiji repeatedly claimed that the phantom in the Heavenly Capital held infinite mysteries and was undoubtedly a True Immortal. However, from beginning to end, this matter exuded an eerie aura.

For many years after the severance of the Immortal Path, a True Immortal unexpectedly passed through the Xuanhuang Realm. Not only that, but this Immortal willingly preached and imparted divine teachings to mere cultivators, who were nothing more than ants in his eyes.

Ask yourself: how many cultivators, after passing by mortal cities, would benevolently descend and teach the mortals the ways of cultivation?

More often than not, wouldn't they be like Shuo Feng—who, with a single careless sword strike, would massacre all the mortals without a second thought?

For audacious cultivators who dared to intrude, merely being spared was already a mercy. Why, then, would such a being take the trouble to teach them?

Moreover, if Fang Zaiji’s words were true, then there was something clearly wrong with the figure in the Heavenly Capital. His preaching might not have been intentional but rather an automatic occurrence.

If that were the case, then the child standing beside that phantom—the so-called Grandmaster of the Heavenly Capital, the only one who ever took action—would be highly suspicious.

"Perhaps this person was drawn in by the Immortal Ruins and was forced to descend into the Xuanhuang Realm. His actual strength might not even qualify as a true Immortal. However, since the Xuantian Sect failed to take the Heavenly Capital, he must have been incredibly powerful. At the very least, he was at the Half-Step True Immortal stage, on par with the ‘Xuantian King’ of the Xuantian Sect.""And allowing cultivators from the Ten Great Immortal Sects to enter the Heavenly Capital might have just been a ploy to cause trouble for the Xuantian Sect. After all, what truly concerns an Immortal should be matters of their own level."

"Immortal Spiritual Energy?"

Almost instantly, Li Fan, as if he were a conspiracy theorist, constructed an elaborate scheme in his mind.

Though his thoughts were purely speculative, one thing was nearly certain—the abnormalities in Yuandao Prefecture were undoubtedly connected to the Heavenly Capital.

"As a fellow inheritor of the Heavenly Capital’s Purple Qi, sir, are you not interested in visiting Yuandao Prefecture?" Li Fan asked tentatively.

Fang Zaiji shook his head repeatedly. "Haha, I'd rather not. A Dao Integration cultivator who has lived for thousands of years is far stronger than I am. If I go, wouldn’t that be like walking into a tiger’s den? Sect Master, let’s stick to our real mission."

Li Fan smiled slightly and nodded.

After this brief detour, the two of them traveled for more than half a day before finally arriving at the border of Shilin Prefecture.

However, the sight before them made Li Fan’s pupils constrict.

In the distance, the land had sunken, scorched black. Rivers of black molten lava flowed in all directions, radiating a post-apocalyptic atmosphere.

From time to time, pillars of black flames would erupt from the depths of the earth, spreading through the air and distorting the atmosphere with their blistering heat.

What truly made Li Fan’s heart pound was the unsettling sight of countless pitch-black voids scattered irregularly across the ground and sky of this charred basin.

Like a worm-eaten apple, the land was riddled with scars.

Moreover, Li Fan soon realized that these dark voids were not completely static. Rather, they seemed to possess a life of their own, writhing slowly, or suddenly jumping to a different location—devouring everything within their reach.

Even Fang Zaiji, a Dao Integration cultivator, looked grim in the face of such an eerie scene.

"Sect Master, are you sure we should proceed?" he asked hesitantly.

Li Fan did not respond immediately. Instead, he carefully observed for a long time.

"If we're careful, there shouldn't be a big problem. Those void caverns seem to shift unpredictably, but in reality, they follow a set pattern. They only teleport to relatively empty areas and will not appear near existing caverns."

"So, as long as we maintain a certain distance from the void caverns and keep moving forward, we should be fine."

"Besides, don’t we still have the True Cauldron of the Medicine King?"

As he spoke, Li Fan tossed the Medicine King Cauldron toward a pitch-black void not far away.

"Sect Master!" Fang Zaiji exclaimed in a low voice.

The Medicine King Cauldron emitted an earthy-yellow glow that enveloped itself. In the midst of the void, though the glow gradually dimmed, it still managed to persist for over ten breaths of time.

"See? Even if we accidentally enter, this amount of time would be more than enough for us to escape." Retrieving the Medicine King True Cauldron, Li Fan looked at Fang Zaiji and said with a smile.

"Sect Master, you're far too reckless! What if something happened to the Medicine King True Cauldron? What then?" Fang Zaiji muttered.

"Isn't that why you're here? Even if the Medicine King Cauldron were lost, I believe you, sir, could refine a new one for our Medicine King Sect." Li Fan replied nonchalantly.

Hearing this, Fang Zaiji couldn't help but smile and stopped nagging. He followed Li Fan, controlling the Medicine King Cauldron as they flew into the scorched basin.

Li Fan carefully oriented himself and cautiously made his way toward the location in his memory.

"This is truly terrifying… How could such a catastrophe befall this once-thriving sea?" Fang Zaiji clicked his tongue in amazement as he observed the surroundings. "Back in our time, nothing like this ever happened. Judging by the situation, it seems the heavens intend to completely erase this place."

Li Fan remained silent.

Congyun Sea had always been vast, and now, in order to avoid the ever-present void caverns, their flying speed was even more affected. It took them over thirty days before they finally arrived at the entrance of the Small World of Exotic Beasts.

However, the sight before them made Li Fan’s expression darken.

The original entrance had been completely consumed by the void. Naturally, the passageway itself no longer existed.

Li Fan pondered for a moment and recalled that when Han Yi exited the Small World, he had done so from another location.

Thus, he set out for that spot.

Fortunately, luck was on their side this time. The entrance was not within the range of the void caverns but was instead hidden beneath pitch-black lava.

"Sect Master, what if we enter and this exit gets swallowed by the void? Wouldn't that mean we’d have no way to return?" Fang Zaiji noticed the issue as well. Just as Li Fan was about to step in, he abruptly stopped him and voiced his concern.

"No worries, I've made preparations."

As he spoke, Li Fan cleared away the black lava. Then, he retrieved a thin piece of paper from his storage ring and gently pressed it against the entrance of the Small World.

It was as if a drop of ink had fallen onto the paper—delicate patterns slowly emerged.

"This is…?" Fang Zaiji squinted his eyes, momentarily unable to recognize it.

"This is a Star-Stealing Lodging Talisman. It can replicate and record the spatial node data of this passageway. Once inside the Small World, we will perform the same process on the other end of the passage, allowing us to reconstruct a new pathway."

Once the patterns on the Stolen Star Lodging Talisman had fully formed, Li Fan took out a gate-shaped talisman seal and tossed it onto the thin paper.

Under the talisman’s influence, a faintly glowing door emerged.

"Young Master, the connection on this side is ready." From within the door, Liu San's voice could be faintly heard.

With a gentle flick of his finger, Li Fan sent the Star-Stealing Lodging Talisman into the passage.

"Mister Fang, let's go. Elder Liu will handle the preparations for the new passage in the Valley of Longevity."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 667


"Hmph, you actually kept this from me…" Fang Zaiji muttered under his breath as he followed behind Li Fan into the spatial passage.

"Hiss!"

As soon as they stepped into this small world, Fang Zaiji's vision blurred, and he saw dozens of Green-Winged Flying Serpents baring their fangs, lunging toward him.

"You beasts dare to attack me?!" His expression darkened as he waved his wide sleeve. Instantly, the space in front of him trembled, and the ferocious beasts were reduced to dust, leaving no remains.

The entrance was located at the bottom of a deep ravine, shrouded in mist, with faint traces of spiritual energy dispersing into the air. The disturbance caused by Li Fan and Fang Zaiji's arrival quickly drew the attention of countless beasts above.

Like waves of an unending tide, they charged forward fearlessly.

"Sir, please protect me while I work." Despite their overwhelming numbers, these beasts were at most at the Foundation Establishment stage, posing no real threat to Fang Zaiji, who had reached the Dao Integration realm. Li Fan smiled, spoke briefly, then took out a Star-Stealing Lodging Talisman and placed it at the passage entrance.

In no time, after completing the transcription of this spatial node, Li Fan sent the talisman to Liu San, who was preparing inside the Longevity Valley.

"Young master, constructing the spatial passage will take approximately thirty days. Will you return first, or…?" Liu San's voice faintly echoed through the gateway.

"No rush. I will explore this place with Mr. Fang first. With him here, Elder Liu, you need not worry about my safety," Li Fan replied."Hmph, it's exactly because you're with him that I am worried."

"What did you say?!" Fang Zaiji, still clearing out the beasts, suddenly turned around upon hearing this.

Just as he was about to argue with Liu San, he realized the connection had already been cut off. Feeling stifled, Fang Zaiji could only vent his frustration on the reckless beasts.

Before long, the creatures that had lived in this ravine for countless generations were slaughtered to near extinction.

Flying out of the gorge, Li Fan landed on a desolate plain. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and focused. The Black Bird Feather within him emitted a faint black glow. In an instant, he became aware of the omnipresent, free-flowing Heavenly Fortune within this small world.

Like a whale drawing in water, like leaves returning to their roots—without much effort, the Heavenly Fortune from hundreds of miles around surged eagerly into Li Fan's body.

Or rather, into the Black Bird Feather.

As he absorbed more and more of this power, Li Fan felt a shift within himself. With a mere flick of his finger and a thought, a massive rift split the ground with a thunderous roar.

Countless plants and beasts were swallowed by the crevice, while those that survived let out terrified howls. No longer caring about this sudden intruder, they frantically tried to flee.

Watching the beasts retreat, Li Fan stirred his thoughts, and suddenly, fierce winds swept through the heavens and the earth.

Sand and stones rose into the air, howling as they lifted the fleeing beasts into the sky—only to hurl them back to where they started.

These creatures, already lacking in intelligence, were completely overwhelmed by terror. Trembling, they collapsed to the ground.

Satisfied, Li Fan withdrew his power.

"My fortune is the heavenly fortune, my fate is the heavenly fate. Every word and deed carries the might of heaven and earth."

"Marvelous!" he thought to himself in admiration.

"Sect Master, was that… all your doing?" Fang Zaiji asked in shock.

Even with his Dao Integration cultivation, effortlessly splitting the earth and summoning stormwinds was no easy feat.

Li Fan simply smiled without answering.

For the next period of time, under Fang Zaiji’s protection, Li Fan continued gathering the free-flowing Heavenly Fortune within this world while making his way deeper into the wilderness.

If the Black Bird Feather’s faint guidance was correct, then Xiao Hei’s remains should be there.

During this journey, Li Fan discovered something rather intriguing…

The closer they got to Xiao Hei's corpse, the fewer human-like external features the beasts had. At the same time, these beasts became significantly stronger.

"The beasts in this small world belong to a branch of hybridized [Beastkind] that fuses humans and beasts. However, after thousands of years of reproduction across countless generations, the beastly bloodline has not weakened. Instead, it has exhibited an atavistic phenomenon."

"Interesting."

As Fang Zaiji cleared a path forward, Li Fan also noticed that some of these beasts had actually mastered various "spells" that allowed them to utilize the free-flowing Heavenly Fortune for combat.

This somewhat hindered Li Fan's ability to absorb Heavenly Fortune, but it was merely an inconvenience.

No matter what kind of divine abilities or mystical arts these beasts possessed, in the face of absolute power disparity, all of them were meaningless—they would all be crushed.

Fang Zaiji advanced relentlessly, while Li Fan leisurely followed behind, harvesting the remains.

"Mr. Fang, go easy on them. Leave some of the beasts alive. This place could make a fine ranch for our Medicine King Sect in the future." Holding a blue crystal core in his hand, Li Fan examined it carefully while giving his instructions.

"Whatever you say, Sect Master." The prolonged slaughter had made Fang Zaiji somewhat impatient. Now that Li Fan had spoken, he could rightfully slack off a bit, so he readily agreed.

This blue crystal core was something Li Fan had discovered within the corpse of a beast at the Golden Core stage.

It was identical to the beast cores described by Li Chenfeng—beast cores that the Empire’s cultivators relied on for cultivation.

Crushing the core, a surge of boiling-hot energy gushed forth like scalding water. As Li Fan absorbed it, he noticed that part of this searing, unfamiliar energy transformed into spiritual qi, flowing through his meridians. Another small portion dispersed into his physical body in tiny specks, strengthening his flesh and enhancing its resilience.

"Not bad, this is good stuff." Li Fan thought to himself.

At this moment, Fang Zaiji also noticed Li Fan’s actions. Casually slaughtering another beast, he retrieved a crystal core and absorbed it.

"Interesting… Back in the day, we cultivators couldn't absorb these demon cores. I never expected that after thousands of years, they would become usable to us!" After a brief moment, Fang Zaiji sighed.

"Indeed, the world has changed over these millennia!" Li Fan laughed in agreement.

"Perhaps this is precisely due to the fusion of demon beast and human bloodlines over the past thousands of years." Li Fan thought to himself, recalling those [Beastkind] that looked nearly identical to humans.

Continuing forward, they saw a towering black three-legged pagoda standing on the distant land. At its peak, a massive black bird stood with its wings outstretched.

"So it really is that thing." A glimmer of sharpness flashed in Li Fan’s eyes. The black bird’s appearance was exactly the same as the Xiao Hei he had encountered in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

As if sensing that Fang Zaiji’s power was utterly unstoppable, the beasts no longer attempted to hinder their approach.

Li Fan could only watch as thousands upon thousands of beasts knelt beneath the black three-legged pagoda, bowing their heads in reverence toward the black bird, as if pleading for mercy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 668


In Li Fan’s field of vision, under the worship ceremony of the exotic beasts, the drifting heavenly fate in the depths of the wilderness began to madly converge toward the top of the black three-legged tower.

Like a massive storm vortex, lightning flashed and thunder roared, making the sky darken ominously.

Seeing this, Li Fan attempted to use the Feather of the Black Bird to seize control of the heavenly fate. However, the outcome was clear—it was utterly futile. Compared to a mere feather, the black mysterious bird perched at the top of the three-legged tower was the true ruler of this beast race world.

Under that immense suction force, Li Fan even faintly sensed that the strands of drifting heavenly fortune he had previously absorbed into his body were beginning to loosen and show signs of being forcibly drawn away.

Although Fang Zaiji could not see the changes in heavenly fate, the increasingly lifelike appearance of the black mysterious bird was visible to the naked eye.

A solemn look flickered across his face, but he remained disdainful. "The dead are dead—do you really think bowing and begging will bring them back to life?"

Despite his words, Fang Zaiji remained extremely cautious. Without waiting for the beasts to complete their ceremony, he conjured a towering giant hand, gripping a massive gray-black hammer, and violently smashed it toward the black bird atop the tower.

"Buzz!"

The colossal hammer filled the sky, making even the towering three-legged tower seem like nothing more than a toy. As the hammer descended, a piercing boom erupted.

It was as if, in the next moment, the black three-legged pagoda and the thousands of exotic beasts below would be completely obliterated by the sheer force of the hammer! However, at that very instant, a bolt of lightning suddenly struck from the sky, smashing into the gray hammer. The hammer momentarily paused mid-air, and then dozens of massive lightning bolts, each as thick as a water bucket, rained down.

With each strike, the hammer’s form shrank slightly. In just a brief moment, the once-mountainous hammer had diminished to the size of an ordinary human tool.

As the lightning struck the tower's peak, Fang Zaiji’s expression subtly changed—not merely because the hammer was attacked, but because the very space around him underwent a cataclysmic shift.

Dark clouds rolled across the sky, thick and heavy, as if they could drip water. A yellow demonic wind howled, its razor-sharp edges slicing through the earth like sentient blades, all converging toward Fang Zaiji. Beneath his feet, violent earth fire erupted, like a furious dragon roaring to consume him. Chains of golden talismanic script emerged from the void without warning, coiling tightly around his limbs. Overhead, black lightning continued to flash.

It was as if the entire beast race world had declared him its mortal enemy. Wind, fire, thunder, lightning—every force in existence, under the decree of fate, launched an unrelenting assault upon him.

"Young Master, stay back for now," Fang Zaiji said seriously, tossing out a cyan bell that shielded Li Fan, who had already retreated to a safe distance.

Then, he opened his mouth and spat out thirty-six willow-leaf-shaped flying blades.

The emerald-green blades danced with extraordinary agility, as if they were alive. In an instant, they surrounded Fang Zaiji, effortlessly deflecting the raging wind, fire, and lightning.

With a composed expression, Fang Zaiji strode toward the spire of the pagoda. The golden chains wrapped around him tightened instantly, attempting to restrain him. Yet, his steps remained firm. After just a moment of resistance, cracks began to form in the space where the chains were anchored.

The chains stretched longer and longer. Ultimately, they could no longer withstand the force and shattered piece by piece, scattering golden light across the sky.

"The entire world stands against him—this is the ultimate form of the Formless Killing Intent. But even so, it cannot harm Fang Zaiji in the slightest. After all, this world is inherently weaker. No matter how fiercely it resists, it cannot contend against a Dao Integration-level powerhouse from another realm," Li Fan thought calmly as he observed from within the protective bell.

Fang Zaiji drew closer to the black three-legged pagoda, and the exotic beasts that had been bowing in worship gradually lost their composure.

Some, overwhelmed with fear, prostrated themselves even more fervently. Others, in blind panic, attempted to flee—only to be instantly executed by the leader-like beasts. Still, some, with reckless determination, charged at Fang Zaiji without regard for their lives, hoping to sacrifice themselves in a desperate attempt to exhaust this terrifying invader.

But their fate was already sealed. The power gap between the two sides was too vast. When Fang Zaiji finally stood atop the three-legged pagoda, looking down at the trembling, kneeling beasts below, he felt an overwhelming sense of boredom.

"How dull!" He snorted coldly before summoning Li Fan from the distance.

"Sect Master, is this the thing you were looking for?" Fang Zaiji asked.

Without the support of the exotic beasts' ritual, the Black Bird's projection at the pagoda's peak returned to its original form—it was merely the projection of a black bird statue.

The vast amount of drifting Heavenly Fate that had gathered above the tower, now unrestrained, began to scatter like flowing water toward the corners of the world.

Standing before the small black statue, Li Fan lifted his head and gazed at it. At the same time, he activated the divine ability [Heaven's Mandate is Mine], using the Black Bird’s Feather to frantically absorb the drifting Heavenly Fortune.

Like a hundred rivers converging into the sea, the process of absorbing Heavenly Fortune was astonishingly smooth. There was almost no resistance, and in less than half a day, Li Fan had completely drained the accumulated Heavenly Fortune in this place.

The effect was immediate.

With the three-legged pagoda as the center, within a radius of several thousand miles, every movement of the wind and grass was instantly perceivable to Li Fan with just a thought. Moreover, within this area, Li Fan nearly achieved the ability to replace Heaven itself."

Sunshine or storm, wind or rain—everything was under his control with a single thought.

After closing his eyes and searching for a moment, Li Fan furrowed his brows slightly.

He realized that Xiao Hei's remains were not here. The reason the beasts had been able to manipulate fate through their rituals was merely because the statue had been imbued with a trace of Xiao Hei's divine authority.

"No matter. As long as I remain in this minor world, I will find it sooner or later." Li Fan did not mind.

In the following days, Li Fan and Fang Zaiji traveled across the Beast Realm. Everywhere they went, the beasts had no power to resist and submitted one after another.

Any lingering thoughts of defiance quickly vanished when a new passageway was established, and Liu San led the main forces of the Medicine King Sect into the realm.

"Young Master, you’ve really found a great place this time! I was just worrying that Longevity Valley was too small for the disciples to train in!" Liu San scanned the Beast Realm with his divine sense and nodded in satisfaction.

"Most of these beasts are too weak to be of any real use, but they can still help with farming and managing the spiritual fields. The slightly stronger ones would make decent guards."

"This plan is feasible. Once I refine a batch of Beast-Controlling Rings, we won’t have to worry about these creatures going out of control."

...

With just a few casual remarks from the two Dao Integration cultivators, the fate of the Beast Realm’s creatures was already decided.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 669


With the disciples of the Medicine King Sect joining the management, Li Fan no longer had to worry too much.

After spending a month absorbing all the drifting Heavenly Fortune of the Beastkind Realm, he finally reached a qualitative transformation.

Within the feathers of the Black Bird, a faint image of a newly hatched chick—its feathers not yet grown—could be seen.

It bore some resemblance to Xiao Hei when it was young, yet there were also differences.

Li Fan closed his eyes, and in the next moment, the entire Beastkind Realm appeared before him like a sphere of glowing mist.

He could instantly perceive every detail of the realm with perfect clarity.

However, he also noticed that around the two Dao Integration experts, Fang Zaiji and Liu San, there were distortions in the light and shadow, making the area unclear. And this was despite the fact that the two had noticed Li Fan's gaze and had not actively attempted to block it.

"In the Xuanhuang World, the influence of a Dao Integration expert can span nearly an entire province. But in this small world, a Dao Integration cultivator can already rival the world itself. This is a natural difference in levels," Li Fan grasped in realization.

With a mere thought, he stepped forward, instantly crossing ten thousand miles to arrive at a clear spring atop a mountain peak.

Previously, when he and Fang Zaiji had swept through the Beastkind Realm, they had passed by this mountain. Yet, surprisingly, they had not noticed the pool at its summit.It was only after Li Fan had fully mastered the world's Heavenly Fate that he became aware of the anomaly here.

By the pool, there was a wooden hut. Li Fan pushed open the wooden door and stepped inside.

Inside the room, a Black Bird with feathers that had lost their luster stood proudly.

Though it still looked majestic, it no longer carried the breath of life.

"Xiao Hei..." Li Fan instantly recognized the Black Bird.

"So... it has died of old age?"

After observing for a while, Li Fan murmured to himself.

Even though its lifespan was far longer than that of a cultivator, this Heavenly Fate Black Bird had ultimately reached the end of its life, having lived since ancient times.

However, Li Fan soon noticed something unusual.

By all logic, Xiao Qing had lived in the same era as Xiao Hei, yet Qingluan birds were far weaker than Heavenly Fate Black Birds.

Moreover, Xiao Hei had fused with the Heavenly Fate of this world.

There was no reason why Xiao Qing was still alive while Xiao Hei had perished first.

"Could it be that Xiao Hei exhausted its lifespan for some reason?"

Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

Activating the divine ability [Heaven's Mandate is Mine], he shielded himself with the domain of Heavenly Fate and gently touched the Xuan Bird's corpse.

"Whoosh!"

Like a breeze, Xiao Hei's body instantly disintegrated into countless tiny particles, scattering into the air.

At the same time, countless blurry images flashed through Li Fan’s mind.

At first, the events mirrored what he had experienced in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Growing up joyfully alongside Xu Ke in the Beast Taming Sect, encountering Mr. Bai who intruded into the sect, and later being sent to the Sacred Beast Mountain of the Nanming…

Ultimately, Xiao Hei had failed the "Heart-Linking Ring" trial and was exiled here by Emperor Sanmo.

The difference was that, in the real timeline, Xiao Hei had missed the opportunity to meet Mr. Bai.

Without the True Profound Art of Creation, upon arriving in this small world, it could only cultivate using the divine abilities inherited through its bloodline.

Even after countless years, it barely managed to attain the [Heaven's Mandate is Mine] divine ability, but it had already become bound to the fate of this world.

Leaving this world was not impossible, but it came at an extremely steep price.

However, as long as one did not frequently leave their origin world—or replenished themselves with Heavenly Fate upon returning—it was not easy to suffer fatal damage.

Yet, Xiao Hei had chosen to do just that.

And the reason was...

Li Fan sifted through and examined Xiao Hei’s memories from after it arrived in the Beastkind Realm.

At the beginning, in order to prevent Xiao Hei from feeling lonely, Xu Ke would frequently send messages, sharing his experiences and observations.

"Xiao Hei, do you know how thrilling and dangerous this journey has been? We’ve encountered countless strange small worlds and were even hunted by demonic beasts!"

"At first, we thought someone had leaked information. But later, we realized it was just our bad luck—we ran into a group of demonic beasts that, for some unknown reason, also appeared in the small world. We struck first, but in the end, one of the beasts managed to escape, exposing our retreat."

"Luckily, we're almost at our destination!"

...

"Xiao Hei, Xiao Hei! Do you still remember Mr. Bai? I originally thought he was already incredibly powerful. But I didn’t expect him to be even stronger than I imagined! My senior brothers and I were sent to explore a small world, but unexpectedly, we encountered a terrifying monster!"

"It had nine heads, a colossal body lying across the sky! Every time it opened its mouth, it seemed as if it could tear apart and devour a portion of the world!"

"I thought I was doomed! That I would never see you again, Xiao Hei!"

"But before I left the Xuanhuang Realm, Senior Brother Lu Ya gave me a red string woven by Mr. Bai. Just as that nine-headed monster fixed its gaze on me, a thin thread suddenly shot out from the red string!"

"Before I could even react, the red thread slashed through the air like a sharp sword—instantly cutting off six of the monster’s heads!"

"And the red string didn’t stop there—it forcibly dragged the beast down from the sky!"

"I was completely stunned! Mr. Bai is truly incredible!"

...

"Xiao Hei, I have received an extremely important mission. I may not be able to contact you for a long time."

"I'm really sorry. But don’t worry, I’ll come back once it's over!"

...

"Xiao Hei, tell me, why is it that cultivators were originally humans too, yet once they step onto the path of cultivation, they become so ruthless toward their own kind?"

...

Scenes flashed rapidly before Li Fan’s eyes.

He now knew that Xu Ke had once come to this Beast Realm and met Xiao Hei.

At that time, Xu Ke had already grown into a refined and heroic young man.

Master and beast companion reunited, sitting by the clear pond atop the mountain, chatting for a long time.

But in the end, Xu Ke came in a hurry and left just as quickly.

Xiao Hei originally wanted to follow Xu Ke, but at the time, the restrictions set by Emperor Sanmo were still in place. Moreover, Xu Ke had said that great upheavals were occurring in the outside world, and if Xiao Hei left with him, it might be dangerous.

So, Xu Ke told Xiao Hei to wait here until the time was right—he would come back to take him away.

After their farewell, they communicated a few more times.

However, the intervals between their conversations grew longer and longer. Through the tone of Xu Ke’s messages, one could witness his growth.

Until one day…

Xiao Hei suddenly lost all sense of Xu Ke.

As Xu Ke’s companion beast, even though their master-servant bond had faded, a profound connection still existed between them.

No matter how many millions of miles apart they were, even across multiple worlds—

Xiao Hei could always faintly sense Xu Ke’s existence.

But now, for that connection to completely disappear, there was only one possibility.

Xu Ke was dead.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 670


As the Heavenly Fate Black Bird, Xiao Hei was naturally well aware of how extraordinary Xu Ke’s fortune was.

A Purple-Gold fourtune, one in a billion. No matter where he went, he could turn misfortune into blessings, transform crises into opportunities, and effortlessly obtain countless treasures and opportunities.

How could someone like him possibly die so easily?

Of course, destiny is not omnipotent. Possessing great fortune does not mean one is immortal. If an individual encounters a calamity beyond what their fate can withstand, they still face the risk of perishing.

However, aside from his own formidable destiny, Xu Ke also had the Red String Protection of Mr. Bai. Even a single strand from that red string was capable of severely injuring a top-tier powerhouse from the Demon Beast Clan, (Red Nine-Headed). The sheer might of Mr. Bai was simply unimaginable. From his last conversation with Xu Ke, Xiao Hei learned that there were still some remnants of that red string on Xu Ke’s wrist. Xiao Hei firmly believed that, no matter what dangers Xu Ke encountered in the Xuanhuang Realm, the remaining red string should have been enough to help him escape alive.

Therefore, Xu Ke’s inexplicable death was something Xiao Hei simply could not understand or accept. He vowed to uncover the truth behind Xu Ke’s demise.

When the seal placed by Emperor Sanmo weakened, Xiao Hei forcibly broke free from the restrictions of the Beast Realm, disregarding the shackles this world had imposed upon him. He sought to retrace Xu Ke’s life path and investigate the mystery surrounding his death.

The Xuanhuang Realm was vast, filled with innumerable subsidiary worlds. Trying to piece together the truth from mere fragments of past events was an incredibly difficult task. However, as the Heavenly Fate Black Bird, Xiao Hei had once been Xu Ke’s companion, bound by fate’s unseen threads. After spending a thousand years searching, a chance encounter finally led him to an expansive minor world—a place where a massive floating corpse of Red Nine-Headed lay suspended in the sky. At that moment, Xiao Hei knew he had found the right place.

Upon meeting an old acquaintance, the Azure Luan Bird, Xiao Hei finally learned the full story.

After escaping, the Beast Taming Sect found refuge in a minor world known as the Lingxu Realm. There, they experienced a period of relative stability. Though the spiritual energy in Lingxu was weaker than in the Xuanhuang Realm, it was still sufficient to sustain their disciples. However, due to the lingering restriction on practicing multiple cultivation paths, the sect devised a dual strategy for the future.Due to the continued restriction of 'incompatibility of cultivation techniques,' the Beast-Taming Sect devised two parallel future plans. The first was to gather the most talented disciples within the sect and have the sect leader and elders teach them everything they had learned in their lives, hoping that this group could eventually develop new cultivation techniques for the sect's members to practice. The second was to research a method that would allow disciples to establish a mental connection with beasts even without practicing the 'True Beast-Taming Technique.'"

Although Xu Ke lacked talent in comprehending Dao, he possessed an innate affinity with spirit beasts. Following the sect master’s guidance, he joined the group researching new methods of beast taming. Day after day, he immersed himself in studying the sect’s sacred artifact, the Ten Thousand Reincarnation Beast Wheel, losing himself in the pursuit of knowledge, unaware of time's passage.

One day, however, he received shocking news—his senior brother, Lu Ya, had suffered severe injuries and fallen into a coma. Despite everyone's objections, Xu Ke secretly returned alone to the Xuanhuang Realm.

At that time, a terrifying miasma had begun to spread from mortal bodies, engulfing the entire cultivation world. Upon his return, Xu Ke, too, became infected. Fortunately, his luck held, and he inexplicably recovered after seven days.

At the same time, the dying Lu Ya suddenly regained consciousness, his complexion returning to a healthy glow. However, Xu Ke knew it was nothing more than a final burst of energy before death. Grief overwhelmed him.

Lu Ya, however, remained serene. Dismissing everyone else, he called Xu Ke to his bedside.

That night, no one knew what the two of them talked about.

From that moment on, Xu Ke remained in the ruins of the Beast Taming Sect in the Xuanhuang Realm. When the Great Migration Plan was later initiated, he became the sole representative of the sect, tasked with relocating countless mortals to the Spirit-Devoid Small World.

A hundred years passed in the blink of an eye.

The final group of mortals was sent to the very minor world where Xu Ke had once encountered Red Nine-Headed.

Having completed his mission, Xu Ke never returned to the Beast Taming Sect in the Lingxu Realm. Instead, he deliberately severed all ties, hiding his identity and choosing to live among mortals.

Of course, this did not mean he lived as an ordinary mortal.

Without those around him realizing it, Xu Ke used the six severed heads of Red Nine-Headed, which had fallen into this world, as incubators. He combined them with gentler beast species he had brought from the Beast Taming Sect, breeding and cultivating various mutant spirit beasts.

His two loyal avian companions, Xiao Qing and Xiao Hong, never understood his true intentions. Yet, they assisted him, meticulously recording all his research findings.

Over the generations, the number and variety of mutant spirit beasts grew exponentially.

Though these mutant creatures were weaker than their original counterparts, their innate aggression had diminished. At the very least, they no longer attacked humans indiscriminately.

Many years passed, and the world witnessed an explosion of new exotic beast species.

Then, one day, Red Nine-Headed reappeared—without warning.

It seemed to still be haunted by lingering fear, lying atop the firmament and observing for a long time. Only after confirming that there were no threats did it finally relax. Accompanying it was a brown Great Peng. Both creatures looked extremely battered, with multiple scorch marks covering their bodies.

"If I had known earlier, I would have left with Lord Di Yi.. There was no need to suffer this humiliation in the Xuanhuang Realm!"

"Without the great leadership of Lord Di Yi, we demon beasts have indeed declined year after year. Originally, we thought that after the Great Catastrophe descended, humanity would soon be wiped out. But unexpectedly, powerful figures keep emerging one after another! This is simply unjust!"

"That guy from the Purple Heaven Sect is alright, not too outrageous. Speaking of true powerhouses, back in the day, I was right here..."

"Tsk tsk, the scars on my head still ache from time to time!"

The two fearsome demon beasts conversed freely in the sky, treating the many mortals of this world as nothing more than livestock to replenish their blood and vitality.

"Heh heh, big brother, don't take it to heart. Once we devour this realm and restore our strength, we'll go and settle the score with those people!" The Great Peng's eyes were fixed on the shivering mortals below, its saliva nearly dripping.

However, among demon beasts, hierarchy was strict.

"Big brother, please go first!" The Great Peng forcibly suppressed its hunger and flattered its companion.

Red Nine-Headed let out a cold snort, and in an instant, its body expanded once more. Its three remaining heads opened their enormous bloodthirsty mouths, ready to swallow this entire world.

But at that very moment, it caught sight of that familiar streak of red once again.

"How is this possible...?!"

This time, Red Nine-Headed was not as lucky as before.

Threads of silk directly pierced through its body, dragging it down from beyond the world.

Seeing its elder brother being slain in an instant, the Great Peng was so terrified that its soul nearly shattered.

No longer caring about any bonds of kinship, it transformed into a streak of black light and fled in panic.

The mortals, whose eyes could not perceive the full extent of what had transpired, only saw the two ferocious demon beasts about to commit atrocities—only to be slain by an immortal at the last moment.

Rejoicing in their miraculous survival, they erupted into cheers, chanting praises of the immortal’s divine grace and power.

Only Xu Ke, standing among the crowd, silently caressed the now noticeably thinner red string around his wrist, saying nothing.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 671


The corpse of Red Nine-Headed came at the perfect time to resolve Xu Ke's urgent dilemma.

With the increasing variety and number of exotic beasts, the six original heads used as breeding vessels had gradually been depleted.

Red Nine-Headed, despite being a single entity, possessed nine heads, each with a distinct personality.

Perhaps it was precisely this unique biological trait that allowed the exotic beasts cultivated from it to evolve in countless different directions.

If the breeding materials had been replaced with other equivalent demon beasts—such as that brown peng—it might not have produced the same effect.

Thus, the arrival of Red Nine-Headed was incredibly timely.

According to Xu Ke's calculations, once the number of existing exotic beast species reached a certain threshold, even without the flesh and blood of Red Nine-Headed, the sheer vastness of their population would be sufficient to sustain their self-propagation and evolution.

With that in mind, Xu Ke shifted his focus to how to control these exotic beasts.

Since most of the world's exotic beasts had been cultivated from Red Nine-Headed’s flesh and blood, and given his past research on the Ten Thousand Beasts Reincarnation Wheel, Xu Ke, after several generations of mortal lifetimes, finally devised the Unified Heart Technique—an advanced method of communication and control based on insights from the ancient text True Beast-Taming Technique.

After Xu Ke imparted this technique to the mortal tribes of this world, humans quickly established complete dominion over the land by commanding the countless exotic beasts within it. In doing so, they founded a vast human empire.Xu Ke was revered by the mortals as the "Holy Emperor", while Xiao Qing and Xiao Hong, his two lifelong companions, were honored as the "Holy Masters".

However, despite being exalted as an emperor, Xu Ke showed little interest in the mundane affairs of mortals.

He delegated authority, allowing humanity to govern itself. As for himself, he became increasingly reclusive, engaged in mysterious endeavors that even Xiao Qing and Xiao Hong knew nothing about.

Then, one day, Xu Ke unexpectedly brought a young boy before them.

He claimed that this was his descendant, created through his research on the gift left by the ancient being Di Yi. He had developed a technique known as the "Holy Blood Embryo Transformation", allowing him to generate offspring from his refined blood essence.

The Holy Blood Embryo Transformation was a technique that converted a portion of one’s own blood essence into an embryo capable of inheriting the majority of the creator’s memories.

This embryo required no maternal womb—only sufficient nourishment—and could mature into a human child in just seven days.

Moreover, both physical strength and intelligence would develop to an exceptionally high level.

Staring at the unfamiliar yet eerily familiar child, Xiao Qing and Xiao Hong felt a sense of unease creeping into their hearts.

Their premonition was correct.

Xu Ke instructed them not to interfere with human affairs unless the empire faced an existential crisis.

As for the Holy Embryo, bearing his bloodline, it would only serve as a puppet emperor.

After leaving these final instructions, Xu Ke abruptly departed.

He disclosed nothing about his destination and vanished without a trace.

Until Today, Many years later, Xiao Hei appeared at their doorstep.

By then, Xu Ke's aura had completely vanished—a fact Xiao Qing and Xiao Hong had already sensed.

Faced with Xiao Hei's furious accusations, the two could only remain silent, bearing the weight of her anger.

But after venting, Xiao Hei calmed down.

He knew Xu Ke well—his carefree yet stubborn nature.

Once he made a decision, not even Xiao Qing or Xiao Hong could change it.

When he saw his descendants—the Holy Embryo, now self-propagating through more than a dozen generations—Xiao Hei felt a deep sense of disappointment.

Though traces of Xu Ke’s presence still lingered in them, even their aura faintly resembled his…

But…

It was not Xu Ke.

Without a word, Xiao Hei turned and left the empire, never to return.

For years, Xiao Hei wandered through countless minor worlds, tirelessly searching for the true cause of Xu Ke’s disappearance.

But in the end, he found nothing.

His years of roaming beyond the Primordial World had drained his lifespan at an alarming rate.

As his final moments approached, Xiao Hei returned to the last place where he had seen Xu Ke.

There, lost in memories, he silently awaited death.

...

Xiao Hei’s body completely turned to dust, scattering into the heavens and earth.

Meanwhile, the image of Xiao Hei on the Black Bird Feather within Li Fan’s body grew increasingly vivid.

"Xiao Hei once merged with the world of the Beast Realm. Although he perished when his lifespan ended, by gathering the remnants of his drifting fate and using this feather from his own body..."

"Perhaps a form of rebirth could be achieved."

"However, even if it succeeds, this Xiao Hei will no longer be the same as before."

Li Fan shook his head slightly.

Leaving the wooden house, he arrived at the clear pool atop the mountain peak.

Raising his right hand, in the next moment, a brown jade bottle containing several grams of vital blood flew out from beneath the water, landing in Li Fan's palm.

The bottle was sealed with several layers of restrictions set by Xiao Hei, preserving the blood’s vitality even after thousands of years.

“There’s no rush. I should first uncover the mysteries of Han Yi’s statue.”

After a moment of contemplation, Li Fan put away the jade bottle.

With a single step, he returned to the black three-legged pagoda.

Through his perception, he noticed the disciples of the Medicine King Sect busy in various corners of the Beast Realm.

Judging by their movements, they seemed to be engraving a formation onto the land.

“Elder Liu, what are you all working on?”

After carefully observing for a while but failing to recognize the formation, Li Fan asked curiously.

"Heh, this was my idea!" Before Liu San could respond, Fang Zaiji hurriedly spoke up to claim credit.

"This world, while vast enough for our disciples to relax and train, has spiritual energy that is far too thin, making long-term cultivation difficult. On the other hand, the Longevity Valley is rich in spiritual energy. So, we are planning to transfer some of the spiritual energy from Longevity Valley to this place—of course, only on the condition that it does not affect the valley’s medicinal herbs."

Liu San then added, “For safety, I have already ordered the disciples to investigate whether any other passageways exist. If any are found, Old Fang and I will seal them off together.”

"This way, the only entrance from the outside world will be through Longevity Valley. And if Longevity Valley ever comes under attack and we are unable to resist, we can simply reopen the passage and retreat with ease."

"With this, the safety of our Medicine King Sect will be fully assured!"

Liu San explained proudly.

"Thank you both for your efforts."

Hearing this, Li Fan revealed a satisfied expression and nodded approvingly.

After entrusting Liu San and Fang Zaiji with the task of managing the connection between Longevity Valley and the Beast Realm, Li Fan took the Black Bird Feather infused with the fate of a small world.

He once again approached Han Yi’s stone statue.

As he felt an immense suction force coming from the statue, Li Fan focused his mind. Streams of fortune surged from the Black Bird Feather, counteracting the suction force.

At the same time, he pushed his speed to the limit and flew rapidly toward Han Yi.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 672


With every inch he advanced, the suction force drawing in his fate grew stronger.

The world’s heavenly fate stored within the Black Bird Feather gushed out uncontrollably, like a flood bursting through a dam, making Li Fan’s expression change slightly.

The terrifying Fortune-draining ability of Han Yi’s stone statue exceeded his expectations.

If it were an ordinary cultivator, they would likely be drained of all their fortune in an instant, bringing calamity upon themselves and dying on the spot!

Even someone as blessed with fortune as Xu Ke would struggle to last long here.

However…

An individual’s fortune alone was indeed incapable of sustaining itself within this fortune-absorbing domain. But the fate of an entire world—now, that was a different story.

After all, the stone statue had a limit to how quickly it could absorb fortune. Even as Li Fan rapidly approached its side, the amount of fortune being drained each moment was nothing compared to the immense reserves stored within the Black Bird Feather—merely a drop in the ocean.

By Li Fan’s estimation, even if he remained stationary and allowed the statue to absorb his fortune freely, it would still take at least half a day to fully deplete it!

"This is what is meant by 'Divine Powers Cannot Overcome Heavenly Fate!"Once again drawing upon the world’s heavenly fate stored within the Black Bird Feather, Li Fan enveloped himself in a protective barrier, ensuring his absolute safety before quietly observing the Han Yi stone statue before him.

Its face was frozen in terror, eyes filled with despair—so lifelike, as if time itself had stopped at the very moment it suffered a fatal blow.

"Han Yi must have encountered the Fisherman before ending up like this. Was it the Fisherman’s doing, or the effect of the Heavenly Fortune Sutra?"

Li Fan did not act recklessly but instead carefully analyzed the situation.

"Neither alive nor dead… something is strange about this."

Previously, through the Cloud-Water Dream Art, Li Fan had gained a general understanding of the Heavenly Fortune Sutra. However, none of its recorded techniques described such an eerie transformation.

If anything came close, it would be a divine ability known as [Severing Fortune, Return to the Pivot].

This technique allowed one to sever their own fortune in moments of life-threatening danger—completely cutting off all ties to the world and entering an realm of the Pivot, where there is no space and no self.

In this state, one’s body and mind would completely stagnate, as if they had escaped into the void itself, making them undetectable by others.

The state of returning to the Pivot may last anywhere from several months to several years, only gradually restoring itself once all external threats had passed.

It was a technique with severe side effects but also unparalleled survival potential.

"Perhaps the Fisherman’s attack interacted with [Severing Fortune, Return to the Pivot], leading to the creation of this stone statue."

After a long period of contemplation, Li Fan came to a realization.

"Although Han Yi activated this life-preserving divine ability, the power gap between him and the Fisherman was simply too vast. He didn’t even have time to fully enter the Returning To Pivot state before he was struck by the Fisherman’s technique."

"Hmm…"

"The Fisherman likely had no intention of killing Han Yi. He was merely searching for clues regarding the Heavenly Calamity Sword within Han Yi’s mind. But even so, Han Yi couldn’t endure it. The sheer force of the attack engulfed him, turning him into this stone-like state."

"Severing fortune means returning one’s fortune to the heavens—essentially forsaking it. But now, this state has transformed into one that absorbs fortune from the outside world instead."

"Is this due to the Fisherman’s attack?"

Li Fan’s thoughts raced, his expression turning serious.

After a while, he emerged from his deep contemplation and gazed at Han Yi’s frozen figure, his eyes cold.

"If this were a normal Return to Pivot state, you would eventually wake up one day. But with the Fisherman’s interference… in your current condition, you will never return to normal again."

"A fate worse than death. Let me put you out of your misery."

As he spoke, Li Fan pointed a finger in midair and cast the Purple Heaven Soul-Viewing Technique on Han Yi.

At this moment, Han Yi's thoughts were in absolute stasis. Because of this, Li Fan faced no resistance as he roamed freely through Han Yi’s mind. Every secret, even the darkest corners of Han Yi’s heart, were laid bare before Li Fan.

It could be said that at this moment, Li Fan understood Han Yi better than Han Yi himself.

After extracting every single thought from Han Yi’s mind, Li Fan flicked his finger, releasing a streak of pitch-black sword light.

The dark sword light swiftly pierced through the statue’s chest.

In an instant, the statue disintegrated into countless tiny particles, scattering into the heavens and earth.

At the same time, the Fortune-draining Domain that had enveloped the statue vanished without a trace.

Rather than any ominous signs appearing in the sky due to a cultivator’s fall, an invisible storm instead surged in place. The fortune energy that Han Yi had absorbed over time also returned to the heaven and earth following Han Yi’s demise.

Li Fan would not let such a rare opportunity slip by. He immediately activated the Black Bird Feather, seizing the moment before this unclaimed fortune completely dispersed and devoured it all. Then, before anyone could notice the anomaly in this place, he quietly disappeared.

Returning to Longevity Valley, he did not disturb Liu San and the others, who were still busy.

Li Fan entered the Sect Master's secluded cultivation chamber, where he placed the brown jade bottle containing Xu Ke’s essence blood and the materials needed to refine a clone in front of him.

Just as he was about to start the process, an inexplicable sense of unease arose in his heart.

"I am currently at the early Nascent Soul stage. The clone I refine will be limited to the Peak Golden Core stage. I intend to use the clone to cultivate Han Yi’s Heavenly Fortune Sutra. But if I create the clone first and then have it cultivate and break through on its own..."

"The bottleneck imposed by the Calamity of Heaven may be even more rigid than my own, causing unnecessary delays. It would be better for my main body to cultivate first and break through to the Mid Nascent Soul stage. That way, I can achieve twice the result with half the effort."

After contemplating this, Li Fan temporarily put away the materials and ascended into the sky of the Beast Realm.

"I achieved my Nascent Soul through the Five Elements Cave-Heaven. To break through quickly, I must deeply comprehend the Laws of the Five Elements."

"In the Xuanhuang Realm, I would have to spend great effort searching for suitable opportunities. But in this Beast Realm..."

"The laws of the heaven and earth operate, the Five Elements circulate—all within my grasp!"

"Although this small world is of a lower tier, and I must avoid excessive entanglement with it due to what happened to Xiao Hei… It is still more than sufficient to aid my rapid breakthrough to Mid Nascent Soul."

Closing his eyes, Li Fan focused, and in an instant, a massive inverted hourglass seemed to appear in the sky. The Five Elements Power sustaining the Beast Realm was slowly drawn into it. As the Five Elements clashed, deafening explosions echoed through the air. The sky itself transformed into a brilliant tapestry of five-colored radiance, creating a breathtaking spectacle.

Liu San and Fang Zaiji looked up, gazing at Li Fan, who stood motionless above the clouds, and nodded slightly.

"Young Master's aura when cultivating is truly extraordinary. He has quite a bit of the old master’s demeanor!" Liu San said with some relief.

"Heh, I think even Liu Ruchen can’t compare to him!" Fang Zaiji retorted without giving Liu San any face.

Liu San’s expression stiffened, but surprisingly, he did not argue back this time.

"For the new to surpass the old—that is a good thing. Otherwise, wouldn’t our Medicine King Sect be doomed to repeat the past?"

"It is a good thing!" Liu San repeated.

Ordering the disciples not to disturb Li Fan’s cultivation, the two of them then joined forces to set up protective barriers around him, finally putting their minds at ease.

Time flowed on as Li Fan immersed himself in cultivation.

In the blink of an eye, two years passed.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 673


Everything fell into place naturally, without the slightest obstruction.

When Li Fan awakened from his secluded cultivation, he had successfully broken through to the mid-Nascent Soul stage.

“It has already been anchored for seventeen years…”

“After all, I only had the assistance of the Enlightenment Pill. Without the spirit-awakening effects of the Tianxuan Mirror, my progress was significantly slower.”

He checked his internal state. The scale of the Five Elements Cave-Heaven within his body had expanded more than threefold compared to the early Nascent Soul stage. Each Cave-Heaven was now brimming with vitality, no longer as eerily still as before. However, the emergence of true creation was still a little way off. The circulation of the Five Elements’ power had accelerated noticeably, as if something was brewing within his Cave-Heaven world.

At this point, Li Fan had achieved complete control over his own Five Elements Cave-Heaven and the Beast Realm. He was akin to the very Dao governing these worlds.

Yet, upon closer comparison, he noticed many differences between the two.

The Five Elements Cave-Heaven had been seized from the Xuanhuang Realm. Although he had integrated it into himself using new techniques, it was akin to how a mortal, despite owning their own body, could not exert absolute control over every function. The operation and evolution of the Cave-Heaven mostly occurred autonomously, following a set of inherent laws. While he could perceive every change occurring within it, his current level of comprehension was insufficient to fully understand, let alone manipulate or create at will.

The Beast Realm, however, was different. Wind and rain, thunder and lightning, ice and fire—every manifestation of the world's laws could be dictated at a single thought. If he wished, he could freeze the Beast Realm in a fixed state, preventing any future changes. At the same time, he could also reshape it as he pleased. Raising mountains or leveling rivers with a single thought was merely a trivial matter.

“Under normal circumstances, even if one seizes all the heavenly fortune of a small world, they wouldn’t be able to wield such absolute control in the beginning. It would take years of comprehension and resonance with the world’s origin. But this process has already been completed for me—Xiao Hei has paved the way. I am merely inheriting its legacy, reaping immense benefits.”Li Fan gazed at the familiar image within the Black Bird Feather in his body, suddenly realizing everything.

Shifting his focus back to the Beast Realm, he saw that two years had passed, and the world had undergone drastic transformations. The concentration of spiritual energy had surged, now only slightly weaker than the Xuanhuang Realm. The once barren land had become lush and full of life.

Various spirit herbs and medicinal plants were now categorized and cultivated systematically. Surprisingly, those tending the spiritual fields were none other than the beast species. However, their necks bore no sign of the so-called "Beast-Controlling Rings" that Fang Zaiji had previously mentioned.

Li Fan scanned the entire world with his divine sense and found that only the most powerful exotic beasts bore any signs of control.

“As long as the rulers are subjugated, the rest will follow. Dealing with these beast species indeed requires little effort.”

At this time, Liu San and Fang Zaiji were nowhere to be found within the Beast Realm. Passing through the spatial passageway to Longevity Valley, Li Fan discovered that the two were gathered, seemingly deep in discussion.

Sensing Li Fan’s presence, both of their faces lit up with a trace of joy.

“Sect Master, you have emerged from seclusion!”

“What has happened? You both seem somewhat tense,” Li Fan asked as he stepped forward.

“Congratulations, Young Master, on advancing your cultivation once again!” Liu San sized him up with a smile.

Fang Zaiji, however, directly explained the reason for their solemn expressions.

About half a year ago, a group of cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had arrived at the White Mist aboard the Samantabhadra True Boat. Initially, Liu San feared that their target was Longevity Valley and went on high alert, even mobilizing all the cultivators of the Medicine King Sect, preparing for the worst.

However, it soon became apparent that it was a false alarm. The cultivators did not stop at the entrance of Longevity Valley; their actual destination seemed to be even deeper within the White Mist.

Relieved, Liu San assumed that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators were merely passing through by coincidence.

However, what happened next made Liu San realize that he had been gravely mistaken.

Over the past six months, every once in a while, dozens of Samantabhadra True Boats filled with cultivators would sail deep into the White Mist. They seemed to be carrying out some kind of mission, exuding a faint yet chilling aura of determination. Occasionally, some cultivators would retreat from the depths of the White Mist, looking dejected and gloomy.

These cultivators were generally not of very high cultivation levels, but to be safe, Liu San refrained from probing too deeply—he merely observed from a distance.

Although the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance cultivators did not seem to be targeting the Medicine King Sect, their frequent passage through the area was concerning. No one could guarantee that, by coincidence, they wouldn’t discover the location of Longevity Valley. And if they did, who could say whether a conflict with the Medicine King Sect would break out?

Because of this, Liu San and Fang Zaiji remained on high alert during this time.

“This… is this a covert operation by the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, or is it an open and large-scale action? Do ordinary alliance cultivators even know about this?” After listening to their report, Li Fan's eyes flickered as he immediately asked.

“Ordinary cultivators are unaware of it—at least, from what we’ve gathered so far,” Fang Zaiji replied.

Li Fan pondered for a moment before saying, “Something about this is strange. We should stay put and observe for now. I’ll go out and investigate the truth before making a decision.”

Having full confidence in Li Fan’s abilities, the two immediately agreed.

Afterward, Liu San took out twelve jade bottles and handed them over. “These are the pills I refined during this period. Nine bottles contain a total of eighty-one Longevity Pills, two bottles hold twenty Supreme Emotionless Pills, and there is also one…”

Liu San paused for a moment, his expression turning slightly strange. “It is a Heart-Desire Ascension Pill.”

“Elder Liu, you've worked hard.” Li Fan put away the other pills and took the jade bottle containing the Heart-Desire Ascension Pill, intending to open it and inspect its contents.

But suddenly, Liu San stopped him.

“Is there something wrong with this pill?” Li Fan frowned.

Liu San let out a bitter smile. “This pill is not poisonous, but its actual harm is no less than that of the deadliest poisons in the world.”

“The Heart-Desire Ascension Pill is an extremely rare byproduct that can appear during the refinement of the Supreme Emotionless Pill. Any cultivator who consumes it will experience an overwhelming illusion of comprehending the Great Dao and achieving immediate ascension to immortality.”

At this point, Fang Zaiji added, “Furthermore, the more one consumes, the stronger this illusion becomes. In the end, those who become addicted to it will do anything just to relive the ‘taste of ascension’ once more.”

Li Fan instinctively tightened his grip on the jade bottle in his hand.

He now understood exactly what this so-called Heart-Desire Ascension Pill was.

“In the past, this pill caused massive turmoil, so it was completely forbidden under the jurisdiction of the Ten Great Immortal Sects . However, based on what our disciples have found, the current Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance does not seem to have banned this pill.”

“I thought this item might be of use to the Young Master, so I did not destroy it,” Liu San explained.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 674


"The addictive nature of this Heart-Desire Ascension Pill—how severe is it?" Li Fan weighed the jade bottle in his hand with interest and asked.

"The closer one is to the legendary True Immortal Realm, the greater the craving for it after consumption," Liu San said with an extremely solemn expression.

"Perhaps someone with an extraordinarily strong will could resist the temptation to take another one, but..." Liu San shook his head.

"At least, in our era, such individuals were exceedingly rare."

Li Fan's eyes flickered slightly as he stored the jade bottle away.

"If Elder Liu refines more of this pill in the future, you should keep them all. They may be useful at a critical moment," Li Fan instructed.

Liu San nodded in agreement.

"By the way, I also need to trouble Mr. Fang to refine a few protective artifacts for me." At this moment, Li Fan turned to Fang Zaiji and spoke.

"Oh? What kind does the Sect Master want?" The mention of his expertise immediately piqued Fang Zaiji's interest.

"At the very least, they should be able to withstand attacks from ordinary Soul Transformation cultivators. Can you manage that, Mr. Fang?" Knowing Fang Zaiji’s temperament well after spending time together, Li Fan deliberately set a lower requirement and smiled.As expected, Fang Zaiji, who was quite prideful about his craftsmanship, was provoked:

"Young Master, you underestimate me! Forget Soul Transformation cultivators—even refining artifacts that can withstand Dao Integration cultivators is not difficult! However..."

"It would just require more materials," Fang Zaiji murmured.

Seeing that this concerned the Young Master’s safety, Liu San spoke up:

"No problem. The Medicine King Cauldron still holds some materials, enough for you to craft them."

Fang Zaiji was momentarily stunned. "The Medicine King Cauldron? Impossible! I've studied it for so long—how could I have missed that?"

Liu San sneered. "Looks like your skills still have a long way to go."

Without further explanation, he flew into the Medicine King Cauldron. Moments later, he returned and casually tossed a storage ring to Fang Zaiji.

Fang Zaiji took the ring, glanced inside, and immediately cried out in excitement:

"Xuanwei Ancient Bamboo, Black Demon Gold, Purple Essence Sand...!"

"So many rare treasures?"

Liu San smirked dismissively. "Our Medicine King Sect was once one of the wealthiest sects. If we truly decided to withdraw, do you think we wouldn't have prepared adequately?"

A sudden thought made Liu San’s expression dim slightly.

"Don't worry about that—just focus on crafting the protective artifacts for the Young Master. If the materials aren't enough, you can ask me for more."

This time, Fang Zaiji did not argue. Instead, he gazed delightedly at the various rare materials in the ring and began contemplating what kind of artifacts to forge.

"Mr. Fang, could you craft a white robe and a folding fan for me?" At that moment, Li Fan suddenly suggested.

"A white robe... and a folding fan?" Fang Zaiji was stunned.

But seeing Li Fan's unquestionable gaze, he had no choice but to mutter in agreement.

After temporarily leaving the two, Li Fan entered a secluded chamber.

He once again took out Xu Ke’s blood essence and various materials. Following Xiao Hei’s memories of an adult Xu Ke’s appearance, he even enhanced the facial features, concentrating fully on refining a new clone.

This clone was crucial for obtaining the subsequent techniques of the Mountain-Sitting Art, so Li Fan was more meticulous than ever.

Seven days and nights passed.

A perfectly refined male body appeared before Li Fan.

His features were exceptionally handsome, his skin smooth and fair like porcelain. Stars seemed to glimmer in his eyes, and his faint smile carried an ethereal charm—like a banished immortal from the heavens!

Even Li Fan couldn't help but be momentarily captivated by the clone’s unparalleled beauty.

It was only then that he realized—while striving to perfect the clone’s appearance, he had unconsciously modeled it after the most handsome man he had ever seen—Mr. Bai.

This also resulted in the clone bearing a striking resemblance to Mr. Bai. Of course, it was only a resemblance. The general mold was still based on Xu Ke's appearance.

"There shouldn't be any issues, right?"

The clone's appearance was so flawless that even with some minor unexpected deviations, Li Fan had no intention of refining a new one.

"Besides, all of Xu Ke’s essence blood has already been used up. If I were to refine another one, it wouldn't be nearly as effective as this one."

Li Fan stared at the clone before him. After a moment of contemplation, he finally slashed his finger through the air, activating the clone.

The sensation of experiencing two perspectives simultaneously surged once again.

"Although it is at the Nascent Soul stage, it's merely an empty shell..."

"But that’s fine."

The clone dressed itself, sat cross-legged on the ground, and immediately began cultivating the Heavenly Fortune Sutra.

Meanwhile, the original body retrieved the Feather of the Black Bird and handed it to the clone.

Using a Foundation Establishment technique at the Nascent Soul stage was already an overwhelming advantage. Coupled with the terrifying heaven and earth fortune stored within the Black Bird Feather, the clone instantly absorbed it and completed the Foundation Establishment process.

However, the Foundation Establishment stage was far from sufficient to fulfill the clone’s mission requirements—it had to continue advancing.

Li Fan crushed several top-grade spirit stones, unleashing an incredibly pure aura that instantly formed a swirling vortex within the chamber, madly rushing into the clone’s body.

The clone absorbed and refined all the energy like a great whale drinking water.

In less than half a day, a Golden Core formed in the clone’s dantian.

The surface of the Golden Core occasionally flashed with a faint purple hue, radiating an extraordinary air of nobility.

"Though it is a single-method Golden Core, this Heavenly Fortune Technique is practically tailor-made for the clone. Furthermore, Xu Ke’s essence blood has a unique connection with the Black Bird Feather..."

"Its power might not be inferior to an ordinary Four-Method Golden Core." Li Fan nodded in satisfaction.

After the Golden Core stage came the Nascent Soul stage.

Under normal circumstances, to maintain a perfect disguise, one would have to find a Cave-Heaven for the clone to absorb.

However, thanks to the existence of the Beast Realm, this trouble was easily bypassed.

With a single thought, the original body carried the clone into the Beast Realm.

Compared to Li Fan himself, the clone was far more adept at perceiving and manipulating the world's fortune within the Beast Realm.

"Indeed, people should not be judged by the same standard."

Realizing the disparity between them, Li Fan couldn’t help but sigh slightly.

The clone closed its eyes and levitated mid-air.

Spiritual energy from all directions in the realm began converging upon him.

Even more astonishingly, mountains and rivers within the Beast Realm rose into the sky, rushing toward Li Fan’s feet.

The land compressed itself, forming a miniature Cave-Heaven at a speed tens of millions of times faster than natural evolution.

This grand spectacle naturally startled the disciples of the Medicine King Sect.

However, upon seeing their Sect Master, Li Fan, present, none dared to act recklessly.

Instead, all their gazes fixated on the breathtakingly handsome man beside Li Fan, unable to look away.

Privately, they speculated about his true identity.

Extracting nearly one-thirtieth of the Beastkind Realm’s world essence, a [Beast Realm Cave-Heaven] was formed.

Under the watchful eyes of many, the clone swallowed the Cave-Heaven into its body.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 675


With the successful formation of his Nascent Soul, the clone now exuded an even more ethereal and transcendent aura, as if detached from the mortal world.

Not to mention the ordinary disciples of the Medicine King Sect, who were staring in awe—even Liu San and Fang Zaiji, who had hurried over after sensing the disturbance, were momentarily stunned.

“With Xu Ke’s blood essence and appearance, combined with Mr. Bai’s demeanor…”

“How about calling him Xu Bai from now on?”

Li Fan looked at his clone with satisfaction and nodded approvingly.

Xu Bai cupped his hands toward Li Fan and offered a faint smile.

The gathered disciples below gasped audibly in astonishment.

“Young Master, this is…” Liu San stepped forward, looking at Xu Bai with a trace of doubt in his eyes.

During this period, he had been guarding the entrance to the Longevity Valley to prevent any cultivators from the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance hidden in the white mist from infiltrating. Yet, he had no idea when this person had entered—it was as if he had materialized out of thin air. A suspicion formed in Liu San’s mind, but he still found it hard to believe. So, he sought confirmation from Li Fan.

“This isn’t the right place to talk. Follow me.”Noting Fang Zaiji’s similar look of confusion, Li Fan led both of them—along with Xu Bai—into a secluded meditation chamber.

“This is a clone that I refined.” Xu Bai spoke directly.

“As expected.” Liu San suddenly understood but still had lingering doubts.

“The technique of refining clones is indeed rare, but with Young Master’s abilities, obtaining such a method wouldn’t be difficult. However, why did you refine a clone that is so…”

“So high-profile?” Liu San glanced at Xu Bai again, still unable to understand.

Li Fan simply smiled and did not answer. Instead, he changed the subject:

“By the way, how is the artifact refinement coming along, Mr. Fang?”

Fang Zaiji immediately caught on.

“The white robe and folding fan—are they for this clone?” He chuckled. “I was wondering! That style doesn’t suit you at all, Sect Master!”

“Refining an artifact at the Dao Integration level is no easy feat. It’ll take at least another six months. Besides…”

Fang Zaiji took a closer look at Xu Bai and suddenly frowned.

“The original design I planned won’t be a good match for this clone. No, no, I need to start over!”

The more he looked, the more he felt that the previously envisioned white robe and folding fan would not do justice to Xu Bai’s presence.

Just as he was about to rush off to draft a new refinement plan, Li Fan stopped him in time.

“Three years have passed since the Crimson Flame Burning Sea incident. It’s time for the disciples to re-enter the mortal world. Besides, my plans require their cooperation.” Li Fan said calmly.

Liu San and Fang Zaiji had no objections to this decision.

“However, returning to the mortal world also means increased risks. If any disciples are unfortunate enough to encounter danger and have their souls forcibly searched, the secrets of Longevity Valley and the Beast Realm may be exposed…”

“What should we do then?”

Li Fan looked at the two Dao Integration cultivators and asked for their opinions.

“I only specialize in artifact refinement. You’ll have to ask Old Liu about this one.”

Fang Zaiji shrugged, indicating that this was beyond his expertise.

Liu San did not decline and, after pondering for a long time, gave his answer:

"A single person's mind can be broken, but the minds of millions are difficult to breach. Currently, inside the Medicine King True Cauldron, the [Great Dream Spring and Autumn Formation] is still operating. As long as our disciples connect a strand of their divine sense to it before leaving, the formation will activate a counterattack if they are forcibly subjected to a soul search. Unless the enemy's soul is stronger than the combined souls of all the Medicine King Sect cultivators, even in their slumber, they will not be able to extract any information from our disciples' minds."

"The Great Dream Spring and Autumn Formation essentially links the thoughts of all participating cultivators into a grand dreamscape. This not only allows them to unite and resist external divine sense attacks but also enables them to use the power of dreams to seal specific memories. Just as mortals do not realize they are dreaming, disciples will be unaware of the sealed information. Moreover, even if they are scattered across different regions of the Xuanhuang Realm, they can instantly communicate through the formation without being noticed by outsiders..."

Liu San carefully explained another wondrous function of the Great Dream Spring and Autumn Formation to Li Fan.

Hearing this, Li Fan was very satisfied:

"Then I will have to trouble Elder Liu with this matter. Once the disciples go out, they may act freely, only needing to casually inquire about the [Heavenly Spirit Flower] when the opportunity arises. The Heavenly Spirit Flower is a unique treasure of the Tianling Prefecture within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance—blessed by the essence of the heavens, it is breathtakingly beautiful. However, after the great battle in Tianling Prefecture several years ago, it underwent a strange transformation..."

Liu San did not question Li Fan's reasoning for this order but firmly committed it to memory.

After issuing the necessary instructions, Liu San immediately began organizing the disciples' connection to the formation.

Meanwhile, Li Fan departed ahead of time, leaving Longevity Valley.

Longevity Valley was located within the White Mist Barrier, at the border between Luoyan Prefecture and Lueying Prefecture.

Avoiding patrolling cultivators, Li Fan silently left the mist and arrived in the city of Tiancheng within Luoyan Prefecture.

Although located in the heart of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, Luoyan Prefecture was not much more prosperous than Congyun Sea. In fact, it had even fewer cultivators. Most of Luoyan Prefecture was barren and lacked resources, but more importantly, it was plagued by strange occurrences.

For example, Li Fan was quite familiar with the [Heart Monkey], which had once broken out in a massive outbreak in this region. Although the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance did not keep detailed records of this event, in previous lifetimes, Li Fan noticed that when purchasing Heart Monkey bones in large quantities, most of them originated from Luoyan Prefecture. This led him to suspect the connection.

At this moment, Luoyan City was rather desolate.

Upon arriving at the Tianxuan Mirror, the first thing Li Fan did was search for information on addictive pills.

Although Liu San had mentioned that the disciples had already inquired and it seemed that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance did not prohibit such substances, Li Fan knew that many secrets were hidden behind the merit ranking system. Not all knowledge was accessible to ordinary cultivators.

There were plenty of cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance who had unknowingly broken taboos and died without ever understanding why.

Since this matter was crucial to his future plans, Li Fan had to confirm the alliance's stance.

His current identity was still that of a "clean slate" with a merit rank of one, but this did not prevent him from gathering information.

Taking out a jade bottle containing "Heart-Desire Ascension Pill", Li Fan prepared to list it for sale in the market.

Suddenly—

"Warning! The pill you are attempting to sell is a prohibited item. Your trading privileges have been temporarily frozen. Please dispose of the contraband immediately."

"Warning..."

A sharp, mechanical voice from the Tianxuan Mirror suddenly sounded, repeating itself incessantly.

Li Fan feigned an expression of extreme shock and innocence:

"What? A contraband item? What do you mean by that?"

"Isn't it just an ordinary pill...?"

The Tianxuan Mirror's cold voice repeated:

"Heart-Desire Ascension Pill—Ranked 3,674 on the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's list of prohibited circulation items."

"Hazard Level: Grade B-Plus."

"Please dispose of it immediately."

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 676


Upon hearing the prompt from the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan's eyes narrowed instantly.

"Heart-Desire Ascension Pill… and its danger level is only ranked a little over three thousand? What kind of things have the cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance been tinkering with all these years?"

Though a certain plan had just fallen apart, Li Fan wasn't particularly surprised.

After all, the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance prioritized stability above all else.

Any item capable of disrupting the balance of power would inevitably be subjected to strict control.

Just imagine: if a Dao Integration cultivator addicted to the Heart-Desire Ascension Pill were to suffer withdrawal, how much destruction would they unleash?

The fact that it was banned wasn’t surprising—it would have been odd if it weren’t.

"Just my luck! Turns out this damn thing is contraband!"

Inside the Tianxuan Mirror, Li Fan feigned an expression of frustration.

"But, after all the effort I put into obtaining it, instead of destroying it..."He pretended to flash a ruthless look in his eyes.

"I might as well take it myself!"

With that, he made a show of swallowing the pill right in front of the Tianxuan Mirror.

"Warning: Consumption of the Heart-Desire Ascension Pill will result in imprisonment for a duration proportional to the cultivator’s potential danger level, along with forced withdrawal treatment. This will cause irreversible damage to both body and mind."

"Warning..."

Li Fan’s body stiffened slightly, stopping just before he could actually consume the pill.

Cursing under his breath, he crushed the Heart-Desire Ascension Pill into powder with a single squeeze.

"Satisfied now?!"

"No! I can't let this go! That bastard dared to deceive me—I have to settle this score!"

As if growing angrier by the second, Li Fan stormed out of the Tianxuan Mirror, left Luoyan City, and flew deep into the wilderness.

Only when he reached a desolate, uninhabited place and ensured that no one had followed him did he finally stop.

Turning into a streak of light, he descended underground and skillfully excavated a secret chamber.

From within his palm, he carefully retrieved and recondensed a small amount of the Heart-Desire Ascension Pill's powder, which he had deliberately preserved.

Moments later, a miniature version of the Heart-Desire Ascension Pill, shrunken by dozens of times, appeared in his hand.

Splitting it in two, Li Fan gazed at one half before consuming it.

He wasn’t taking it due to addiction but to verify a certain suspicion he had.

The micro-dose melted the moment it touched his tongue, transforming into a warm current that surged through his entire body.

A slight dizziness washed over his mind.

For a fleeting moment, Li Fan felt as if he was once again witnessing the interwoven celestial network—the vast and intricate net of Heaven and Earth’s truths that he had previously glimpsed while comprehending the Human Dao Stardust.

However, this time, it was a hundred times clearer than before!

It felt within reach, as if he could grasp it at any moment.

The fundamental truths of Heaven and Earth were laid bare before his eyes!

His eyes widened involuntarily, eager to see more.

But just then, the pill’s effects wore off.

Like an illusion dissolving into mist, the profound scene before him shattered and vanished.

An indescribable emptiness surged into his heart.

"Damn it! I was so close!"

"The truths of Heaven and Earth… they were right there within my grasp..."

"Quick, I need to have Liu San refine more of it!"

Thoughts like these, fierce and overwhelming, stormed through Li Fan's mind like a raging hurricane.

He shot to his feet—

But he did not leave the chamber.

Instead, his expression twisted with determination.

"I seek immortality—why should I rely on mere pills?"

"To ordinary people, missing a chance at immortality might mean eternal regret. But for me…"

"A single fleeting opportunity is meaningless. My chances are infinite—limitless, inexhaustible! If I miss it in this life, then I’ll seize it in the next. If I miss it again in the next, then I will try once more in the life after that!"

Li Fan, driven by his own will, began to resist the effects of the Heart-Desire Ascension Pill.

His face contorted, his entire body trembling uncontrollably.

Exerting all his strength, he fought against the wild, unrestrained desires surging within him.

Thus, half a day passed.

After all, it was merely some powdered residue rather than a complete Heart-Desire Ascension Pill. Yet, Li Fan managed to endure the addiction.

All sorts of distracting thoughts receded like a tide, and when he recalled the pill, he no longer felt the slightest craving.

"This thing is truly terrifying. If it had been a complete Ascension Pill, relying solely on my current willpower, I fear I still wouldn't have been able to resist its temptation."

"However, if I use the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra to assist me, it will be a different story."

Li Fan let out a deep breath, steadied his mind, and then swallowed the remaining half of the Ascension Pill.

The moment the desire surged again, he activated the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra.

Just as before, Li Fan once again saw the immense net woven from the principles of heaven and earth.

But under the influence of the Immortal Heart Mantra, his mind was as calm as still water, completely devoid of impulsive urges.

And so, he waited in silence for the effects to subside.

When the hallucinations before his eyes abruptly vanished and the emptiness and longing resurfaced in his heart, the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra began to operate slowly. Before these desires could affect his mind, they were instantly absorbed, transformed into nourishment for the mantra itself.

"Claiming to be an immortal before true immortals—what an utter joke." Li Fan felt not even the slightest ripple in his heart.

"No matter what, at least one thing is confirmed. Taking this Heart-Desire Ascension Pill can indeed assist in cultivating the Xuanhuang Immortal Heart Mantra, and I don’t even have to worry about side effects."

Once the desires faded, Li Fan ceased operating the Immortal Heart Mantra.

At present, he was still unable to keep the mantra running instinctively, like breathing. Perhaps only when he fully completed the mantra would he achieve such an effect.

As he left the underground chamber and set off toward Tianling Prefecture, a sudden thought surfaced in his mind.

"The heaven and earth principles seen under the effects of the Heart-Desire Ascension Pill are nothing more than illusions that are nearly real. No matter how many I take, they will never lead to true enlightenment. But on the other hand, if I could witness the real laws of heaven and earth—the kind that cultivators are inherently incapable of comprehending—wouldn’t the effect be even better?"

"After all, no matter how real an illusion may seem, it can never compare to true existence."

"A pill that can genuinely help cultivators attain enlightenment wouldn’t be something the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance would ban. But what if, among a batch of ineffective pseudo-law pills, there were one or two that actually contained a trace of heaven and earth’s true principles…"

Lost in thought, a strange smile crept onto Li Fan’s lips.

When he arrived at Tianling City, he temporarily set his thoughts aside.

He headed straight for a shop that sold Heavenly Spirit Flowers.

"Shopkeeper, give me a pot of Heavenly Spirit Flowers," Li Fan said.

"Right away, sir! Please take a look over here. We have top-quality ones with sixteen to twenty petals—our shop has them all!" the shopkeeper responded enthusiastically.

However, after scanning the dozens of Heavenly Spirit Flowers displayed in the shop, Li Fan's expression darkened immediately.

"You scoundrel! Are you trying to take advantage of me just because I’m an outsider? These pathetic things dare to bear the name ‘Heavenly Spirit’?"

"Why do all these flowers have a strange, eerie blood-like flow within them? What an absolute eyesore!"

Li Fan cursed loudly, his voice booming like thunder, instantly drawing the attention of many cultivators nearby.

"Ah, sir, you may not know this," the shopkeeper sighed bitterly, "but ever since a few years ago, all the Heavenly Spirit Flowers that have grown in this region have been like this!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 677


"Could such a thing really happen? Are you trying to fool me because I don’t understand?" Li Fan still looked unconvinced, unwilling to let the matter go.

After the shopkeeper explained repeatedly and bystanders chimed in to confirm, he finally, though reluctantly, accepted the explanation.

"So, you’re telling me that the Heavenly Spirit Flower, once the most stunning bloom in the entire Xuanhuang Realm, has now completely disappeared?"

Li Fan looked dazed and filled with regret, muttering, "Had I known this would happen, I would have done anything to come and witness its beauty a few years ago!"

"I heard that the Heavenly Spirit Flower’s petals bloom in different shapes. When it fully blossoms, each petal reveals a unique vision—some depict vast green mountains, some show surging rivers, while others resemble snow falling from the heavens. A single flower encompasses all the wonders of the world, embodying the essence of heaven and earth, an unparalleled beauty..."

Li Fan’s words instantly stirred memories among the cultivators present.

Most of them were native to the Tianling Prefecture and had once seen the breathtaking elegance of the Heavenly Spirit Flower. As they began reminiscing, sharing their own accounts one after another, the atmosphere grew wistful.

The unattainable is always the most beautiful.

The more they thought about it, the more they felt it was a great loss. Many cultivators sighed and shook their heads in lament.

Seeing that the atmosphere had reached its peak, Li Fan suddenly declared in a loud voice, "Such a rare treasure—if I cannot witness it with my own eyes, it will be a lifelong regret! The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is filled with extraordinary individuals; I refuse to believe that no one preserved the original Heavenly Spirit Flower back then!""I hereby offer a reward—anyone who can grant me the opportunity to see the original Heavenly Spirit Flower in person will receive a Longevity Pill capable of extending one’s lifespan by three hundred years!"

With that, he openly displayed a pill in the palm of his hand, allowing everyone to see.

The moment his words spread, an uproar followed. When they laid eyes on the pill in his hand, many felt an irresistible pull from within their souls.

A treasure that could extend life by three centuries was already incredibly rare. Yet, this man was willing to exchange it merely for a chance to gaze upon the Heavenly Spirit Flower!

"You are truly a man of passion, my friend! I respect that! Rest assured, I have a friend who once specialized in cultivating Heavenly Spirit Flowers—perhaps he still has a preserved specimen."

"I’ll ask around as well!"

…

The crowd instantly became lively.

Even the florist's eyes flickered with interest as he picked up a communication talisman to make some inquiries.

Li Fan, however, simply stood tall in the middle of the gathering, quietly waiting.

As expected, the result was just as he had anticipated.

After half a day, expressions of deep regret appeared on everyone's faces. Word had spread throughout Tianling City, yet no one had been able to produce an intact Heavenly Spirit Flower.

Li Fan let out a long sigh, his disappointment palpable.

"If I cannot fulfill this wish, I shall never rest in peace!"

"My offer remains indefinitely. I kindly ask everyone to keep an ear out for me!" He cupped his hands toward the crowd before departing with a melancholic air.

Though this matter seemed insignificant on the surface, in the quiet and desolate Tianling City—still recovering from the great war—it became a rare and intriguing topic.

As people discussed it, the previously overlooked news of the "extinction of the original Heavenly Spirit Flower" began to spread.

After all, the number of cultivators who had seen or heard of the legendary flower was not small.

And as this story continued circulating, their memories of the Heavenly Spirit Flower resurfaced from the depths of their minds.

"Ah, it really is a pity."

"Such a rare treasure, and I never got to see it myself? Once missed, it is gone forever!"

More and more cultivators found themselves lost in similar thoughts, unable to shake off their lingering regret.

The mastermind behind all this, Li Fan, was watching discussions about the Heavenly Spirit Flower increasing across various regions through the Tianxuan Mirror. Satisfied, he nodded.

"Next, I need to let the emotions ferment for a while. The ordinary cultivators have already set a good precedent. With the disciples of the Medicine King Sect adding fuel to the fire, there shouldn't be much of a problem."

"However, if I truly want to inflate the value of the Heavenly Spirit Flower, it will still depend on the real aristocrats of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance."

A sharp gleam flashed in Li Fan’s eyes as he took out the communication talisman left to him by Shuo Feng.

"Brother Shuo, how have you been lately?"

After exchanging a few pleasantries, Li Fan got straight to the point: "I have a matter that I need to trouble you with."

"The Heavenly Spirit Flower…"

After sending his message, Li Fan quietly waited for a response.

Before long, Shuo Feng replied, "The Heavenly Spirit Flower? I think I’ve heard of it before. No big deal, I'll ask around for you."

Li Fan smiled slightly. "Then, I'll thank you in advance, Brother Shuo!"

On Shuo Feng’s side, there was silence for the time being.

"Now, all I need to do is wait for the flower to bloom."

Instead of rushing back to Longevity Valley, Li Fan browsed through the past two years' worth of events in the Xuanhuang Realm using the Tianxuan Mirror, reviewing everything in detail.

Being well-versed in the course of history, Li Fan was naturally able to detect traces of hidden and unusual changes from the smallest clues.

For example, something he had been particularly concerned about—the information regarding the ruins of the Chaoyuan Sect in Jiushan Prefecture—had completely vanished overnight. It was as if the flying abode that once soared into the sky, attracting cultivators to explore it, had never existed. All that remained were sparse records about the ancient Chaoyuan Sect.

Another example was the mysterious drafting of cultivators from martial academies across various regions. No one knew where they were being sent. This sudden vacancy in positions had even sparked competition and unrest.

...

Li Fan carefully committed these clues to memory.

"I still need to resolve the issue of authority. The amount of information I can gather as an unranked individual is too limited. There are too many restrictions."

After half a day, Li Fan temporarily stopped his search.

After some thought, he sent another message to Shuo Feng:

"Brother Shuo, I recently comprehended a new divine ability. Thinking back to our past sparring sessions, I can't help but feel a little eager. Do you have time for another duel?"

This time, Shuo Feng replied swiftly.

"Oh? What’s this? After more than two years, you think you can beat me now? I forgot to mention, I’ve already broken through to the Golden Core stage. Even if you go all out with your Nascent Soul cultivation, I’m afraid you might not win."

"There's no need for words—let’s test it in battle," Li Fan replied bluntly.

His response immediately ignited Shuo Feng’s fighting spirit.

"Come here." Shuo Feng sent him a location.

Li Fan glanced at it—it was in a mountain range on the outskirts of Tianquan City, in Tianquan Prefecture.

"Alright, I’ll be there soon. Please wait a moment, Brother Shuo."

"No rush. I'll be here for the next few days." After Shuo Feng sent this message, there was no further response.

Li Fan then exited the Tianxuan Mirror and used a teleportation array to travel to Tianquan Prefecture.

Tianquan Prefecture was filled with the cave dwellings of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance’s aristocracy.

Naturally, the location Shuo Feng had chosen was one of them.

Soaring through the sky, Li Fan carefully avoided the defensive formations that enshrouded the area and headed straight for his destination.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 678


While flying, Li Fan occasionally sensed divine consciousness scanning him from below.

However, upon realizing he was merely passing by, the probing forces quickly retracted.

After the time it takes to brew a cup of tea, Li Fan arrived outside the mountain range marked by Shuo Feng.

The mountains stretched like a winding dragon, with sixteen towering peaks standing proudly.

Even through the protective formation, one could faintly sense the dense spiritual energy lingering in the mountain range.

The moment Li Fan arrived, a female cultivator in a pale yellow dress flew out from one of the peaks, approaching him.

"You must be the young master's guest. Please, follow me."

The female cultivator displayed utmost respect, leading Li Fan through the protective formation and into the mountain range.

Glancing at the guide, Li Fan noticed that she, like him, was at the mid-stage Nascent Soul Realm.

Yet, here she seemed to hold the status of a mere servant.Li Fan, however, did not feel awkward. Instead, he maintained a composed expression and inquired about this place.

The woman in the yellow dress, unfazed by Li Fan’s cultivation level, answered in detail as long as it was permissible to do so.

This mountain range was named Shuofeng Mountain.

Indeed, it was purchased by Immortal Sage Fei Xue and named after Shuo Feng. Back when Shuo Feng successfully established his Dao Foundation, this mountain range was a gift from Shuo Feng.

Although called a mountain range, it was actually a meticulously crafted cultivation cave estate. The sixteen peaks were arranged in a formation that gathered spiritual energy from heaven and earth. Moreover, they were forged from rare materials imbued with the laws of the universe. Residing here, even without actively cultivating, one would naturally absorb these laws, steadily refining their power.

Despite its remarkable nature, after Shuo Feng broke through to the Nascent Soul Realm, Immortal Sage Fei Xue gifted him another estate in Tianquan City.

Thus, Shuofeng Mountain gradually fell into neglect.

Now, he only visited occasionally for leisure.

Before long, at the summit of the central peak, Li Fan saw Shuo Feng in a flowing blue robe—

He stood with his hands behind his back, his expression calm and indifferent.

Surrounding him were six late-stage Nascent Soul cultivators, launching relentless attacks against him.

Yet, Shuo Feng did not activate his Cave-Heaven Power—he simply responded with pure spell techniques.

Li Fan’s eyes narrowed slightly at the sight.

Strictly speaking, these six Nascent Soul cultivators were no weaklings. Their attacks included Five Elemental Spells, spiritual weapons and flying swords, and even black arrows capable of teleporting unpredictably through space.

Yet, Shuo Feng did not dodge nor flinch.

He didn't even blink.

A radiant white sword light danced through the air—

Heavenly Wonder Sword!

In an instant, it blocked and reflected all incoming attacks.

Boom! Boom!

Explosions echoed through the mountains.

The six Nascent Soul cultivators lasted no more than a dozen breaths before being overwhelmed by their own countered attacks and forced into defeat.

Shuo Feng showed no mercy.

Their injuries were severe—one even had his entire body obliterated, only managing to regenerate after his Cave-Heaven Power circulated for some time.

"Too weak. Bring the next batch." Shuo Feng’s voice was cold, his expression showing a hint of impatience.

The six defeated cultivators wore bitter expressions but dared not protest. Bowing respectfully, they quickly withdrew.

"Hahaha! Brother Shuo, you are quite formidable!"

At this moment, Li Fan suddenly burst into laughter, clapping his hands without the slightest sign of fear.

"Brother Li, you mock me!" Shuo Feng’s icy demeanor softened, revealing a faint smile.

The six retreating Nascent Soul cultivators discreetly glanced at Li Fan, their eyes filled with curiosity about his identity before hurriedly leaving.

"It has been a while, Brother Shuo. Your strength has indeed advanced...

But I am no weaker than you!"

"Please, enlighten me!"

Without further words, Li Fan’s expression turned cold.

He raised his right hand and pointed at Shuo Feng from a distance.

Whoosh…

A gentle breeze passed.

Yet, Shuo Feng, who had been on high alert, waited for a long moment but felt no change in his surroundings.

His smile faded.

His eyes turned sharp.

"Brother Li, are you toying with me?"

Li Fan’s expression remained unchanged, smiling lightly.

"It’s my first time using this divine ability—small mishaps are expected."

"But no worries. This time, it should work."

"Be careful!"

In an instant, Li Fan’s voice turned icy.

He retracted his right hand—

Then, lightly pointed once more.

"Thread Extraction!"

The wind remained calm, and the clouds drifted lightly, as if nothing had happened. Only Li Fan's emotionless voice echoed across the mountain peak.

Shuo Feng was just about to speak when he suddenly sensed something, and his expression changed dramatically.

Threads, one by one, began to unravel from his azure long robe.

The fine strands floated through the air, dissolving as if merging into water, vanishing in an instant.

Shuo Feng was about to take action, but before he could react, a muffled groan escaped his lips involuntarily.

In the blink of an eye, a crimson wound appeared on his body, as if a sharp blade had sliced through his flesh, exposing the muscle beneath.

And in front of him, a single red thread had appeared in mid-air.

"Sssss..."

"Sssss..."

A strange, eerie sound kept ringing out.

With each sound, another crimson thread appeared in the air. And with each thread, another bloody wound opened on Shuo Feng’s body.

In mere moments, he was covered in cuts, his body drenched in blood.

An icy chill surged through his heart.

Because he understood his own condition far too well—these were not mere surface wounds.

His very being was being extracted, disappearing into nothingness!

It was as if...

A puppet woven entirely of thread was having its strings slowly pulled away, unraveling its form.

Moreover, from beginning to end, his Foundation Establishment artifact—the sword—had not made a single move to defend or counterattack!

"So this is why it's called 'Thread Extraction'..." Shuo Feng couldn't help but think.

"If this continues..."

A horrifying image flashed through his mind—his own body shrinking bit by bit as the threads were pulled away, until he became nothing more than a tattered, lifeless ragdoll, collapsing helplessly to the ground, awaiting his doom.

A deep terror gripped his heart.

Yet, even as his mind raced for a solution, he could not think of a way to counter this Thread Extraction technique.

Li Fan, meanwhile, remained motionless in midair, his finger still locked onto Shuo Feng.

He had no intention of stopping!

"This guy... He really will kill me!"

Looking into Li Fan’s unfathomable gaze, Shuo Feng felt a chilling realization strike him.

"I surrender! I surrender!"

Driven by sheer survival instinct, Shuo Feng shouted repeatedly.

Hearing his words, Li Fan finally withdrew his right hand.

"Poof!"

In that instant, it was as if countless severed threads had snapped apart.

Blood mist burst from Shuo Feng’s body in layers.

"Young Master!"

The female cultivator in the yellow dress turned pale with fright, letting out a panicked scream.

"I'm fine!"

Shuo Feng waved his hand to stop her from rushing over.

"Thank you for the match."

Li Fan clasped his hands in a polite gesture, his expression calm.

Shuo Feng's gaze was complicated as he looked at Li Fan.

"What an incredible technique, Daoist friend."

He couldn't help but admit it with sincerity.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 679


"It's just a clever trick, nothing more. Brother Shuo, your Foundation Establishment artifact, the [Sword], is not adept at initiating attacks, but its defensive counterattacks are unparalleled. However, this [Thread Extraction] technique mimics the natural cycle of birth, aging, sickness, and death—the changes of human existence. Rather than an attack, it is more of a state-inflicting ability. That is why it did not trigger the [Sword]'s counterattack."

Having won the duel, Li Fan did not show any arrogance. Instead, he took the initiative to explain the reasoning to Shuo Feng.

Back when he was cultivating within the Root of Heaven and Earth, nurturing the Five Elements Cave-Heaven, Li Fan had experienced his own body being woven like delicate silk threads, continuously being drawn out.

At that time, he had gained an initial insight.

However, he was still far from being able to directly manifest it as a divine ability in the real world. It wasn’t until now—after gaining control over the Beast Realm's fate and breaking through to the Mid Nascent Soul stage—that he had almost become akin to the Dao of a small world itself.

In his mind, all life and death were but a single thought away.

Through this, Li Fan developed an entirely new and profound understanding of the composition and disintegration of all things.

Thus, the divine ability [Thread Extraction] was born.

As he explained to Shuo Feng, strictly speaking, [Thread Extraction] is not a direct offensive technique. Instead, it attaches an accelerating decay effect to the target—it is a transformation of the target itself.

Just as mortals inevitably age and die, all things in existence eventually reach their end and dissolve back into the world. [Thread Extraction] merely hastens this natural process.During his battle with Shuo Feng, Li Fan had demonstrated [Thread Extraction] at full power, making it appear overwhelmingly destructive. However, it had one critical weakness—its execution required continuous casting. If interrupted or disrupted, its effectiveness would be significantly diminished.

It was only because Shuo Feng's cultivation emphasized defensive counterattacks that [Thread Extraction] was particularly effective against him.

In reality, the optimal usage of Thread Extraction was not in the explosive, rapid application used in the duel. Instead, it should be employed covertly, working silently over time—gradually unraveling a target’s “threads” without them noticing.

By extending the timespan, the target would not develop visible wounds as Shuo Feng had during the battle.

Instead, they would simply feel increasingly weak, their body inexplicably deteriorating, their spirit and vitality steadily fading—yet they would never be able to pinpoint the cause.

In the end, they would watch helplessly as their life force withered away, perishing in agony.

The phrase "life fades like drawn silk" perfectly encapsulates the technique’s essence.

It was, without a doubt, an exceptional assassination technique—even surpassing many formless killing arts in effectiveness.

As someone who always kept a trump card hidden, Li Fan had deliberately concealed the true lethality of [Thread Extraction] during his match with Shuo Feng.

"Brother Li, you once praised me as a natural talent, but I believe your comprehension surpasses mine by far. This [Thread Extraction] technique is truly remarkable!"

Despite being defeated, Shuo Feng showed no anger. Instead, his attitude had grown noticeably more friendly.

The fleeting cold killing intent he had exhibited earlier had now vanished as if it had never existed.

"Brother Shuo, you flatter me. It was merely an insight I gained while traveling." Li Fan replied with a faint smile.

"Brother Li, there's no need for false modesty! In the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, there are countless who claim to be geniuses, but few can comprehend divine abilities on their own as you have!"

As he spoke, Shuo Feng patted his body. In an instant, a flash of white light enveloped him, and his attire changed.

Leading Li Fan up the mountain, he guided him to a small pavilion at the peak, inviting him inside.

A female cultivator in a yellow dress briefly left the room before returning, bringing two bowls of spiritual tea.

The fragrance of the tea filled the air, invigorating the spirit.

Shuo Feng took a sip and said, "Brother Li, I have yet to think of a way to counter your divine ability. But once inspiration strikes, I will certainly seek you out for another match!"

Li Fan nodded slightly. "I’ll be waiting."

Shuo Feng laughed heartily. "Refreshing! Brother Li, your temperament suits me well! You’re far better than those spineless flatterers, who lack ability yet seek favor through sycophancy!"

Li Fan did not continue the topic but instead changed the subject.

"Speaking of sycophants, I actually have a matter where I’ll need your help, Brother Shuo."

"Oh? What is it? Speak freely."

Li Fan then expressed his desire to improve his merit ranking.

"Having insufficient authority is truly frustrating. Being restricted everywhere is so uncomfortable!" Li Fan sighed.

Hearing this, Shuo Feng dismissed it indifferently, "Hmph, it's just a threshold deliberately set by the Immortal Alliance to consolidate its rule. For those true powerholders, there’s no need to climb step by step to raise their authority level..."

"But since Brother Li has such a need, it’s easy to handle. Zhi Jin..."

The female cultivator in the yellow dress immediately responded.

"Are there any vacant guest elder positions available recently?" Shuo Feng asked.

"There are still three vacancies this year. However..." Zhi Jin glanced at Li Fan, hesitating to continue.

"His cultivation level doesn't meet the requirement, right?" Shuo Feng chuckled. "No problem. Special cases require special handling. Just say I appointed him. You just need to give them a heads-up."

Zhi Jin nodded slightly. Her figure blurred and disappeared from the scene in an instant.

Only then did Shuo Feng explain, "Serving as a guest elder under my family grants an initial authority level of thirty. Additionally, you will receive a fixed amount of merit points annually."

Upon hearing this, Li Fan did not show joy but instead frowned. "Thank you, Brother Shuo. However, I am used to my freedom. If—"

Shuo Feng waved his hand. "No worries. You won’t need to do anything—just hold the honorary position. You and I are like-minded individuals; are we the type to be willingly bound by restrictions?"

"However..."

Shuo Feng looked at Li Fan, a glint of battle intent flashing in his eyes. "If one day your hands itch for a sparring match, you must not refuse me!"

Li Fan, feeling relieved, immediately cupped his hands in gratitude. "Then, I must thank Brother Shuo in advance!"

Shuo Feng truly lived up to his status as a top-tier second-generation immortal of the Immortal Alliance—his efficiency was remarkably high.

Before they even finished drinking the spiritual tea on the table, Zhi Jin had already returned.

A snowflake-shaped ice crystal talisman was handed to Li Fan, signifying that his guest elder appointment had been officially registered.

"Brother Li, you can check the effect," Shuo Feng tapped his index finger on the table, and a small Tianxuan Mirror appeared before Li Fan.

When Li Fan checked his information in the mirror, he indeed found a new title: "Guest Elder of the Xuan Family."

His authority level, as Shuo Feng had mentioned, had directly risen to level thirty.

However, there was also a note stating that this authority level was tied to the "Guest Elder" position. If he lost this title, his authority level would disappear accordingly.

Meanwhile, any merit points he earned personally would accumulate from level one.

The two were independent of each other.

This was within Li Fan’s expectations, but what caught his attention more were the four words: "Xuan Family Guest Elder."

"Xuan Family?" Li Fan looked at Shuo Feng with some confusion.

Shuo Feng did not shy away from the question and openly explained, "My mother’s surname is Xuan. As for my name..."

He shrugged, looking as if he wasn't entirely sure himself.

Li Fan nodded without probing further.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 680


"I had only heard of your esteemed mother by chance before. A person of profound strength, highly skilled in artifact refinement, and widely revered. Yet, I never realized that your Xuan family held such influence within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance."

"For an unknown rogue cultivator like me, I understand that earning merit within the Immortal Alliance is no easy feat. Many cultivators toil tirelessly, risking their lives, only to barely attain the 20th Rank. Yet, with just your approval, Brother Shuo, one could immediately gain 13th Rank authority…"

"Meeting you that day was truly the greatest fortune of my life!" Li Fan sighed slightly as he drank another cup of spiritual tea.

"Hahaha! I never expected that a momentary loss of control over my sword would lead me to meet such a remarkable individual as Brother Li. In the entire Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, there are only a handful of Nascent Soul cultivators who can defeat me with their divine abilities!" Shuo Feng held Li Fan in high regard, showing no condescension despite his lack of background.

"You and I must truly be fated…" Shuo Feng, in high spirits, ordered Zhi Jin to bring in some rare delicacies.

Halfway through their meal, accompanied by the fragrant aroma of spirit wine, they suddenly heard a voice from outside.

"Brother Shuo! Brother Shuo!"

A trace of displeasure flashed across Shuo Feng’s face, and his smile vanished instantly.

Before he could even respond, a white figure swiftly flew into the central hall.

The newcomer was a young woman dressed in a white gown. She had a slender figure, and her skin was as smooth as white jade."Brother Shuo, why didn’t you tell me you had returned?" She puffed her cheeks in annoyance, seemingly a little angry. However, her eyes were filled with admiration as she gazed at Shuo Feng.

"I just got back not too long ago," Shuo Feng replied impatiently.

"Fine…" she muttered, clearly displeased.

Her gaze then shifted to Li Fan, her large eyes blinking curiously. "Brother Shuo, who is this? I don’t think I’ve ever seen him before."

Shuo Feng answered indifferently, "This is my new friend, Li Fan."

"That name… It sounds familiar…" The young woman tilted her head slightly, scrutinizing Li Fan.

Li Fan merely glanced at her briefly before averting his eyes. His heart stirred slightly.

Although she did not recognize him, he was quite familiar with her.

She was none other than Lu Xuejing, the daughter of Lu Xichan, the chief formation master of the Strategy Formation Hall—a person with whom Li Fan had once shared a master-servant relationship in his past life.

"As fellow second-generation members of the Immortal Alliance, it’s only natural that they know each other. However, I didn’t expect that the usually arrogant and privileged Lu Xuejing—who is always surrounded by young admirers—would act so meek in front of Shuo Feng," Li Fan thought to himself.

He quickly shifted his gaze away from Lu Xuejing and turned to Shuo Feng, pretending not to know her. "Brother Shuo, this is…?"

"Her surname is Lu. She is Lu Xuejing." Shuo Feng merely stated her name without mentioning her mother’s identity.

The meaning was clear—Li Fan didn’t ask further.

"Since you have a guest, I won’t intrude any longer." Li Fan cupped his hands in farewell, preparing to leave.

"About the Heavenly Spirit Flower, I’d appreciate it if you could continue looking into it for me, Brother Shuo," he casually reminded before departing.

Unexpectedly, this one sentence provoked Lu Xuejing’s anger.

"What? The Heavenly Spirit Flower was for you?" She glared at Li Fan furiously. "Brother Shuo told me he wanted it for himself! I even went through so much trouble to get my people to search for it!"

Li Fan turned to look at Shuo Feng.

"How did I deceive you? Brother Li’s business is my business," Shuo Feng said awkwardly. However, seeing Lu Xuejing’s aggrieved expression, he seemed a little troubled as he quickly tried to explain.

Lu Xuejing, however, covered her ears like a child, refusing to listen.

Instead of venting her anger on Shuo Feng, she began to dislike Li Fan even more.

"Whose family do you belong to? You look very unfamiliar! You’re not a spy from the Five Elders Association trying to get close to Brother Shuo just to find out the location of the Tianxuan Mirror, are you? You don’t look like a good person at all! Brother Shuo has never lied to me before..."

"Lu Xuejing, what nonsense are you spouting!" Seeing her speak so recklessly, Shuo Feng's expression changed slightly, and he immediately reprimanded her.

However, Li Fan, who was inexplicably implicated by Lu Xuejing’s wild imagination, was not particularly angry.

Instead, after hearing her words, his gaze sharpened slightly.

"So, the Xuan family does have some connection to the Tianxuan Mirror."

"Brother Li, I sincerely apologize. Let’s end things here for today. I’ll invite you over another day." Shuo Feng said apologetically.

While instructing Zhi Jin to see Li Fan out, he also had to console Lu Xuejing, who was on the verge of tears.

Taking a deep look at the two, Li Fan left the cave dwelling.

"Brother Shuo, you must believe me. That Li Fan just now is definitely not a good person. His gaze was so unsettling. You should keep your distance from him in the future."

After Shuo Feng’s patient persuasion, Lu Xuejing finally calmed down.

She then declared firmly,

"I'm absolutely sure of it!"

Compared to someone else's one-sided claims, Shuo Feng clearly trusted his own judgment more.

"Mm, alright, I got it." He responded perfunctorily, not taking Lu Xuejing's words to heart at all.

"Immortal Sage Fei Xue, highly skilled in artifact refining. Has a son, but his father is unknown."

"Lu Xichan, chief of the Strategy Formation Hall. In her past life, she was the leading figure behind the Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation. Has a daughter, but her father is also unknown."

"The two are acquainted, possibly close friends."

"Both have connections to the Tianxuan Mirror..."

On his way back to the Longevity Valley, Li Fan analyzed the limited information he had and vaguely pieced together some clues.

"Interesting. I wonder if there will be a chance in this lifetime to have the Fisherman take action again. However, the Stealing Heaven and Replacing the Sun Order was lost in the Cloud-Water Heavenly Palace in this era. Even if Lu Xuejing gets captured, I have no idea what could be used to exchange for her release." Li Fan pondered in his heart.

Upon returning to the Longevity Valley, he found that Fang Zaiji had already disappeared. He had likely gone off somewhere to craft the protective treasure needed for Xu Bai's clone.

Meanwhile, Liu San was busy overseeing the process of integrating the disciples of the Medicine King Sect into the Great Dream Spring and Autumn Formation.

"In half a year, once everything is ready, the clone can leave the valley."

"Until then, my true self should continue to stay hidden."

Entering his secluded cultivation chamber, he found that the restriction on entering the Fallen Immortal Realm had been lifted.

"Blessings to the Celestial Venerable Of Xuanhuang!"

Performing the ritual, Li Fan once again stepped into the distorted, transparent space.

Before him, three different scenes flickered.

A newly unlocked scenario—‘Heavenly Sword Sect: Sword Refining’—was now accessible.

Without hesitation, Li Fan focused his mind. In the next moment, after a brief dizziness, he entered the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Before he could even make sense of the identity he had assumed this time, he heard voices filled with both excitement and anger in his ears.

"Hurry, there’s a good show to watch! A newly admitted outer disciple is making an outrageous claim—he wants to challenge the Senior Brother!"

"Are you joking? Senior Brother’s cultivation is on an entirely different level. How could an outer disciple even withstand a single move from him?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 681


"Sigh, it's hard to explain. Just go and see for yourself. Earlier, Senior Brother Zhao, who is at the Golden Core stage, was displeased and wanted to teach that person a lesson, but he was sent flying to the ground with a single sword strike."

"I heard about that too. That guy only seems to be at the Qi Condensation stage. Do you think that's possible? He must be an imposter who infiltrated our sect. I don't think he came with good intentions."

"Hurry up, or we’ll miss the sparring match."

Amidst the murmurs, Li Fan followed the crowd to an arena where the sparring matches were taking place.

At the same time, he began to understand the details of the body he now inhabited.

Ji Zhaoxuan—Golden Core cultivator, an inner disciple of the Heavenly Sword Sect.

He was a man of few words, disinterested in socializing, and completely devoted to the way of the sword.

"Senior Brother Chen, I appreciate your guidance!"

A pleasant voice suddenly jolted Li Fan back to reality.

Because he was all too familiar with the owner of that voice—it was none other than Mr. Bai!Li Fan followed the direction of the voice and saw the speaker, a seemingly unremarkable cultivator who looked nothing like Mr. Bai.

However, the subtle aura he exuded made Li Fan certain—this was indeed Mr. Bai!

"He must have changed his appearance to avoid drawing attention."

"But why now? And why would he disguise himself as an ordinary person to join the Heavenly Sword Sect?"

A flood of questions surged in Li Fan's mind.

With these doubts, he continued watching the match.

The Golden Core cultivator surnamed Chen had just been defeated by Mr. Bai, who appeared to be only at the Qi Condensation stage. However, rather than looking devastated, Chen simply clasped his hands in respect and said sincerely, "Thank you, Senior, for your guidance."

Then, with a hint of excitement, he swiftly departed to enter seclusion and reflect on his insights.

The watching cultivators erupted in an uproar.

Everyone now understood that this so-called "Qi Condensation" cultivator was anything but ordinary.

At that moment, Li Fan finally noticed something.

His gaze locked onto the wooden sword in Mr. Bai’s hand.

"That sword..."

Li Fan was instantly shaken.

He hurriedly asked his fellow disciples about it and soon learned that when Mr. Bai had started his match, he had no suitable weapon.

So he casually broke off a piece from a nearby tree and crafted this wooden sword on the spot.

Upon hearing this, Li Fan was thrown into an even deeper shock.

"There's no mistake; this wooden sword is the one that will be in Shuo Feng's hand later on..."

"A Heaven’s Wonder—the [Sword]!"

"How is this possible? Such an extraordinary artifact... was merely something Mr. Bai created on a whim?"

"Just what level of cultivation has he reached?"

This realization sent Li Fan's thoughts into turmoil.

The Heavenly Wonder, the [Sword], was a manifestation of the very laws of the Dao of the Sword.

In theory, it could only be nurtured through the power of the heavens and the earth.

Yet now, in Mr. Bai’s hands, it was nothing more than a child's toy, effortlessly created.

Just how profound was his understanding of the Dao of the Sword?

Just how deep was his comprehension of the very laws of the world?

Li Fan could hardly fathom it.

As he stood there in stunned silence, another Nascent Soul sword cultivator suddenly arrived, flying in on a streak of sword light...

A formation of forty-nine paired swords shot out like a torrential rain of pear blossoms, surging toward Mr. Bai.

Mr. Bai raised his hand and lightly waved his sword.

In an instant, all forty-nine swords turned against their wielder, plunging into chaos.

Within mere moments, the sword cultivator had been defeated.

"Did you all notice? He’s even stronger than when he fought Senior Brother Chen just now!"

"He must be hiding his true cultivation, toying with us!"

"Now our Senior Brother has no choice but to step in. I just wonder if he’s sobered up yet."

As murmurs spread among the crowd, memories of the legendary Senior Brother of the Heavenly Sword Sect resurfaced in Li Fan’s mind.

The eternal senior disciple of the Heavenly Sword Sect.

In truth, his seniority surpassed even that of the current sect master.

However, he was naturally lazy, disliked handling sect affairs, and only loved drinking. Using the excuse of being "the eternal Senior Brother to all junior disciples," he had monopolized the title of "Senior Brother" for years.

His name: Situ Yao.

Back in the day, Senior Brother Situ Yao was hailed as the strongest combatant in the world. His reputation attracted countless battle-hungry cultivators to challenge him.

Annoyed by the constant interruptions, Situ Yao somehow procured two massive boulders and placed them at the sect’s entrance.

With his sword, he carved two lines into them:

"Idlers, keep out."

"Challengers, lay down your swords."

It was said that after carving those words, Situ Yao downed a jug of fine wine and laughed heartily. He declared that, from then on, he would finally have some peace and quiet.

Sure enough, from that day forward, most challengers found themselves unable to even overcome the restriction placed on the boulders.

Realizing the immense gap in strength between them and Situ Yao, they could only leave in shame.

...

"Hiss… It seems that Situ Yao is indeed an extraordinary figure."

Years later, standing before those now-legendary boulders that had turned into artifacts of heaven and earth, Li Fan couldn’t help but think so.

"However, compared to Mr. Bai, there is still a considerable gap."

"One is merely a wonder of man, while the other has reached the realm of heavenly wonders…"

"Truly unfathomable."

Situ Yao’s legendary status only added to the enigma surrounding Mr. Bai.

At this moment, facing the challenges from the Heavenly Sword Sect disciples, the immeasurably powerful Mr. Bai accepted them all.

Yet with a single move, he defeated every challenger.

Surprisingly, rather than feeling frustrated, the defeated disciples were overjoyed, as if they had gained immense enlightenment from their sparring session.

Realizing this was a rare opportunity, the disciples were eager to take their turn.

Seizing the moment, Li Fan stepped forward before anyone else and stood before Mr. Bai.

Even though he could overlook all beings in the Xuanhuang Realm as insignificant, in front of this enigmatic Mr. Bai, Li Fan couldn't help but feel a slight nervousness.

Since he had entered the Fallen Immortal Realm in an incarnated form, he was unable to use his own divine abilities.

Taking a deep breath, Li Fan recalled the cultivation technique of the body he had possessed—Ji Zhaoxuan.

It was an obscure technique that condensed alchemic energy into swords.

However, mastery of one technique leads to mastery of all.

By relying on sword energy, he could still manifest a portion of the power of his divine ability, Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword.

"Please enlighten me, sir."

Li Fan spoke in a deep voice.

In the next moment, with a shift of his mind, several sword auras shrouded in black demonic energy materialized around Mr. Bai.

The black swords let out piercing cries, as if they sought to shred Mr. Bai into countless pieces.

"Not bad. The creativity is commendable, but… does your heart truly align with your sword?"

Just as the black swords were about to strike Mr. Bai, they suddenly halted mid-air.

Time seemed to freeze.

In the eerie stillness, Li Fan faintly heard Mr. Bai’s gentle voice.

"If you treat your sword as a mere tool, then your sword will treat you as a tool in return."

Boom!

Like a bolt of lightning piercing through the fog, countless insights burst into Li Fan’s mind.

Endless possibilities for evolving the Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword unfolded before him.

So many, in fact, that he felt overwhelmed, unable to decide which path to take.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 682


"So a sword... can be used like this too!"

Just like when he had first witnessed the perfected version of the Creation Furnace Technique taught by Mr. Bai and was completely captivated, Li Fan once again found himself utterly immersed in the boundless mysteries of Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword after receiving Mr. Bai's guidance.

He was so entranced that he didn’t even manage to utter a simple "Thank you, Senior, for your guidance." In a daze, he left the dueling arena without even realizing how.

No one knew how much time had passed until a chorus of "Senior Brother!" from the outside world finally pulled Li Fan out of his enlightenment.

Following everyone's gaze, Li Fan looked over and saw Situ Yao, wobbling unsteadily as if he was still drunk. Two disciples of the Heavenly Sword Sect were supporting him as they forcefully brought him into the arena.

"Wine... where's my wine?" Situ Yao hiccuped, completely ignoring the presence of Mr. Bai, and drowsily glanced left and right, searching for his drink.

"Situ, why pretend to be drunk?" Mr. Bai was not offended. Instead, he smiled faintly.

Hearing this, Situ Yao knew he couldn’t keep up the act anymore. He cleared his throat, straightened his posture, and looked at Mr. Bai.

A helpless expression surfaced on his face. "Seriously… I was hoping to save face as the Senior Brother of the Heavenly Sword Sect. But now that you’ve exposed me, I guess there's no avoiding this fight."

Somehow, Situ Yao pulled out a gourd of wine and took a deep swig.His eyes sharpened as he carefully studied Mr. Bai.

"Can't win... can't win at all." He muttered under his breath.

Though spoken softly, his words caused an uproar among the watching cultivators.

Situ Yao was undisputedly the strongest in the Heavenly Sword Sect. He hadn't fought seriously in years, and no one knew his true limits.

Yet, this absolute powerhouse of the Xuanhuang Realm, before even making a move, had already admitted he wasn’t Mr. Bai’s match!

Situ Yao was not the kind of person to lie or downplay his abilities. If he said he couldn't win, then it meant he truly believed it.

So, who exactly was this unremarkable-looking man? Where did he come from?

For a moment, every disciple of the Heavenly Sword Sect had their eyes locked onto Mr. Bai, filled with uncertainty and astonishment.

"To do the impossible, despite knowing it's impossible—isn't that your life’s creed, Situ?" Mr. Bai encouraged, seeing that Situ Yao was hesitating.

"That sword of yours… you've kept it hidden for a long time. Isn't it time to test it out?"

His tone was light, but to Situ Yao, the words hit like thunder.

A sudden surge of energy erupted from his body. His eyes narrowed as he scrutinized Mr. Bai, a flicker of doubt crossing his gaze.

However, being a true powerhouse, Situ Yao quickly suppressed his doubts and focused his mind.

"If that's the case, then I won't hold back," he said solemnly.

He took a step forward, raised his right hand, and swept his gaze across the disciples of the Heavenly Sword Sect who were watching.

Then, with utmost seriousness, he called out:

"Junior Brothers, bring your swords!"

In that instant, every single cultivator of the Heavenly Sword Sect—regardless of their location—heard Situ Yao's words.

They were momentarily stunned, but without the slightest hesitation, they all threw their lifebound flying swords into the sky.

As the Senior Brother of the sect, Situ Yao had always taken great care of the new disciples. He never put on airs or distanced himself. Whenever his junior disciples were in trouble, he would always stand up for them—even if it meant being biased in their favor.

He had held the title of Senior Brother for so many years. Every disciple, whether directly or indirectly, had received his kindness.

Now that he was asking to borrow their swords—how could they refuse?

And so, in the blink of an eye, tens of thousands of flying swords soared into the sky.

All of them surged toward Situ Yao.

For disciples of the Heavenly Sword Sect, half of their cultivation and battle strength resided in their lifebound flying swords.

From the Foundation Establishment stage onward, they poured their blood, sweat, and soul into forging their flying swords, strengthening their durability and lethality, gradually achieving complete harmony with them.

Thus, when Situ Yao uttered "Bring your swords",

It was not just tens of thousands of swords that took flight—

It was half of the entire Heavenly Sword Sect’s battle power.

Countless sword auras interwove, illuminating the sky in dazzling colors.

Situ Yao raised his hand, fingers shifting into a sword gesture.

The storm of swords roared toward their target—Mr. Bai.

Countless flying swords gathered into one, seemingly forming a giant sword that spanned the heavens and earth in the void.

It locked onto Mr. Bai from afar and arrived in an instant.

It seemed that in the next second, Mr. Bai would be pierced by ten thousand swords, dying a tragic death on the spot.

However, there was not the slightest trace of panic on Mr. Bai's face.

He merely revealed a faint smile and then raised the wooden sword in his hand.

Facing the ten thousand swords.

Buzz...

A resonant sword hum echoed from the wooden sword.

In that instant, time seemed to come to a halt.

Wherever the sword hum passed, the countless flying swords first stopped in mid-flight, frozen in place.

Then, their blades trembled violently, as if struggling fiercely against some invisible force.

Finally…

The first flying sword lost control and fell from the sky.

It plunged into the ground, its blade quivering slightly.

Then came the second, the third…

In the blink of an eye, countless flying swords rained down from the sky like a torrential storm, embedding themselves into the earth.

Densely packed, they formed an impenetrable graveyard of swords within a small area.

Yet, not a single one had touched even the corner of Mr. Bai’s robe.

The ultimate killing move that Situ Yao had cultivated for most of his life had been effortlessly neutralized.

At that moment, the entire Heavenly Sword Sect fell into a deathly silence.

The wooden sword in Mr. Bai's hand emitted another sword hum.

Then, all the disciples, including Li Fan, witnessed a scene that would remain etched in their memories forever.

All the flying swords embedded in the ground suddenly bent toward Mr. Bai's direction of their own accord.

As if paying homage to their emperor, they bowed in reverence.

Mr. Bai stood calmly, holding his wooden sword, his expression indifferent.

“You are…” At this moment, as if recalling something, Situ Yao’s pupils shrank abruptly, and he blurted out in shock.

Mr. Bai smiled slightly and gently waved his wooden sword once more.

In an instant, the countless flying swords returned to their respective owners.

“I came today to ask for a favor.” Having effortlessly resolved the conflict, Mr. Bai casually tossed his wooden sword aside and smiled as he addressed Situ Yao.

“Please, speak.” Situ Yao's tone was filled with deep respect.

Mr. Bai glanced around but did not immediately speak.

Situ Yao suddenly slapped his forehead as if realizing something. “Please, follow me.”

With that, he led Mr. Bai toward the grand hall of the Heavenly Sword Sect.

Only the many cultivators still standing in shock remained, unable to recover from the scene they had just witnessed.

“So this… is the true power of a supreme expert from the ancient cultivation world.” Li Fan was also awed by the overwhelming might of Situ Yao’s sword strike.

He had a vague feeling that if that single massive sword had been successfully unleashed, it could have torn a rift in the Xuanhuang Realm itself.

And yet, the fact that Mr. Bai had so casually neutralized the attack…

Somehow, it did not surprise him at all.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 683


After all, based on the current information available, Mr. Bai’s status has risen to an even higher level.

He seems to have surpassed the power limits of ordinary cultivators, and he may even be connected to the True Immortal who created the entire Fallen Immortal Realm.

Although Situ Yao’s sword strike was powerful, it was ultimately insignificant before an immortal.

A long time passed before the disciples of the Heavenly Sword Sect finally recovered from the shocking scene they had just witnessed.

No one dared to speak loudly, fearing they might disturb Mr. Bai, who was still within the sect.

Instead, they whispered among themselves, some even expressing their shock in a near-hysterical manner.

At that moment, under everyone’s watchful eyes, a figure suddenly flew towards the wooden sword that Mr. Bai had thrown.

It was Li Fan.

Ignoring the murderous gazes of the other cultivators who wished to kill him, Li Fan took a deep breath and gripped the wooden sword tightly.

In that fleeting instant, it felt as if a radiant white light illuminated the heavens and earth.Countless profound mysteries of the "sword" unfolded within his mind in an instant.

Li Fan was completely entranced.

But in the very next moment…

A violent tremor shook the ground, and the wooden sword was forcibly wrenched from his grasp.

Li Fan snapped out of his enlightenment.

A trace of frustration and reluctance flashed through his heart, and he suddenly realized that, for some unknown reason, he had been flung several meters away.

Seeing this, the other cultivators also tried to imitate Li Fan, attempting to pull out the wooden sword.

But without exception, the moment they grasped it, they were immediately repelled.

"Sigh, it makes sense. How could we possibly take away something that belongs to such a powerful figure so easily?"

"Perhaps only Senior Brother could pull it out..."

Everyone sighed in regret, gazing greedily at the lone wooden sword in the field, wiping the drool from the corners of their mouths.

Just as recorded in true history,

Mr. Bai did not take the wooden sword with him. Without a sound, he simply left the Heavenly Sword Sect.

No one knew what he and Situ Yao had spoken about.

But from that day onward, the Heavenly Sword Sect bore a new mission:

To forge a legendary weapon that only exists in the stories of the sect— the World-Rifting Divine Weapon.

At any cost.

As an inner disciple, Li Fan was naturally required to contribute as well.

Like the other disciples, his task was to absorb insights from the wooden sword and channel them into a Sword Embryo—a type of primal stone.

One by one, countless primal stones infused with their sword comprehension were thrown into the massive crater at the back of the Heavenly Sword Sect.

Using molten flames, they forged the prototype of the World-Rifting Divine Weapon.

No one knew the true purpose of this divine weapon, but Senior Brother Situ Yao held immense authority, and the unparalleled power displayed by Mr. Bai had left the entire Heavenly Sword Sect in awe.

Thus, the disciples held no resentment toward this endeavor.

On the contrary, by comprehending the wooden sword’s mysteries, they could elevate their own cultivation and mastery of the sword. So why not?

And just like that, time passed swiftly.

Before Li Fan could fully savor the experience, the journey through the Fallen Immortal Realm had already come to an end.

As the surrounding scene faded, Li Fan found himself back in the warped, transparent bubble of space.

The three visions before him had dimmed and were no longer selectable.

However, he did not immediately leave. Instead, he silently reflected on everything he had witnessed in the Heavenly Sword Sect.

"Based on the timeline, the [Heaven Sword Sect's Divine Refinement] happened after [Ningyuan's Acquisition of the Longevity Fruit] but before the [Beast-Taming Sect’s Upheaval]."

"I never expected that the creation of the World-Rifting Divine Weapon was also Mr. Bai’s directive… Raising a Rift Whale, forging a World-Rifting Divine Weapon…"

"What exactly is Mr. Bai planning?"

"On the surface, it seems like he is preparing for an impending catastrophe, creating multiple contingencies and backup plans. But is that truly the case?"

Judging others by oneself, Li Fan always felt that behind everything Mr. Bai did, there might be other unknown secrets.

However, Mr. Bai was an extremely mysterious figure. His thoughts were not something that Li Fan could fathom at his current level.

After pondering for a long time, Li Fan still came up empty-handed and had no choice but to set it aside for now.

"Within the Fallen Immortal Realm, there is also a condensation of the Sword Dao’s laws. If I could take it out of the Fallen Immortal Realm, what kind of consequences would it bring?"

Back in the mortal small world, Li Fan had conducted a similar experiment before.

He understood that in the natural order, two identical heavenly treasures could not exist.

If, for some special reason, two did come into existence, then eventually, they would merge and elevate each other.

The weaker one would vanish, while the stronger one would remain.

"Although the wooden sword in Shuo Feng’s hands is said to be a wonder of the heavens, I have always felt that the one Mr. Bai wielded thousands of years ago was its complete form."

"After enduring a thousand years of trials and tribulations, its power may have weakened."

"So if I can take the wooden sword out, wouldn’t that mean..."

"Interesting."

Imagining the moment when Shuo Feng suddenly lost his foundational treasure, Li Fan shook his head slightly.

"I’m thinking too far ahead. I should first see what I’ve gained this time."

Leaving the Fallen Immortal Mirror and returning to the Longevity Valley, Li Fan carefully recalled everything he had witnessed in the Heavenly Sword Sect.

Moments later, a trace of disappointment appeared on his face.

"I didn't fulfill my obsession, so I can't bring back my insights after all..."

"Wait a moment..."

Li Fan's eyes gleamed. With a flick of his fingers, countless streaks of blue sword light flashed through the void in front of the meditation chamber.

Fixing his gaze on the continuously flickering [Heaven-Shattering Heart Sword], a familiar sensation surged in his heart.

"So that’s how it is. Although memories and insights cannot be brought back to the real world, the traces of enlightenment still remain."

"It’s like the ebb and flow of tides—though they return to the sea, they leave their marks on the shore."

"In this way, even if I don’t directly obtain comprehension, it is still immensely beneficial for me to deduce divine abilities. It’s as if I’ve inexplicably gained a great deal of proficiency."

Feeling a surge of joy, Li Fan immersed himself in comprehending the Sword Dao while the familiar sensation still lingered.

Time passed unknowingly.

It was only when a message from Fang Zaiji arrived that Li Fan was pulled back to reality.

It turned out that his secluded cultivation had already lasted for more than half a year. The white robe and folding fan—protective artifacts he had instructed Fang Zaiji to craft—had finally been completed.

"Truly, in cultivation, time is meaningless," Li Fan sighed softly, but he did not rush to leave.

Instead, he first checked the situation in the Fallen Immortal Realm.

Compared to the previous two times, the duration of his [Heavenly Sword Sect Training] seemed significantly longer.

Even after half a year had passed, there were still about five months remaining before he could re-enter.

"Could it be because I came into contact with a higher level of power?"

Li Fan speculated in his heart.

Without dwelling on it too much, he simply memorized the next entry point and then exited seclusion, where he was greeted by the excited and immensely proud Fang Zaiji.

"Haha! Sect Master, I really outdid myself this time! The artifacts I’ve crafted—even someone like Liu San wouldn’t be able to easily break through their defenses!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 684


“That’s because the Young Master urgently needs these items. I was afraid that if I used my full strength, I might accidentally destroy them,” Liu San glared at Fang Zaiji before turning to Li Fan and explaining.

“But Young Master, to be fair, Old Fang really put effort into refining these treasures this time. They are indeed well-crafted.”

Hearing Liu San’s words, Fang Zaiji beamed with joy. “Of course! The Sect Master lent me the Medicine King True Cauldron for research for such a long time. Naturally, I should have gained something from it.”

…

Watching the two bicker, Li Fan smiled slightly.

“Mr. Fang, aren’t you going to show me the treasures? I must say, I’m rather eager to see them.” The one who spoke, however, was not Li Fan himself, but his clone, Xu Bai.

While Li Fan’s true self had spent the past six months exploring the Fallen Immortal Realm and comprehending the Dao of the Sword, Xu Bai had remained in the Beast Realm, continuing to comprehend the principles of the Five Elements and the World’s Laws.

This body was highly compatible with the Beast Realm, making cultivation exceptionally easy. His talent was no less than that of any so-called prodigy.

The two had long been accustomed to the existence of the clone, so when Xu Bai suddenly appeared in the secret chamber, neither Liu San nor Fang Zaiji found it surprising.

“Young Master, please take a look.”With a proud expression, Fang Zaiji waved his hand, and four spheres of light immediately appeared before them.

Within the spheres of light were a white robe, a folding fan, a scented pouch, and a jade pendant.

“The Pure Glaze Robe is crafted from rare materials such as Hundred-Color Glaze and Floating Life Pure Light. It remains untainted by dust and untouched by calamities. Conventional attacks below the Dao Integration Realm can be completely ignored. Even cultivators at the Dao Integration level would need considerable effort to break through its defenses.”

“The Shadowless Hundred-Flower Fan is refined from Shadowless Stone and Heavenly Hollow Jade. The folding fan is adorned with a painting of a hundred blooming flowers, but in reality, it seals hundreds of actual flowers within it. The wielder can freely select and mix floral fragrances at will. More importantly, in times of crisis, the fan can create a phantom illusion that attracts the enemy’s attention while the true body silently escapes a hundred miles away…”

“The Thousand-Knot Silk Pouch—aside from its standard storage function, it can also capture female cultivators of interest. Through the Thousand-Knot Love Web, their minds will gradually change over time. Even if they were once mortal enemies, they would eventually come to love the owner of the pouch with unwavering devotion.”

Fang Zaiji spoke enthusiastically, unable to contain his excitement.

Li Fan and Liu San, on the other hand, exchanged odd glances.

“The last item, the Heavenly Treasure Carriage Token—one’s mode of transportation is just as important as their appearance. Simply flying with sword flight like an ordinary cultivator would be far too lacking in style. Within this carriage token are over a hundred different types of flying carriages and vessels. Every time you go out, you’ll be spoiled for choice.”

“Each flying treasure has a spacious interior. Even if you bring along a dozen or twenty ladies, it will still be more than sufficient…”

Cough, cough. “Mr. Fang, that will do.”

Li Fan’s expression twitched, while Xu Bai, his clone, helplessly interrupted.

Fang Zaiji finally noticed the slightly awkward atmosphere. Taking the hint, he wisely shifted to guiding Xu Bai on how to refine these four treasures.

“By refining them with your blood essence and divine sense, not only will the treasures recognize you as their master, but when you suffer serious injuries, these four treasures can collectively share the damage.”

…

After half a day, Xu Bai had successfully refined all the treasures.

He now wore the white robe, held the folding fan, and had the scented pouch as a small ornament hanging from the end of the fan. The jade pendant rested on his body.

Whoosh!

Xu Bai opened the fan with a gentle flick, waving it slightly. A soft white glow enveloped him, while a faint fragrance emanated around him.

“What an elegant and refined young master,” Liu San’s eyes brightened as he couldn’t help but praise.

As the saying goes, "A man is judged by his attire." Xu Bai was already exceptionally handsome, with an outstanding demeanor. Now, adorned with the magical artifact meticulously designed by Fang Zaiji, he appeared almost otherworldly, leaving those who beheld him momentarily dazed.

Fang Zaiji couldn't help but sigh in admiration.

However, after a moment, he furrowed his brows. "But I still feel like something is missing."

Liu San was puzzled. "Missing what? I think it's already perfect."

Fang Zaiji suddenly realized something and clapped his hands. "They say a hero is best accompanied by a beauty. With how celestial the young master’s clone looks, it would be a shame if there were no beauties by his side!"

Liu San, who usually enjoyed contradicting Fang Zaiji, surprisingly nodded in agreement this time.

"Heh."

Xu Bai chuckled but did not respond.

After admiring Xu Bai’s striking appearance for a while, Li Fan finally shifted to more pressing matters. "How is the disciples’ secular world integration plan progressing?"

Liu San regained his focus and replied seriously, "Over the past six months, nearly two hundred disciples have left the Longevity Valley. Following your instructions, Young Master, they have infiltrated various regions, lying low."

"While spreading information about the Heavenly Spirit Flower, they are also gathering any noteworthy intelligence. Through the [Great Dream of Spring and Autumn Formation], all findings are transmitted back to our sect’s headquarters in Longevity Valley."

"I’ve also established a specialized organization to systematically categorize and analyze this information, extracting useful insights..."

When it came to this matter, Liu San was indeed reliable. Without Li Fan needing to micromanage, everything was organized and executed flawlessly.

Hearing this, Li Fan was very pleased. He reminded, "Very good. Our disciples should not seek merit, only ensure they make no mistakes. In their daily activities, they should blend in as ordinary cultivators of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, prioritizing their own safety above all."

Liu San nodded in acknowledgment.

"However..." He hesitated, looking at Li Fan.

"Speak freely, Elder Liu."

"With so many disciples entering the secular world, manpower within Longevity Valley is becoming stretched thin. Should the Young Master consider awakening more people?" Liu San tentatively suggested.

Li Fan pondered for a moment before ultimately shaking his head. "We currently don’t have any surplus cultivation techniques. Even if we awaken more people, it would only bring unnecessary trouble without much benefit."

"The exotic beasts in the Beast Realm, however, can be put to use for now. With my clone suppressing that realm, they won’t dare harbor any rebellious thoughts."

"Everything must be done step by step. The revival of our Medicine King Sect is not something to be rushed."

Liu San nodded slowly in understanding.

"But it won’t be long now. On this trip, barring any unexpected circumstances, I should be able to obtain a batch of unclaimed cultivation techniques. Elder Liu, just be patient," Li Fan reassured.

After issuing a few more careful instructions, both his main body and his clone, Xu Bai, left Longevity Valley.

After passing through the white mist barrier, they went their separate ways.

Li Fan, altering his appearance to that of a middle-aged cultivator, headed straight for Qihong Isle in Leyang Prefecture.

Meanwhile, his clone, Xu Bai, leisurely made his way toward the Tianling Prefecture.

Now, let’s first discuss the main body’s journey.

Li Fan’s objective in Leyang Prefecture was none other than Ximen Yu, an expert in studying changes in ancient and modern topography.

Ximen Yu possessed a detailed comparison of the past and present geographical differences of the Xuanhuang Realm.

Li Fan intended to use this information to visit the ancient Sacred Beast Mountain of the Nanming.

His goal was to confirm whether the demonic beast race’s retreat plan had been successful.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 685


Although, according to Xiao Hei’s memories and the dying words of Red Nine-Headed, the demonic beast race should have successfully retreated.

However, since this information has been relayed through multiple people, there is inevitably some distortion.

It’s better to see it with one's own eyes.

If the demon race, under the leadership of Emperor Yi, can truly pass through the Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain and break through the world's boundary into the void—

Then it would prove that the Heavenly Sword Sect had also accomplished the same in the past.

Perhaps, the next step in the Fallen Immortal Realm should focus on researching how to obtain the forging methods of world-rifting divine weapons.

Not only would this provide a means of retreat for oneself,

but such a secret technique would surely be of great interest to both the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association.

Leyang Prefecture is located in the southwest of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, not too far from the four central prefectures.

Within its territory lies a great lake, named Yueyang Lake.The prefecture derives its name from the lake.

According to legend, at sunrise every day, a magnificent scene unfolds—

a crimson sun leaps from the depths of the lake.

In that moment, the Solar Qi is far denser than in other regions.

Absorbing and comprehending it for just a short while is equivalent to days of arduous cultivation.

Thus, many cultivators have gathered along the shores of Yueyang Lake.

Moreover, the lake is rich in resources—

the fish in its waters, nourished daily by the dense Solar Qi, have become extraordinary.

Their flesh is exceptionally delicious, and consuming them is akin to swallowing fire-attribute spiritual stones, filling one’s body with warmth.

Thanks to this great lake, even cultivators of mediocre talent can advance rapidly.

Of course, such a fortunate place naturally draws envy from the world.

To prevent outsiders from seizing their resources, the cultivators of Yueyang Prefecture formed an alliance, claiming the vast majority of Yueyang Lake for themselves.

Foreign cultivators who come seeking its riches can only compete for the lower-quality areas left for them.

After more than ten days of travel, Li Fan finally entered Leyang Prefecture.

Instantly, he sensed several gazes falling upon him.

However, upon seeing that Li Fan was not heading toward Yueyang Lake, they gradually withdrew their surveillance.

Ignoring these people, Li Fan flew toward Qihong Isle.

Qihong Isle lies along a tributary that feeds into Yueyang Lake—Jinsha River.

Whenever the sun rises over Yueyang Lake and Solar Qi erupts,

Jinsha River shimmers with golden waves.

It is considered the afterglow of pure Solar Qi, yet for some unknown reason, it carries traces of baleful Qi, making it impossible for cultivators to absorb.

As a result, very few cultivators visit this place, making it one of the quieter regions in Yueyang Prefecture.

Ximen Yu's name is fairly well known in this area.

It didn't take Li Fan much effort to find his cave dwelling.

From a distance, he could already hear Ximen Yu’s loud complaints:

"How many times do I have to tell you?! If you want a complete copy of Study of Ancient and Modern Mountains and Rivers, come find me at Qihong Isle!

If you try to transmit it through the Tianxuan Mirror, it will be blocked!"

"What? You don’t believe the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance would do such a thing?

You think I’m lying to you?

You’re even threatening to report me as a fraud?"

"You damn—"

After Ximen Yu’s furious outburst ended, Li Fan finally spoke loudly:

"Is Daoist Ximen Yu present?"

"I am Han Wuyou. I have long heard of your esteemed reputation and have come to pay a visit!"

A lazy voice replied:

"Come in."

The door swung open, and Li Fan entered the cave dwelling.

It wasn’t very large and had no decorations.

The floor was littered with jade slips, paper books, and wooden tablets.

Sweeping his gaze over them, Li Fan realized that many were written in unfamiliar scripts.

"You’re here for the Study of Ancient and Modern Mountains and Rivers, aren’t you?"

Ximen Yu didn’t even lift his head, his eyes fixated on a withered tree branch growing out of the cave floor.

"That’s right."

Li Fan replied directly.

Ximen Yu casually pointed his finger, causing a paper book to fly from the cluttered floor.

"Ten thousand contribution points. Confidential. No reselling."

At the same time, a golden light, along with the book, flew toward Li Fan.

Li Fan smiled and signed the contract while tossing over ten top-grade spirit stones.

For now, he put away Study of Ancient and Modern Mountains and Rivers without reading it in detail.

Li Fan was in no hurry to leave. Instead, he asked with interest, “Fellow Daoist Ximen, why do you use paper books instead of recording on jade slips?”

Ximen Yu paused his study of the withered branch, glanced at Li Fan, and replied indifferently, “The contents recorded on jade slips can generally only last for ten thousand years. If the spiritual energy dissipates, the time is even shorter.”

“But if written with Baleful Ink on paper made from Evergreen Wood, it can last thirty to fifty thousand years without fading.”

“If inscribed directly onto Evergreen Wood, even after a hundred thousand years, it will still be clearly visible.”

Upon hearing this, Li Fan chuckled. “Fellow Daoist, your thinking is truly different from ordinary people—measuring time in tens of thousands of years…”

“In ten thousand years, who knows whether the Xuanhuang Realm will even still exist?” Li Fan sighed.

Ximen Yu suddenly turned his head, his gaze solemn.

“What do you mean by that, Daoist friend?”

Li Fan was slightly taken aback. “It was just a casual remark. What’s wrong?”

“Hmph. In that case, you may leave now.” Ximen Yu gave Li Fan another glance, then turned away without speaking further.

“Until we meet again!” Li Fan cupped his hands in farewell and was about to leave.

“Boom!”

Just as he reached the entrance of the cave mansion, he suddenly felt the ground tremble slightly.

A familiar yet unfamiliar energy appeared within Li Fan’s perception.

He couldn’t help but turn back, only to see a surge of earth-yellow energy erupting from the withered branch that Ximen Yu had been observing.

Ximen Yu seemed to have been waiting for this moment. He took out a small white jade bottle and absorbed all the yellow energy into it.

The eruption lasted for nearly half a cup of tea’s time before gradually subsiding.

Seeing his harvest, Ximen Yu revealed a satisfied smile.

“This is Earth Vein Energy?” Li Fan stepped forward and asked curiously.

Ximen Yu’s expression changed slightly. He put away the jade bottle and blocked Li Fan’s gaze from the withered branch.

“You do have some knowledge, Daoist friend. That’s right, I have completed my research on Study of Ancient and Modern Mountains and Rivers, and now I am studying Earth Veins.”

“This is a private matter, so it’s best if you don’t inquire further.” Ximen Yu’s tone was unfriendly.

Li Fan showed a hint of apology. “It was not my intention. It’s just that I feel this withered branch looks somewhat familiar.”

“Oh?” Ximen Yu was slightly stunned, and then his expression changed subtly. “Daoist friend, don’t joke with me!”

“I never speak falsehoods,” Li Fan said seriously.

“Once, in Tianling Prefecture, I encountered a similar withered branch in the wild. When I touched it, I found myself momentarily transported to an unknown space.”

“There, I saw a colossal, decaying tree standing tall, filling one’s heart with a sense of desolation. I didn’t stay long before waking from the vision.”

“The withered branch in my hand had disappeared, as if it had all been a dream.”

Li Fan sighed slightly. “This withered branch of yours resembles what I saw that day, though there are some subtle differences…”

The more Ximen Yu listened, the more surprised he looked.

By the time Li Fan finished speaking, Ximen Yu waved his hand, shutting the cave mansion’s door. Then, in a deep voice, he asked, “Fellow Daoist, where in Tianling Prefecture did you see that withered branch?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 686


"It was in..." Li Fan furrowed his brow, seemingly trying hard to recall something.

Ximen Yu stared at him intently, listening with full concentration.

"I can't remember." After a long pause, Li Fan shrugged helplessly and said.

"You..." Ximen Yu's face stiffened. "Such a strange event—how could you forget so easily?"

His expression was filled with disbelief as he scrutinized Li Fan.

"Daoist Ximen, why don’t you tell me about this withered branch? Maybe as you talk, I might remember something," Li Fan suggested with a smile.

Upon hearing this, Ximen Yu narrowed his eyes, scanning Li Fan up and down.

Yet, Li Fan remained completely unfazed, meeting his gaze with calm composure.

Unable to gauge Li Fan’s true strength, Ximen Yu ultimately chose not to act recklessly.

He shifted slightly, revealing the withered branch he had been guarding behind him.After a brief silence, he finally spoke: "As for this item’s origins, I’m not entirely sure myself. Back then, my research on the earth veins had reached a bottleneck."

"Under the rule of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, the power of the earth veins is tightly sealed by a protective formation that covers the entire region. Without proper authorization, attempting to tap into or study it is extremely difficult. I tried many methods, but I couldn't find a breakthrough. Just as I was considering switching to a different research direction..."

"About two years ago, the power of the earth veins in this area suddenly erupted. It was as if a catastrophic disaster had occurred thousands of miles away, one capable of annihilating an entire province, triggering a chain reaction. Seeing this rare opportunity, I seized the chance to absorb the overflowing power of the earth veins."

"And this withered branch—this is what I discovered within the energy of the earth veins."

Ximen Yu spoke slowly, while Li Fan listened, deep in thought.

"Two years ago... that was around the time of the Crimson Flame Burning Sea incident. Could it be that Hongxi, in his attempt to force out the hidden Crimson Flame within the earth veins, caused this disturbance by forcefully extracting its power?"

The Xuanhuang Earth Veins are interconnected—though separated by vast distances, they can still influence one another. In the past, in the Congyun Sea, there was a sunken island that emerged from the ocean due to the distant event of "A Hundred Mountains Flattening into Plains."

The seismic activity Ximen Yu observed here might very well be the residual shockwaves from the battle with the Crimson Flame back then.

Looking at the withered branch, which was still continuously emitting a yellowish-brown energy from the earth veins, Li Fan asked with some confusion:

"The power of the earth veins is supposed to be pure and pristine. How could a withered branch be mixed into it? Ordinary trees would be crushed into dust within mere moments in the depths of the earth veins due to the immense pressure. What exactly is the origin of this branch? Not only has it endured in the earth veins, but it can also draw upon and absorb the suppressed energy within?"

Li Fan then turned his gaze toward Ximen Yu once more.

"I assume the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance hasn’t detected the disturbances in the earth veins here yet? If they had, considering this concerns the safety of their grand protective formation, they would have definitely sent people to eliminate this hidden threat."

Ximen Yu’s expression shifted slightly, but he did not deny it.

"This withered branch does indeed possess some kind of mysterious power. It seems to be of the same origin as the earth veins, so my small-scale extractions for research have only been perceived as natural fluctuations of the earth veins themselves."

The withered branch’s emission of earth vein energy seemed intermittent, following a specific pattern. At this moment, the outflow was gradually weakening until finally, no more energy seeped out.

Ximen Yu carefully stored the jade bottle containing the branch.

"Of the same origin as the earth veins?" Li Fan pondered over these words carefully.

Ximen Yu then retrieved a stone tablet from his storage ring. It appeared to have been separated from an ancient rock wall, bearing extremely old marks.

The carvings on it were abstract, but the general depiction was still somewhat understandable.

Countless tiny dots represented humanity. They worshiped and lived upon the earth.

Meanwhile, beneath the surface, an inverted great tree grew.

Its roots spread densely, anchoring themselves into every corner of the land.

Yet its crown extended deep underground, reaching the very core of the earth.

“This is something I discovered in a geological fault while studying the changes in ancient and modern landforms. It should be a relic left behind by an ancient mortal civilization.”

“And it’s not just this mural. I have found similar ancient records in various places across the Xuanhuang Realm.”

“I suspect that what we call the earth’s spiritual veins are actually derived from the roots of this ancient tree. And this withered branch I have belongs to that very tree.”

Ximen Yu explained.

“Although the information left behind by mortals is extremely simplistic, and their perspective may not reveal the full truth, it is precisely because it comes from mortals that we cultivators often choose to ignore it. As a result, records that should have been erased have instead managed to survive.” Ximen Yu sneered.

“The Tree of Earth’s Veins…” Li Fan stroked his chin.

“No, that’s not right.” Suddenly, he shook his head.

“It’s very similar to what I once saw in an illusion, but there were still some differences.” Li Fan said with certainty.

Ximen Yu was not surprised. After thinking for a moment, he said, “It’s possible that the ancient tree you saw was even older.”

“It might even be the origin of the Tree of Earth’s Veins.”

Li Fan was astonished. “The Tree of Earth’s Veins has an origin?”

Ximen Yu took out several black stones from somewhere, crushed them, and scattered the powder onto the withered branch planted in the ground. The black powder was quickly absorbed, and the branch seemed to regain some vitality.

“It is said that in the beginning, there was only a single Mother Tree that governed the lifespans of all living beings.”

“Then, a great catastrophe occurred, and the Mother Tree suffered severe damage. Some of its branches broke off and fell into the world.”

“One of them became the ancient Tree of Earth’s Veins.”

Ximen Yu gazed at the carefully nurtured withered branch with deep affection as he spoke slowly.

A sharp glint flashed in Li Fan’s eyes. “Where did you learn of this, Daoist Ximen? I have never heard of such a thing.”

Ximen Yu kept his gaze fixed on the withered branch and did not answer.

Li Fan paused, then nodded slightly.

“Ah, after hearing you say this, I seem to recall something. Back then, I encountered that withered branch right here.”

Casually, he sketched out a map of Tianling Prefecture and marked a location.

Only then did Ximen Yu shift his focus from the branch and firmly memorize the location before erasing the map.

“Times have changed. Over the years, I have revisited that place many times, but I have never been able to find that withered tree again. Daoist Ximen, you should not place too much hope on this.” Li Fan cautioned.

Ximen Yu chuckled, “Such a rare object can only be found by chance, not sought after. But I’ve always been lucky. Once I finish my research on the Theory of Earth’s Veins, I will definitely try my luck.”

“Then allow me to wish you success in advance!” Li Fan cupped his fists in salute, preparing to leave.

“Han Wuyou, was it?” Ximen Yu tossed a communication talisman over. “I feel like there’s some fate between us. Keep this. Perhaps we’ll meet again in the future.”

Li Fan stored the talisman away and did not linger.

Once his figure disappeared, the doors of the cave mansion closed once more.

Ximen Yu furrowed his brows deeply. “In Heaven and Earth stands the Ruòmu tree, by day and night it wanes yet fosters eternal life…”

“Could it still exist in this world?”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 687


Li Fan left Qihong Isle and took out Study of Ancient and Modern Mountains and Rivers.

With a sweep of his divine sense, he flipped through its pages. In just a few breaths, he had read the entire contents.

A ball of flame leaped from his hand, reducing the book to ashes.

Li Fan gazed toward the southeast.

"The Extreme South... has shifted to the southeast, huh? The changes between ancient and modern times are truly unfathomable."

"What Ximen Yu said before was indeed true. Over millions of years, the Xuanhuang Realm has actually expanded as a whole. Some places have completely vanished, while others have emerged out of thin air..."

"The once-sacred Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain has now transformed into a deep-sea vortex that connects to the endless ocean."

"According to Ximen Yu’s investigations, the Sacred Beast Mountain no longer exists. However..."

A sharp gleam flashed in Li Fan’s eyes.

Around the grand whirlpool, a ring of islands coiled like a dead giant serpent."This must be the red snake I saw back in the Fallen Immortal Realm, the one that wrapped around Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain."

"If even it has perished, then the demonic beast race's journey when they left the Xuanhuang Realm might not have been as smooth as they had hoped."

Li Fan flew toward Tiancheng of Yueyang Prefecture.

On the way, he reverted to his original appearance. As a guest official of the Xuan Clan, he held a Level 30 authority, granting him free access to the Long-Distance Teleportation Formation.

Originally, traveling through conventional teleportation formations would have taken at least half a month.

With the Long-Distance Teleportation Formation, he could arrive in just half a day.

Upon reaching Yueyang Tiancheng, he entered the inside of Immortal Ancestor’s Statue Hall. The attending reception staff verified Li Fan's identity and were slightly startled.

They then respectfully led Li Fan to the teleportation formation chamber.

Moreover, he was given priority over the cultivators ahead of him in the queue—the formation was activated for him first.

The cultivators who had been bypassed showed little resentment. Realizing that Li Fan’s status was extraordinary, they only revealed curiosity and envy in their gazes.

A slight dizziness washed over him. In the next instant, Li Fan arrived at Lingxu Prefecture, where the deep-sea grand vortex resided.

"Hmm?"

As he stepped out of the teleportation formation and adjusted to the anomalies in his body, he sensed something unusual.

He had used Long-Distance Teleportation Formation before.

Since the process involved crossing multiple prefectures and passing through many layers of Devouring Essence White Mist barriers, it typically resulted in more than just dizziness and discomfort.

The loss of lifespan from the journey was also quite noticeable—like a part of himself being extracted, leaving behind a faint sense of emptiness.

But this time…

Li Fan checked his [Truth] Interface for his current age.

"It's not an illusion. My lifespan hasn't decreased significantly."

"Has the Devouring Essence White Mist weakened, or has the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance improved the Long-Distance Teleportation Formation technology?"

Recalling his previous experience crossing the White Mist from Longevity Valley, Li Fan pondered.

"The Devouring Essence White Mist is still effective. Then what does this mean...?"

He also remembered that the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance had been secretly dispatching personnel into the White Mist, seemingly searching for something.

"It seems that, apart from the Samantabhadra True Boat, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance may have found another way to counter the Devouring Essence White Mist."

"What exactly is hidden within the White Mist?"

In an instant, Li Fan recalled the Chizha Abyss he had seen in his previous life and the many Lost Maze Zone rumored to be concealed within the White Mist.

"Wait a moment."

Li Fan suddenly halted his steps.

Because he recalled the time when he had encountered the Inverted Monster and comprehended the "Chaos" Character on the Broken Stone within that mysterious zone.

"Could it be that my use of the 'Chaos' Character back then led the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance to delve deep into the White Mist?"

Li Fan's thoughts raced.

"It's not impossible. However, under normal circumstances, the initial investigation should have been focused within the Xuanhuang Realm. Yet, they directly set their sights on the depths of the White Mist."

"Does that mean they've already searched the Xuanhuang Realm and found nothing? Or..."

"Has the 'Chaos' character appeared before, and its origin is actually within the White Mist?"

"If that’s truly the case, what does it imply?"

Li Fan couldn't help but fall into deep contemplation.

The Dao Deviation Stone emitted a dazzling blue light as he continuously deduced various possibilities.

Yet, his body never stopped moving, flying swiftly toward the great vortex.

Before long, the increasingly dense and violent water-element spiritual energy in the air reminded Li Fan that he was approaching his destination.

"Hiss..."

A sharp pain snapped Li Fan out of his thoughts.

"The spiritual energy here is rather strange," he frowned slightly.

With his current physique, merely absorbing a trace of this violent water-element energy caused unbearable pain—

as if countless sharp blades were cutting through his body from the inside.

Li Fan temporarily sealed his body's pores to block the influx of external spiritual energy. He then captured a wisp of it in his palm, carefully analyzing it.

"Not only is its nature violent and difficult for cultivators to absorb, but it also naturally contains the attribute of 'Rend'..."

"No wonder this region is sparsely populated. The closer one gets to the great vortex, the more desolate it becomes."

Li Fan continued flying toward his destination, noticing that the surrounding spiritual energy was becoming even sharper.

"Whoosh!"

During his flight, the astral winds slashed against his face, causing stinging pain.

He had no choice but to form a protective layer of spiritual energy around himself.

"Luckily, I have the Five Elements Great Cave-Heaven, forming a self-sustaining cycle within my body. If it were an ordinary cultivator, they’d likely deplete their spiritual energy in no time."

Sensing the rapid consumption of spiritual energy within him, Li Fan was secretly alarmed.

Thus, he continued to fly at full speed.

After the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, he finally saw the grand, surging Deep Sea Vortex and the serpent-shaped island coiled beside it.

Rather than approaching immediately, he observed from a distance.

For a moment, it felt as if he had returned to thousands of years ago—when the beast clans had collectively retreated from this place.

"This vortex must be an anomaly caused by the collapse of the Sacred Beast Mountain and the Rifting of Realms."

"Even after thousands of years, it has yet to subside. This alone shows how catastrophic the event must have been. Is this not also a form of damage inflicted upon the Xuanhuang Realm?"

At this thought, Li Fan suddenly had an epiphany.

"Every group that forcefully leaves this realm is like cutting an opening in the great balloon of the Xuanhuang Realm, which is already on the verge of being devoured by the Immortal Ruins."

"Naturally, those within the realm wouldn't allow it once they discovered the truth."

"They would inevitably try to stop it. That Red Serpent—perhaps it perished in battle for this very reason."

"Then what about the Heavenly Sword Sect? Was it because they were one of the Ten Great Immortal Sects that no one confronted them? Or...

"Was it that those who left with the World-Rifting Divine Weapon were not only members of the Heavenly Sword Sect?"

"Or perhaps, after the Heavenly Sword Sect departed, the other cultivators of the Ten Great Immortal Sects only realized it too late?"

Li Fan's thoughts remained turbulent, making him even more eager for his next journey to the Fallen Immortal Realm.

"The greater the turmoil, the deeper my Dao enlightenment!"

"This place... shall be my proving ground for ascension!"

Suddenly, amidst the howling gales stirred by the great vortex, a series of wild, frenzied shouts faintly reached Li Fan’s ears.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 688


Li Fan followed the direction of the sound and looked over. At the very center of the massive vortex, where wind and thunder clashed violently, stood a cultivator with a bare upper body, his frame lean but covered with tempered, powerful muscles. He was roaring toward the sky in fury.

Around him, countless tiny tornadoes could be faintly seen swirling. At the heart of the whirlwind, an abyssal darkness loomed, as if space itself had been torn apart.

The burly man drifted with the wind, the miniature tornadoes flickering in and out of existence in sync with his movements.

Even from a considerable distance away from the vortex’s core, Li Fan could feel the fierce winds slicing painfully against his skin. Yet, at the very heart of the storm, that muscular cultivator had no protective measures at all. He simply let the raging gales slam against his body, producing crisp, metallic collision sounds.

"That man is..."

Li Fan narrowed his eyes.

Though it was their first time meeting in this life, in his previous life, he had once crossed paths with this individual.

It was Dongfang Yao, the one who had overseen the construction of the Tianxuan Spirit-Locking Formation in the Ten-Thousand-Mile Scorching Sand Flats and Transformation Spirit Ravine. He was a close confidant of Huangfu Song and had already reached the Soul Transformation realm at that time.

However, it seemed that in this life, he had yet to break through that threshold and was still at the Nascent Soul stage.

"Interesting. No spiritual energy fluctuations at all, yet he can withstand the gales purely through his formidable physical body. If I recall correctly, body-refining techniques in the Xuanhuang Realm are limited by the world's natural laws, making progress extremely slow past a certain point. I wonder how he managed to refine himself to this level..."Li Fan did not rashly approach but instead observed Dongfang Yao from a distance, contemplating his insights.

The violent winds howled as the vortex's currents grew even more turbulent. Dongfang Yao attempted to steady himself within the storm, pushing toward the vortex’s core. Each step forward caused his body to emit ominous creaking noises, as if he were being compressed by immense pressure.

"Hmph!"

Dongfang Yao let out a deep roar, the veins on his neck bulging as a faint golden glow enveloped his muscles.

With unwavering resolve, he continued advancing toward the vortex’s center.

Suddenly, a black rift, resembling a bolt of lightning, appeared out of nowhere before Dongfang Yao. It was as if a sword had descended from the void, slashing directly across his body.

"Boom!"

A deafening explosion resounded, its force so immense that it pierced through the storm and rain. A fresh wound split open across Dongfang Yao's body, forcing him several steps back.

Yet, instead of fear, his expression showed excitement.

"I've finally been waiting for you!"

With a strange shout, the grievous wound on Dongfang Yao’s body healed in an instant. He stomped hard against the void, and in a sudden burst of energy, he leaped forward dozens of feet in an instant.

A colossal black rift loomed ahead. It was unclear whether it had just appeared or had always been there, hidden since ancient times, beyond the sight of ordinary beings.

A black radiance, sharp as a sword, slashed straight down Dongfang Yao’s midline.

"Pfft!"

Dongfang Yao's flesh was instantly torn apart, nearly splitting him open from chest to abdomen. His body was flung backward, retreating a thousand feet in the blink of an eye, returning to the outer perimeter of the vortex where it was relatively safe.

"Are you alright, Fellow Daoist?"

Seeing this, Li Fan called out at the right moment.

Without approaching, he flicked over a healing pill—a Hundred-Heal Pill, specially prepared for him by Liu San before this expedition. Though not quite a miraculous panacea that could revive the dead or regrow lost limbs, it was still an exceptional healing medicine. For ordinary injuries, it could heal completely within just a few breaths.

Dongfang Yao reached out and caught the Hundred-Healing Pill. With just a glance, he swallowed it whole.

"This is nothing! Many thanks for your concern, fellow Daoist!" As he spoke, the originally severe wounds on his body had already healed completely.

Not even a scar remained.

While part of the credit belonged to the Hundred-Healing Pill, the greater reason was Dongfang Yao's exceptionally strong physique.

Li Fan couldn’t help but take notice.

"How should I address you, fellow Daoist?" Dongfang Yao temporarily halted his training amidst the wind and rain, soaring over to Li Fan’s side.

"I am Li Fan. I heard of the Grand Vortex Phenomenon in Lingxu Prefecture, so I passed by to witness it for myself. I never expected to meet such an extraordinary individual like you, fellow Daoist!" Li Fan's gaze swept over Dongfang Yao’s well-defined muscles, his eyes filled with admiration.

"My name is Dongfang Yao!" He waved his hand dismissively. "I’m not extraordinary, just a bit sturdier than most!"

"Fellow Daoist Dongfang, you are being far too modest. With such an incredibly strong body, even the legendary body cultivators of ancient times might not compare to you!" Li Fan clicked his tongue in amazement.

Dongfang Yao burst into laughter. "Now, that’s something I like to hear..."

Just as he was about to continue speaking, he suddenly turned his head and looked toward the center of the Grand Vortex.

Amidst the roaring wind and thunder, a dark shadow seemed to surface once again.

"Fellow Daoist, wait here for a moment. I’ll be right back!"

His voice still echoed in the air as his figure shot toward the whirlpool’s core like a bolt of lightning.

A series of deafening explosions and collisions resounded once more.

A few breaths later, Dongfang Yao returned, covered in fresh blood and looking rather battered.

This time, however, Li Fan did not take out another Hundred-Healing Pill. Instead, he quietly observed Dongfang Yao heal himself.

His injuries were even more severe than before, but with just a bit more effort, he had fully recovered once again.

"So I worried for nothing and wasted a top-grade pill," Li Fan remarked in feigned exasperation.

"Haha, it wasn’t wasted! I still have it stored in my stomach!" Dongfang Yao smugly patted his abdomen and laughed.

Li Fan was momentarily stunned before shaking his head with a wry smile. "You truly are a fascinating person, fellow Daoist."

Dongfang Yao simply smiled without replying.

"To remain here at the Ancient Rift’s Vortex for so long without even flinching, you must be hiding some extraordinary abilities as well, Daoist Li," Dongfang Yao said meaningfully after a moment of contemplation.

A trace of helplessness appeared on Li Fan’s face. "The Xuanhuang Realm is riddled with dangers. Without some means of survival, how could I dare to wander about? But it’s nothing more than a quick spiritual recovery technique—not even close to comparing with your abilities, fellow Daoist."

"I’ve heard that body cultivation is extremely difficult. To reach this level, you must be a once-in-a-generation genius!" Li Fan remarked with genuine admiration.

Dongfang Yao waved off the praise, but the pride in his expression was impossible to conceal.

"It’s just that my physique is naturally a little special."

As he spoke, the dark fissure at the whirlpool’s center reappeared. Dongfang Yao halted their conversation and charged into the chaos once more.

Again, he returned with severe injuries, and again, he conversed with Li Fan after healing.

After several repetitions of this cycle, Li Fan gradually pieced together some truths from Dongfang Yao’s words.

It turned out that Dongfang Yao, much like Ye Feipeng, carried a trace of ancient beast bloodline within him.

Though diluted over thousands of years to the point of near insignificance, Dongfang Yao had once encountered a rare treasure that fully awakened the latent potential of his beast lineage.

"At first, I worried it might turn me into something neither human nor beast, but that thing... truly miraculous," Dongfang Yao sighed in amazement.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 689


"It merely extracts and amplifies the effects brought by the demonic beast bloodline within me, allowing me to absorb them. It does not have any adverse impact on my body."

"My ancestors... I have no idea which demonic beast they originated from. I don’t have any special abilities, except that my body is exceptionally resistant to attacks." Dongfang Yao said with a hint of pride.

"As long as I’m not beaten to death, I can recover within just a few breaths." He patted his chest, producing a loud thud.

"The legacy of your predecessors, combined with your own good fortune. That’s not something one can simply envy." Li Fan sighed and shook his head.

"I can see that you’re not far from breaking through to the Soul Transformation Realm. Are you planning to advance here?" After a moment, Li Fan asked.

"Not at all, not at all. I am here for two reasons: first, to temper my body; and second, to comprehend the Dao of [World-Rift]." Dongfang Yao spoke confidently. "Though my defense is extremely strong, I lack offensive means. If I get into a fight, I’d be nothing more than a punching bag. How could that not be frustrating? That’s why I found this place, which is perfect for me to comprehend the Dao."

"World-Rift…" A subtle glint flashed in Li Fan's eyes.

"I’ve heard you mention this term multiple times just now. What exactly does it mean?"

Dongfang Yao shrugged. "I’m not entirely sure either. But from the vague memories I inherited from my ancestors, I know that this place holds something akin to a scar on the Xuanhuang Realm. Compared to ordinary spatial rifts, it is several times more dangerous."

"Moreover…" He paused briefly."Before coming here, I made some inquiries. It is said that, in this great vortex, some cultivators have occasionally witnessed an extraordinary sight."

"A massive pillar of light bursts forth from the center of the vortex, piercing through the heavens and the earth. The entire world seems to tremble slightly, and the wind and clouds shift in response."

"The magnificent scene only lasts for a few moments before disappearing. And that pillar of light, as if it never truly existed, leaves no trace behind—just like an illusion. Some say it is a Time Mirage, a phenomenon that replays a real event from thousands of years ago. I don’t quite understand it myself."

Dongfang Yao, appearing open and straightforward, told Li Fan everything he knew.

"I actually know a little about this Time Mirage," Li Fan’s gaze flickered as he explained.

"When certain conditions are met, specific events in the world get recorded and then replayed at particular moments, over and over again…"

Dongfang Yao suddenly understood. "So, you're saying that this light pillar once tore apart the Xuanhuang Realm, creating this great vortex? That’s truly astonishing! If I could comprehend even a fraction of its power…"

As he spoke, excitement flashed across Dongfang Yao’s face.

The moment another black spatial fissure appeared, he let out a loud cry and charged toward the vortex’s center.

"Nanming Sacred Beast Mountain, the World-Rifting Divine Weapon…"

"If that’s the case, then at the former site of the Heavenly Sword Sect, there should also be such a [scar] left on the Xuanhuang Realm. Perhaps I could ask Shuo Feng about it—he was the one who found the precise location of the Sword back then."

As Dongfang Yao immersed himself in comprehending the power of Rift, Li Fan did more than just observe.

His Formless Killing Intent had already locked onto Dongfang Yao.

Though his physical body was not as resilient as Dongfang Yao’s—meaning he could not recklessly charge into the vortex’s core—by observing through Dongfang Yao’s perspective, he could still closely study and perceive the power of the black rift.

"Interesting… This seems somewhat similar to the force produced when the Five Elements merge into one. No wonder a Time Mirage manifests here as well."

While Li Fan's true self was outside the Great Vortex, comprehending the Dao amidst the storm,

His clone had already arrived in Tianling City.

Xu Bai, with his peerless beauty, naturally drew attention wherever he went.

However, his cold and aloof demeanor, coupled with his extraordinary attire, made it clear that he was no ordinary person.

As a result, no cultivators dared to approach him recklessly.

He leisurely wandered through Tianling City.

Over time, the name of the Heavenly Spirit Flower had spread widely throughout the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

What was originally a niche interest, only known to a select group, had now gained widespread recognition. First, Li Fan had offered longevity treasures as a bounty for it. Then, Shuo Feng and Lu Xuejing ordered people to inquire about it, while disciples of the Medicine King Sect, dispersed across various regions, secretly fueled the trend.

With multiple forces pushing it forward, almost every cultivator, unless they lived in complete isolation, had at least heard of the Heavenly Spirit Flower.

After a prolonged collective effort, people were finally forced to accept a cruel truth—

The Heavenly Spirit Flower no longer existed in this world!

The battle between the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association had resulted in countless fallen cultivators. The entire state was soaked in unimaginable bloodshed.

The Heavenly Spirit Flower, born from the essence of heaven and earth, was naturally sensitive to such changes. Now, every flower petal carried faint traces of red blood energy.

“What an eyesore! It ruins the elegance!”

“Alas, what good does war bring? Instead of gaining anything, countless cultivators perish, and the world loses its former beauty. Peace is hard to come by—fellow Daoists, you must cherish it and not recklessly start another conflict!”

Some mourned, some reflected.

But others saw an opportunity.

"Although the original Heavenly Spirit Flower no longer exists, this particular one has only a faint trace of blood energy—almost imperceptible. Compared to the original breed, it’s not much different. If you're interested, why not take a look for yourself?"

As its fame grew, the value of the Heavenly Spirit Flower skyrocketed.

Sharp-witted cultivators seized this moment to capitalize on the hype, deliberately selecting flowers with minimal blood energy to sell.

After all, the original breed had gone extinct—seeing a lower-grade substitute wasn’t a bad alternative.

While not many were willing to spend large sums on it, the vast number of cultivators in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance meant there were always buyers.

Moreover, the Heavenly Spirit Flower had a fixed annual yield, and those with less blood energy were even rarer. This naturally led to a continuous rise in its price.

Tianling City, which had been somewhat desolate after the war, was now bustling once again.

Some came out of curiosity, hoping to witness the flower in person. Others sought to profit through speculation.

Meanwhile, the merchants selling Heavenly Spirit Flowers came up with innovative methods.

Their shops were filled with unopened Heavenly Spirit Flowers.

Customers could try their luck, gambling on how much blood energy would appear on the petals once the flower bloomed.

If fortunate enough to pick one with minimal blood energy, they could sell it immediately for several times the price.

Of course, the vast majority suffered losses.

But the world has never lacked cultivators who believed in their own luck. As a result, even unopened Heavenly Spirit Flowers became highly sought after. The flowers barely stayed on display before they were quickly sold out.

“Luck, huh…”

Xu Bai smiled slightly as he stood among the crowd.

Without much thought, he casually picked one.

“Shopkeeper, this one will do.”

After paying the spirit stones, he did not take the flower with him but patiently waited for it to bloom.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 690


Xu Bai lingered in the shop, and the owner did not stop him.

After all, with his breathtakingly exquisite appearance, Xu Bai merely standing there, doing nothing, was enough to attract the attention of passing cultivators.

Even though cultivators could reshape their appearances, and those with stunning looks were not uncommon, Xu Bai was still someone who could leave people in awe at first glance.

Moreover, the otherworldly and mysterious aura he carried only added to his allure.

Both men and women paused in the store, secretly observing Xu Bai while casually purchasing a Heavenly Spirit Flower as a cover.

Business boomed, and the shop owner was naturally overjoyed. Overwhelmed with excitement, he wished Xu Bai could stay in the store day and night.

However, that was obviously impossible.

Two days later, the Heavenly Spirit Flower Xu Bai had chosen bloomed in full splendor.

At first, no one paid much attention, as their gazes still frequently drifted toward Xu Bai.

But when Xu Bai held the flower in his palm, and people caught a glimpse of it—A chorus of exclamations erupted.

“This is…?”

“The petals are truly red, yet tinged with an almost imperceptible pink… This can be rated as a first-grade Heavenly Spirit Flower!”

“Hiss… I heard that a first-grade Heavenly Spirit Flower recently sold for a sky-high price of 100,000 contribution points! No matter what, this one can’t be worth any less, right? But he only spent 1,000 contribution points to buy it—that’s an enormous profit!”

“Wow, not only is he beautiful, but even his luck is this good? How enviable.”

...

“So this is the power of fortune. Even without deliberate pursuit, every word and action causes things to develop in a direction beneficial to oneself"

Holding the Heavenly Spirit Flower, Xu Bai remained silent, contemplating how fortune influenced reality.

Sensing that part of his luck had been depleted, he immediately drew from the Feather of the Black Bird to replenish it.

As he returned to his senses, he noticed that the cultivators, including the shop owner, were all looking at the flower in his hands with intense excitement. Ř𝒶ΝŏꞖĚS

Xu Bai smiled slightly.

“No matter how beautiful one’s appearance, nothing moves the human heart more than profit.”

Then, in front of everyone, he spoke indifferently:

“First-grade? What trash.”

With that, spiritual energy surged in his palm, and in an instant, the twelve-petaled, first-grade Heavenly Spirit Flower turned to ash.

“What are you doing?!”

The crowd erupted in shock.

Although Xu Bai was the rightful owner of the flower and could dispose of it however he wished, it was still a treasure worth over 100,000 contribution points!

Destroying it so casually—while even calling it "trash"—was simply too much!

The faces of the cultivators darkened, their expressions turning grim.

One scholar-like cultivator, clutching a Heavenly Spirit Flower in his arms, stepped forward with a livid expression.

“Fellow Daoist! You may not love it, but please, do not harm it!”

“The life of a Heavenly Spirit Flower is already fleeting. In its full bloom, it should be admired and shared with the world…”

He continued speaking in righteous indignation.

“Move aside. You’re in my way.”

Xu Bai, however, simply flicked open a folding fan and effortlessly brushed the scholar to the side.

Ignoring him completely, Xu Bai walked away unhurriedly.

“You—!”

The scholar’s face flushed red with anger.

Strictly speaking, this scholar was not bad-looking, but compared to Xu Bai, he lacked a certain charm. He had already felt somewhat displeased with Xu Bai, and now, being looked down upon, jealousy and anger surged within him all at once.

"All first-grade Heavenly Spirits are trash? What an arrogant statement! You should know that unless the Original Species appears, the most beautiful Heavenly Spirits in the world are merely a few top-grade ones. Have you ever seen one yourself?" The scholar shouted at Xu Bai.

"From what I know, those few top-grade Heavenly Spirits had just bloomed and were immediately bought, gifted to various Immortal Alliance dignitaries for their viewing pleasure. Who exactly are you, and when have you ever seen one?"

The scholar was somewhat cautious, afraid of offending someone he shouldn't. His tone was restrained, carrying a hint of probing.

Xu Bai turned around upon hearing this.

With a crisp swish, he unfolded his folding fan, gently fanned himself, and shook his head with a smile. "As for those so-called top-grade Heavenly Spirits, I have never seen them either."

"Then you are just being pretentious and ignorant!" The scholar, relieved, immediately lashed out in anger.

"But in my eyes, those so-called top-grade Heavenly Spirits are nothing more than trash."

Although Xu Bai's voice was light, it fell upon everyone's ears like a thunderclap.

The scholar was momentarily stunned.

Then, overcome with rage, he let out a bitter laugh. "By your logic, then only..."

Xu Bai calmly finished his sentence for him. "That's right! Only the Original Species can truly be called a Heavenly Spirit Flower!"

As he spoke, he extended his right hand.

A translucent, paper-thin sheet—delicate as cicada wings—unfolded in his palm.

A Heavenly Spirit Flower appeared on the sheet, as vivid as if it were alive.

All seventeen of its petals were incomparably detailed, to the point where one could even see the entire flower trembling ever so slightly.

The scene instantly fell into an eerie silence.

Everyone present was well-versed in Heavenly Spirit Flowers, and the moment they laid eyes on the one in Xu Bai’s hand, it seized their full attention.

"The Original Species?"

After a brief moment, someone snapped out of their trance and cried out in shock.

"What?! That’s the Original Species!"

"The absolute pinnacle of Heavenly Spirits—worthy of its name! Compared to the Original Species, any so-called top-grade or first-grade Heavenly Spirit, if tainted with even a hint of blood, is nothing but garbage!"

…

Not only was the previously arrogant scholar stunned, but the cry of "Original Species" had also drawn the attention of nearly all the cultivators in Tianling City.

More and more cultivators rushed over upon hearing the news, staring at the Heavenly Spirit Flower in Xu Bai’s hand in a daze.

"Crash!" The scholar's pot of Heavenly Spirit Flowers fell to the ground, yet he seemed completely indifferent.

Instead, he stared at the Original Species in Xu Bai’s hand, his eyes filled with obsession as he slowly stepped closer.

Just as he was about to reach Xu Bai, Xu Bai suddenly withdrew it.

"No…!"

As if losing the most cherished thing in his life, the scholar's face contorted with madness. He lunged at Xu Bai in a frenzy.

In Immortal Alliance’s Cities, combat was strictly forbidden.

Before the towering statue of the Immortal Ancestor could even deliver its punishment, a radiant glow flickered on Xu Bai's clothes.

Xu Bai remained motionless while the scholar let out a miserable cry, violently rebounding and flying backward.

A divine light then descended from the Immortal Ancestor’s statue, instantly scorching the scholar’s body into a charred husk.

After struggling for a moment, he lost all signs of life and collapsed to the ground, dead.

The enforcement cultivators from the Martial Hall rushed over to collect the corpse. The heavenly phenomenon marking the death of a cultivator finally suppressed the restless crowd.

Xu Bai clasped his hands in a courteous salute to those around him before drifting away.

"It’s over. The Heavenly Spirit Flower business is finished."

The shop owner watched Xu Bai’s departing figure, his face ashen as he muttered to himself.

Glancing at the neatly arranged Heavenly Spirit Flowers in his shop, he quickly wrote a sign: "90% Clearance Sale", and hung it outside.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 691


My Longevity Simulation

The news that an original species of the Heavenly Spirit Flower had appeared in Tianling Prefecture spread like a whirlwind throughout the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

All the cultivators who had just been admiring and playing with their so-called top-grade or first-grade Heavenly Spirit Flowers suddenly found them dull and uninteresting.

"So, an original species truly exists in this world…"

With this thought in mind, they discarded their previously prized Heavenly Spirit Flowers like worthless trash and began frantically searching for the original species.

However…

Days turned into weeks.

Despite mobilizing nearly half the forces of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, they were still unable to locate the legendary original species of the Heavenly Spirit Flower.

This led many to doubt the credibility of the rumor.

But after thorough interrogation of those cultivators who had personally witnessed the event, they finally confirmed—the news was real!



The Heavenly Spirit Flower that had appeared that day was undoubtedly the true original species.



Now, things were getting interesting.

It was known that the environment of Tianling Prefecture had changed, and no more Heavenly Spirit Flowers without blood essence could be born.

Yet, the one displayed by that mysterious white-clad cultivator was unlike any ordinary Heavenly Spirit Flower.

It appeared to be sealed within a thin piece of paper.

This led to a shocking conclusion—

Before the great battle in Tianling Continent, that white-clad cultivator had somehow preserved a seventeen-petaled Heavenly Spirit Flower!

And most crucially—

This might be the only original species left in existence!

Unlike other short-lived original species that could only appear for a few brief moments before vanishing, this one could be preserved indefinitely and taken out for viewing at any time! ŘＡ𝐍ồꞖЁʂ

The implications of this…

The value of something is determined by its rarity.

And something truly unique in the world—

Is priceless.

The world went into a frenzy, searching for the white-clad cultivator who had possessed the original Heavenly Spirit Flower that day.

Yet, to everyone’s bewilderment, after that day, this person seemed to have vanished from the face of the earth. His past was shrouded in mystery, as if he had suddenly dropped from the sky. No one knew his background or identity.

Even Dao Integration Realm cultivators attempted to divine his whereabouts using fate-tracing techniques, but they found nothing.

This led to endless speculation.

Some claimed he was a spy from the Five Elders Association, and that the Heavenly Spirit Flower original species was a fabrication meant to disrupt and destroy the newly booming Heavenly Spirit Flower market.

Others believed he might be a reclusive rogue cultivator, living in seclusion within a hidden realm. His sudden appearance and equally abrupt disappearance could mean he was waiting for the highest bidder.

As the outside world grew increasingly curious about this mysterious cultivator, Xu Bai had already returned to the Beast Realm.

His own fortune was now merged with the world’s fortune, making him one with his small world, resisting any external attempts to trace or predict him.

"Rest assured, Young Master. Since you are within this small world, the outside world’s ability to sense you is already weakened. Moreover, with both myself and Old Fang working together to conceal your heavenly fate…"

Elder Liu San stroked his beard confidently. "Unless a Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign takes action personally, they will never be able to locate this place."

Xu Bai, however, wasn’t worried at all.

Besides the protective measures Elder Liu mentioned, he also had his own [Sky-Shrouding Hand] secret technique. Even Heavenly Net had been deceived, so within the current Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, no one should be able to deduce his existence.

Of course, if Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor were to personally descend just for this trivial matter—

Well, so be it.

After all, his true body was in the Great Vortex, millions of miles away, completely safe.

"Master, your strategy of ‘playing hard to get’ is truly brilliant! According to reports from our disciples outside, those people are getting desperate. They are scratching their heads in frustration, willing to offer outrageous prices just for a glimpse of the legendary original species of the Heavenly Spirit Flower!"

Fang Zaiji looked at Xu Bai with admiration, his voice filled with excitement.

"Some cultivators have even spoken out, willing to exchange a Dao Integration True Technique with the Sect Master in return for the Primal Seed. Tsk tsk…"

Xu Bai’s expression remained unchanged as he said indifferently, “No rush, let them wait a little longer.”

“The Sect Master is wise,” Fang Zaiji responded with a knowing smile.

“However, Sect Master, the commotion you caused this time is quite significant. I fear that when you go out again, the few magical treasures I crafted for you may not be able to withstand the pressure.” He suddenly furrowed his brows, expressing concern.

“If three to five Dao Integration cultivators conspire together to seize it by force, then your clone, Sect Master, would indeed be in real danger.”

Xu Bai’s face twitched slightly.

“Don’t worry, I have my own plans. Mr. Fang, you should focus on researching the True Cauldron of the Medicine King.”

Fang Zaiji chuckled before his figure flickered and disappeared.

“Elder Liu, there is something I need you to do.” After Fang Zaiji left, Xu Bai suddenly turned to Liu San.

“Young Master, please instruct me,” Liu San said solemnly.

“Find this person for me.” Xu Bai projected an image of Jiao Xiuyuan into the air.

“He has countless incarnations, with clones spread throughout the entire Xuanhuang Realm. In every state’s Heavenly City, there is a branch of the Qianli Hall where one of his clones resides. Normally, I could contact him directly, but at the moment, both my true self and my clone are preoccupied.”

“And since you do not yet have an official identity within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, you are unable to enter the Immortal Alliance’s Heavenly City. Therefore, you will have to trouble yourself by searching for him in the wilderness.”

“Focus on the ruins of ancient sects; it shouldn’t be too difficult.”

“When you find him, give him this item and tell him I have a business proposition to discuss.”

Xu Bai instructed carefully.

“Young Master, rest assured.”

After receiving the order, Liu San immediately left Longevity Valley to track down Jiao Xiuyuan.

Meanwhile, Xu Bai’s attention was mainly focused on his true self.

Lingxu Prefecture, The Great Vortex.

“Fellow Daoist, look! Could that be the Time Mirage you spoke of?”

Dongfang Yao pointed excitedly at the massive pillar of light rising from the center of the vortex.

Even though he was practically shouting at the top of his lungs, his voice was barely audible in the midst of the raging storm.

Even spiritual voice transmissions were being distorted by the twisted spiritual energy in the surroundings.

During the past few months of Dao comprehension alongside Dongfang Yao, Li Fan had sensed that something unusual was brewing within the Great Vortex.

Dongfang Yao had not noticed anything amiss, but Li Fan felt an inexplicable premonition.

Sure enough, on this very day, as Dongfang Yao was tempering his body in the black rift at the Vortex’s core, he suddenly froze in place.

The rift’s energy tore several deep wounds into his body, and blood streamed freely, yet he remained motionless.

Within the vortex, an inexplicable towering mountain suddenly appeared.

Scarlet serpents coiled around the peak.

Then, from the summit, a dazzling white light erupted—

Like the sharpest blade, it ripped through space.

It surged forth, piercing straight into the heavens.

Heaven and earth trembled, and the mountain began to crumble.

The scarlet serpents, hissing furiously, were forced to retreat.

“The World Rift… This is the true World Rift…”

Dongfang Yao stared at the breathtaking spectacle in a daze, murmuring to himself.

Meanwhile, Li Fan’s expression grew solemn.

“A Time Mirage… something that only appears once in a century, and yet, I encountered it so effortlessly…”

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 692


My Longevity Simulation

“Du'e Sect…”

“They just won’t let go!” A cold glint flashed through Li Fan’s eyes.

If it had only happened once, it could be brushed off as coincidence. But for it to occur repeatedly—luck alone could no longer explain it.

It was almost certain that this was related to what Jiao Xiuyuan had mentioned: Li Fan being the so-called "Calamity-Bearing One."

However, how exactly did the Du'e Sect, lurking in the shadows like relentless flies, manage to detect and lock onto him? That was something Li Fan still had no clue about.

After all, even in the ancient cultivation world, the Du'e Sect was an incredibly mysterious existence, let alone now, thousands of years later.

“Each time the cycle resets, the Du'e Sect must also be affected. So from their perspective, I might just seem like a cultivator with a mysterious background, harboring some unknown secret. But how are they always so certain that I am their so-called Calamity-Bearing One—the one who can help them overcome disaster?”

“Could it be that aside from the [Truth], I have some other special quality? Or is it purely because the Du'e Sect’s techniques are so profound that they can foresee the future?”

Thoughts raced through Li Fan’s mind.



Regarding whether he could escape the desperate situation of the Xuanhuang Realm and attain true immortality, Li Fan, who possessed the [Truth], had absolute confidence.



Conversely, if there truly existed a savior in this doomed world, then as the only variable, "Li Fan" was undoubtedly the most likely candidate.

“But if that’s the case, Ruomu letting me go back then was probably because he foresaw the boundless slaughter I would commit, bringing unimaginable disaster upon the world of cultivators.”

“So… does my future hold both salvation and destruction?”

…

Li Fan’s contemplation was abruptly interrupted by an overwhelming burst of white light before him.

Perhaps due to the astonishing nature of the recorded images within the Time Mirage, even the fabric of reality and space seemed to have been affected.

At the moment when the Sacred Beast Mountain of the Nanming emitted its world-shattering radiance, Li Fan noticed that the already turbulent spiritual energy around him suddenly resonated in unison, trembling violently.

“Not good! Fellow Daoist Li, retreat at once!”

Dongfang Yao, who had been excited moments before, suddenly paled, his figure flickering as he rapidly retreated beyond the vortex.

Though not entirely selfish, he still found the time to call out to the dumbfounded Li Fan.

“This is…”

As Li Fan’s body drifted backward, his gaze remained fixated on the enormous vortex and the surrounding sea, where space itself seemed to be sliced into fragmented sections.

Each black spatial rift seemed to contain the ferocious shadow of a monstrous beast.

They roared. They howled.

They clawed and tore through the very fabric of space.

A myriad of beasts, working as one, sought to rip apart the Xuanhuang Realm.

In an instant, Li Fan recalled the forging of the World-Rifting Divine Weapon in the Fallen Immortal Realm by the Heavenly Sword Sect.

They had cast a [Sword Embryo], infused with the various understandings of swordsmanship from multiple cultivators, into the Divine Weapon Furnace.

This scene of the Sacred Beast Mountain's world rupture felt eerily similar in principle.

“Tsk tsk tsk, I wonder what truly happened back then. Even after a thousand years, we can still catch a glimpse of that magnificent spectacle through mere illusions.” Dongfang Yao sighed in amazement. ℞аꞐοᛒƐ𝘚

The dazzling white pillar of light lasted for the time it takes to finish half a cup of tea.

Then, it vanished abruptly without a sound.

The stark contrast between the intense brilliance and the sudden darkness made the world seem as if it had plunged into twilight in Li Fan’s eyes.

With the disappearance of the Time Mirage, the tempest surrounding the massive vortex also began to calm, as if it had entered a period of silence after a great battle, slowly gathering its strength once more.

“What a pity. Who knows how long it will be before another rift appears?” Dongfang Yao said regretfully.

“But from the looks of it, Fellow Daoist, you seem to have gained some insights.” Li Fan smiled.

Dongfang Yao waved his hand dismissively. “Gaining insights from a wondrous scene is always beneficial. But my comprehension is still far from matching the true might of that world rift. It’s a shame this place isn’t like the [Mortal Ascension to God Wall], which appears at a fixed location and time. Here, it’s purely a matter of luck.”

“I once studied the Mortal Ascension to God Wall over and over, and eventually managed to form my Golden Core using four different methods. But unfortunately, my comprehension is limited, and I could not glean anything further from it.” A hint of nostalgia flashed in Dongfang Yao’s eyes.

“The Mortal Ascension to God Wall.” Li Fan’s heart stirred.

It was another Time Mirage, recording the transformation of Mr. Bai from a mere mortal into a Godhood in a single step.

Li Fan had long heard of it.

However, due to lingering doubts, he had never gone to observe it personally.

His main concern was whether Mr. Bai, who was hailed as "the kindest man in the world," was truly as benevolent as he appeared—and whether he was still alive today.

From Li Fan’s repeated experiences in the Fallen Immortal Realm, it was clear that Mr. Bai had achieved a level of mastery close to that of an immortal.

If such a figure still existed somewhere in the Xuanhuang Realm, then even seeing him through the recorded images of the Mortal Ascension to God Wall might be no different from encountering him in reality.

What consequences that might bring—no one could say for sure.

Until he uncovered Mr. Bai’s true nature, Li Fan dared only to observe his “past” through the Fallen Immortal Realm.

After all, the treasured [Truth] was something that even a true immortal would fight tooth and nail to obtain.

As these thoughts passed through his mind, Li Fan casually responded, “The [Mortal Ascension to God Wall] is indeed extraordinary—a true wonder of Tianyun Prefecture!”

Dongfang Yao donned a green robe before suddenly recalling something. His expression turned a bit strange. “The Ascension Wall is remarkable, but if you ask me, the strangest thing in Tianyun Continent is actually a black dog!”

“A black dog?” Li Fan was momentarily stunned before his mind flickered with light from the Dao Deviation Stone. He suddenly recalled a legend he had once heard from Shenyu Zi.[1]

“Are you referring to that infamous man, Chen Shimei—the one who ruthlessly refined his own Dao companion into his cultivation foundation?”

Dongfang Yao nodded vigorously. “Exactly! That vile act enraged the [Fairy Kongyou], who transformed him into a black dog. Countless cultivators, eager to curry favor with her, would bring all sorts of wild beasts just to torment him.”

“The sight of it…”

Dongfang Yao shivered, as if recalling something terrifying.

“But actually, there’s something even more bizarre about this whole affair.” Dongfang Yao suddenly lowered his voice.

“Oh? Could there be more to the story?” Li Fan raised an eyebrow.

“You know that I possess the bloodline of ancient divine beasts. As my physique grew stronger, I discovered another unique ability that comes with it—”

“I can communicate with all beasts.” Dongfang Yao spoke in a conspiratorial tone.

“Once, when I passed through Tianyun Prefecture, I encountered that tormented black dog. To others, its cries sounded like pitiful howls of pain, but to me, they were words of grievance.”

“The dog swore solemnly, saying that everything was the idea of its perverted Dao companion. It claimed that it had simply fallen asleep and woke up to find that its fellow cultivator was gone, but it had gained an additional foundation of the path within its body.”

Li Fan was momentarily speechless.

Dongfang Yao shrugged. “At first, I didn’t believe it either. But once Chen Shimei realized I could understand him, he clung to me like his last hope, desperately pleading his case…”

“What's even more terrifying is that he said his Daoist partner actually hasn't died. Through some unknown method, they can still communicate and talk every day.”

“Suffering a wrongful accusation, enduring both mental and physical torment every day, 'Chen Shimei' has become utterly insane.”

“That time, he pleaded with me, begging me to help him find release. But, well...”

Dongfang Yao had a helpless expression on his face. "Fairy Kongyou has countless admirers; I wouldn't dare offend her. Even if she were wrong, I couldn't say it outright."

"So, in the end, it’s always Chen Shimei who suffers."

Dongfang Yao let out a sigh.

"Since then, I’ve come to realize just how terrifying women can be. I’d rather avoid them entirely."

"Men like Fellow Daoist Li, who are straightforward and genuine, are much more to my liking."

He glanced at Li Fan, nodding in satisfaction.

"Heh…" Li Fan discreetly took a slight step away from Dongfang Yao.

"This is the first time I’ve heard of this incident. It’s truly interesting. Fairy Kongyou…"

The name Fairy Kongyou was familiar to Li Fan. In fact, in his past life, he had even met her once.

That was at the commendation ceremony held after the Tianxuan Spirit-Locking Formation was completed.

She was indeed breathtakingly beautiful, living up to the name of a fairy.

More importantly, she had a unique constitution, possessing a rare Innate Yin-Yang Jade, an existence that was half a heavenly wonder.

Through the dual cultivation method, she could fuse the Yang half of her Yin-Yang Jade with her Dao companion. This process would elevate the companion’s Foundation Establishment treasures, Golden Core, Nascent Soul Cave-Heaven, and even their life transformations to a higher level.

It was enough to turn an ordinary cultivator into a peerless genius overnight.

It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call it defying fate itself.

Because of this, Fairy Kongyou was fervently pursued by countless talented young cultivators.

She also seemed to have a powerful background. Some reckless cultivators had once attempted to force her, but they all mysteriously vanished—neither their bodies nor their souls were ever found again.

Dongfang Yao noticed Li Fan's subtle change in expression and couldn't help but warn him, "Fellow Daoist Li, trust me. Beauty is a disaster; brotherhood is eternal."

"Haha, Brother Dongfang speaks wisely! A woman like that is beyond my reach!" Li Fan laughed heartily, cutting him off.

"The Great Vortex's turmoil has settled. Where will you be heading next?" Li Fan asked.

Dongfang Yao was pleased to hear Li Fan agreeing with him and grinned. "I have a friend named Huangfu Song. We get along extremely well, like brothers. Since you and I are so compatible, I imagine you would also get along well with him."

"Recently, I heard he's heading to Chizha Abyss, saying it’s a rare opportunity to make great contributions. He invited me to join him. I’ve got nothing better to do, and I’ve just comprehended a new divine ability. My hands are itching for action, so I figured I’d join the fun."

"So, Brother Li, are you interested?" Dongfang Yao looked at Li Fan with anticipation.

"Chizha Abyss? White Mist, Maze Zone, great contribution…" Li Fan narrowed his eyes as countless clues connected in his mind.

"It is what I desire, though I dare not ask it of you." After a moment of thought, Li Fan agreed without much hesitation.

"Great!" Dongfang Yao was overjoyed.

"I’ll ask him where he is now and go meet up with him!"

With that, he took out a communication talisman and sent an inquiry.

A short while later, Dongfang Yao put away the talisman.

"Tianyu Prefecture, let’s go!"

Hearing this familiar place name, Li Fan smiled slightly, then followed behind Dongfang Yao, flying towards the nearest teleportation formation.

In the Beast Realm…

Amid his deep meditation on the world’s destiny, Xu Bai suddenly opened his eyes.

Standing in the sky, he parted his lips slightly, as if uttering a command.

The world fell into an eerie silence.

A moment later, an earth-shaking chorus of millions of ancient beasts roaring erupted across the realm.

Unlike the dominant powerful beasts that once ruled the Beast Realm, these roars came from the most formidable ancient beasts of the primordial era.

Their cries carried a primal savagery and terrifying ferocity.

At that moment, every beast in the realm—no matter how mighty—stopped in its tracks and trembled in fear.

Uncontrollably, they knelt in submission, gazing toward the source of the sound.

Before Xu Bai, the space itself fractured, forming cracks as deep and dark as those seen in the Great Vortex’s Time Mirage.

The surrounding space was torn apart, distorting the very fabric of reality. Even the realm itself seemed to become unstable.

A figure suddenly appeared.

It was Fang Zaiji.

"Sect Master, what happened?"

Seeing this shocking scene, Fang Zaiji was alarmed and asked anxiously.

He feared that an enemy had forcefully broken through space and attempted to abduct Xu Bai. Preparing to strike in defense, he steadied himself.

Yet, Xu Bai merely sealed his lips.

Instantly, the deafening beastly roars vanished, and the world returned to silence.

The space fractures disappeared as if they had never existed.

Xu Bai glanced at Fang Zaiji and said indifferently, "It’s nothing. I merely comprehended a new divine ability."

"Uh…" Fang Zaiji was stunned as he examined Xu Bai.

"The phenomenon just now—was that really caused by the Sect Master’s comprehension? Are you serious? Even Liu San and I can’t cause something like that…"

His face showed clear disbelief.

Xu Bai ignored him and simply relived the process of casting his divine ability.

"Strange… this clone’s talent is ridiculously high."

"While observing the World-Rift Time Mirage, my main body only had some insights… But this clone…"

"When witnessing the forms of the ten thousand beasts, it felt as if I were there in person, hearing their roars firsthand."

"Even those obscure, unrecognizable ancient beasts—I could see their images vividly in my mind."

"And…"

Xu Bai looked at his hands.

"To perceive essence beyond appearance… to instantly comprehend and replicate the power of World-Rifting…"

"Could it be because of Xu Ke’s bloodline, combined with the Feather of the Black Bird?"

"Or… is it because of Mr. Bai?"

As this thought crossed Li Fan’s mind, he found it utterly absurd.

It was merely a resemblance in demeanor based on Mr. Bai's, a coincidental similarities they just happen to share.

But…

What if it wasn’t just a coincidence?

TL- [Shenyu Zi was previously translated as Oracle]

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 693


"Simply by bearing a resemblance in spirit, one can receive the favor of Heaven and Earth, as well as the wonders of creation..."

Li Fan suddenly recalled an anecdote from the previous dynasty of the Great Xuan.

The last emperor of the previous dynasty, Emperor Zhengxu, was originally a rare ruler capable of revitalizing his empire. From the moment he ascended the throne at the age of sixteen, he executed treacherous ministers, quelled bandits, improved water conservancy, and abolished taxes—sweeping away the signs of the empire's decline and resembling the sage-kings of old. In just over twenty years, the land was peaceful, prosperous, and thriving. The common people had no worries about food or clothing and sang praises of the wise ruler. The officials submitted wholeheartedly, writing books extolling the emperor’s virtues.

Had he continued this way, the founding emperor of the Great Xuan might never have had the opportunity to overturn the heavens and establish a new era.

However, everything took a sharp turn when Emperor Zhengxu reached the age of thirty-seven. The reason? His beloved Empress Duanmu passed away due to illness.

Upon hearing the tragic news, Emperor Zhengxu nearly fainted on the spot. Overcome with grief, he withdrew from state affairs for several months. Had it ended there, the empire would have remained stable under the guidance of its many capable ministers, even if the emperor himself remained secluded. But perhaps the fall of the Zheng Dynasty was already predestined—on a visit to the place where he had first met Empress Duanmu, Emperor Zhengxu encountered a woman who bore an uncanny resemblance to her.

Not only was her appearance nearly identical, but even her expressions and mannerisms were indistinguishable from the woman he had lost.

And she was younger.

Shaken to his core, Emperor Zhengxu believed it was fate. Without hesitation, he brought her back to the palace, made her his concubine, and indulged in her company day and night.

To please her, he engaged in all manner of extravagance—constructing lavish palaces and gardens within the imperial city and even digging a canal connecting the royal court to the outskirts, so they could drift upon its waters at their leisure. He commanded his officials to scour the land for rare treasures to entertain his beloved concubine.The entire court was thrown into chaos, and the people’s resentment boiled over. Those who dared to admonish him were either dismissed from office or executed.

Even so, the empire did not collapse immediately, thanks to the strong foundation Emperor Zhengxu had built in his earlier years.

But when the concubine gave birth to a son, the emperor seemed to lose all reason. Ignoring the vehement opposition of his ministers, he sought to depose the crown prince. The crown prince, unwilling to sit idly by, rallied his supporters under the banner of "eliminating the wicked concubine and purging the court." His rebellion was backed by many noble families in the capital, including the Duanmu clan.

After days of fierce battle, the rebellion was ultimately crushed, and the crown prince took his own life in defeat. But the Zheng Dynasty had suffered a devastating blow.

From that point on, Emperor Zhengxu withdrew entirely from court affairs, indulging solely in pleasure.

The empire fell into decline. By the time Emperor Zhengxu turned fifty-six, the imperial palace was stormed by rebel forces. The emperor and his concubine perished in each other's arms, consumed by fire.

Later scholars, when studying this period of history, were baffled by how an emperor who had once shown such promise could lose himself to lust and bring ruin to his empire.

The only explanation was that his love for Empress Duanmu had reached an unfathomable depth. So when he encountered someone who resembled her, he completely lost his reason—perhaps even falling into madness—and in the end, destroyed a once-glorious kingdom in a single day.

There are no new things under the sun.

Similarly, if Xu Bai’s clone could gain such extraordinary favor from Heaven and Earth simply by resembling Mr. Bai, then there were only two possibilities:

Either Mr. Bai was an incarnation of the Dao itself.

Or he held an unparalleled significance to the Xuanhuang Realm—so much so that the world constantly yearned for the emergence of another "Mr. Bai." To the extent that even a mere resemblance could grant someone an extraordinary affinity with the laws of Heaven and Earth.

"Mr. Bai..."

Memories of all he had seen in the Fallen Immortal Realm surfaced in Xu Bai's mind, yet he remained silent.

After a long while, his thoughts settled. He retrieved the seventeen-petal Heavenly Spirit Flower, which had been sealed with a special secret technique.

With narrowed eyes, he once again examined the countless scenes imprinted upon its petals. This time, a perception completely different from his original self began to emerge.

It was as if he was gazing down upon the world from a celestial perspective, sweeping across the entire Tianling Prefecture in an instant. In that moment of illusion, he glimpsed vast mountains and rivers, the myriad beings of the land, the ever-changing winds and clouds, and the cycle of prosperity and decline.

Before him, the Heavenly Spirit Flower seemed to reflect all that transpired within the continent—like a divine mirror revealing the essence of the world itself.

A trace of enlightenment quietly passed through Xu Bai’s heart. However, like snowflakes melting into water, it vanished without a trace in an instant, leaving him with a sense of loss.

"This feeling… it's just like when I once used the Canghai Pearl to observe the grand transformations of the world from the vast perspective of heaven and earth, ultimately comprehending the [Formless Killing Intent]."

"The divine abilities and spells of cultivators largely originate from heaven and earth itself. Observing from the perspective of heaven and earth naturally makes comprehension easier."

"However, in the end, a flower is merely a record of nature’s scenery—it is not truly one with heaven and earth. Gaining insight from it is not so simple; it requires exceptional perception. Just like before, when my true self personally crafted it, studied it carefully countless times, yet still saw it as nothing more than an ornamental object."

"But this is not the flower’s problem—it is the person’s problem."

"Hmph."

Xu Bai made fine adjustments to the plan in his mind. Before Liu San returned, Xu Bai's mind continued to settle into contemplating the flower and understanding the Dao.

Tianyu Prefecture.

After spending quite some time, Li Fan and Dongfang Yao finally arrived in Tianyu City. However, instead of heading to the Huanyu Courtyard, where Li Fan had received formation training in his previous life, they went to a private room in the Dao-Discussion Tower.

"Let's wait a bit. I've already notified Brother Huangfu, and he should be here soon," Dongfang Yao said casually, sitting cross-legged on the ground. He tapped his fingers on the floor, and before long, a cup of spiritual tea emerged.

"Damn, how stingy," Dongfang Yao muttered under his breath, downing the tea in one gulp.

Li Fan was no stranger to the Dao-Discussion Tower and knew that Dongfang Yao was short on funds, so he could only drink the complimentary tea.

Smiling slightly, Li Fan connected his divine sense with the control jade token of the room.

Before long, a dark green teapot appeared.

"Brother Dongfang, please!" Li Fan gestured with a smile.

"Brother, you’re too generous!" Dongfang Yao beamed with joy, happily pouring himself a cup and drinking it in one go.

"This is the finest [Thousand Cultivators’ Dao Discourse] tea! Brother Li, you are truly magnanimous! The last time I had tea of this caliber was when I returned from the [Thousand Pages Book Forest] and couldn’t resist celebrating!" Dongfang Yao praised endlessly.

Shaking his head, he closed his eyes slightly, as if savoring some deep insight.

Just then, a familiar voice rang out.

"Dongfang Yao! You dare to enjoy [Thousand Cultivators’ Dao Discourse] alone without sharing it with me?"

A plump cultivator with a kind and amiable face stepped into the room.

His face bore a mock expression of anger, but there was a trace of a smile at the corner of his lips.

His gaze briefly swept over Li Fan before settling on Dongfang Yao with an unreadable expression.

"Brother Huangfu, you’re just in time!" Dongfang Yao’s eyes snapped open. He poured a cup of spiritual tea and tossed it over.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 694


Huangfu Song steadily caught the teacup and tilted his head back to drink it.

"Now that you've had Brother Li’s tea, we are brothers from now on," Dongfang Yao said with a satisfied nod.

"Brother Dongfang, you haven’t introduced me yet. Who might this be?" Huangfu Song glanced at Li Fan, who was sitting upright beside him, and asked tentatively.

"This is Li Fan," Dongfang Yao said, raising his head. "I happened to meet him while comprehending the Dao in the Grand Vortex of Lingxu Prefecture. We hit it off instantly. When you mentioned this rare opportunity to earn contribution, I discussed it with him, and we decided to come together."

A glint flashed in Huangfu Song’s eyes as he discreetly gave Li Fan another look.

Li Fan remained composed, cupped his hands, and said, "I've long heard of Brother Huangfu’s great name. It’s an honor to meet you!"

However, Huangfu Song did not display any particular enthusiasm. He merely nodded slightly in acknowledgment.

After some casual conversation, the straightforward Dongfang Yao finally got to the point.

"Huangfu, stop keeping us in suspense. What is this once-in-a-century opportunity for contribution you mentioned? Speak now!"

Huangfu Song pondered for a moment before slowly speaking. "Although this matter is still confidential, it will soon be officially announced. Since both of you are our own people…""I won’t hide it anymore."

"The Immortal Alliance is about to issue an order encouraging all cultivators to explore deep into the White Mist. Not only will they provide the Samantabhadra True Boat needed for the expedition free of charge, but all treasures obtained during the exploration will belong entirely to the individual. The Immortal Alliance will not interfere in the slightest."

"Furthermore, merely reporting the terrain and discoveries of the White Mist will earn contribution points, merits, and even access to top-secret cultivation techniques as rewards."

…

Huangfu Song continued to explain the new policy of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance in great detail.

After he finished, Dongfang Yao still looked puzzled.

"Did I hear that right? Deep into the White Mist? Other than the White Mist itself, could there be anything else inside?"

Huangfu Song cast an exasperated glance at Dongfang Yao before explaining, "Within the White Mist, there exist Maze Zone. Each Maze Zone is vast, even larger than many Cave-Heavens or small worlds."

"And that’s just the surface of what we’ve discovered. According to the latest investigations, many hidden rifts and passageways exist within the White Mist, leading to unknown destinations."

"The higher-ups of the Immortal Alliance are extremely determined to explore the White Mist this time, and the rewards are unprecedentedly generous. Many cultivators who got wind of the news have already ventured into the mist ahead of time. Once the policy is officially finalized, they’ll report their findings and immediately claim their merit rewards."

"Though we received the news a bit late, if we move quickly, we can still get a share of the rewards. If I hadn’t been waiting for you, Brother Dongfang, I would have set out seven days ago."

Huangfu Song sighed and took a sip of tea, glancing at Dongfang Yao helplessly.

"Good brother, you’re really looking out for me!" Dongfang Yao slapped Huangfu Song’s shoulder forcefully, causing his round belly to wobble.

"So what are we waiting for? Let’s set off immediately! I’m practically broke. The resources I need to strengthen my physical body are ridiculously expensive!" He urged impatiently.

Huangfu Song rolled his eyes at Dongfang Yao. "The White Mist is full of dangers. Since we’re already late, a little more preparation won’t hurt. We need to be fully equipped before we go. We may not be extraordinary, but at the very least, we shouldn’t be a burden to the team."

As he spoke, his gaze subtly swept over Li Fan.

Li Fan smiled slightly. "Since Brother Huangfu has said so, I won’t hide it either. My combat strength may be somewhat lacking, but I am quite wealthy. I can provide the Samantabhadra True Boat required for this journey, as well as artifacts that can temporarily resist the energy-draining effects of the White Mist."

"If we encounter challenges beyond the Nascent Soul level during exploration, I will voluntarily withdraw so as not to put my brothers in a difficult position."

…

Seeing Li Fan's frankness, Huangfu Song was somewhat surprised. Meanwhile, Dongfang Yao was slightly dismissive. "What is Li Fan saying? So what if it's a Nascent Soul cultivation? Am I not also at the Nascent Soul stage? When brothers work together, their strength can cut through metal. How could a mere Devouring Essence White Mist possibly stop us?"

Li Fan frowned and instead offered a word of caution. "I know that Brother Dongfang has an exceptionally strong physique, and even the spatial rifts within the Great Vortex couldn't harm you. However, the depths of the White Mist are truly extraordinary. I once heard Brother Shuo mention that within the mist lies a Maze known as the Chizha Abyss. Even he must tread carefully, or else he risks falling to his doom. Brother Shuo possesses the combat power of the Soul Transformation stage and carries a protective artifact gifted by his mother. If even he says such things, then the dangers of the White Mist are self-evident."

Huangfu Song and Dongfang Yao were momentarily stunned.

"Brother Shuo? Which Brother Shuo?"

Huangfu Song’s expression subtly changed. "Could it be…?"

Li Fan nodded slightly. "I won’t hide it from you two—Shuo Feng and I are close friends, and he has invited me to serve as a guest elder for the Xuan family."

Dongfang Yao showed little reaction, but Huangfu Song suddenly stood up, his face full of shock.

"Brother Li, are you serious?"

Li Fan smiled. "I doubt there’s a single Nascent Soul cultivator in the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance who would dare impersonate a guest elder of the Xuan family."

Upon hearing this confirmation, Huangfu Song’s attitude shifted immediately.

"Amazing! Why didn’t you mention this earlier, Brother Li? With your help, this expedition into the White Mist is sure to be a fruitful one!"

His words were full of flattery, while he subtly probed for more details regarding Shuo Feng.

After Li Fan revealed a few details, Huangfu Song finally confirmed the truth and became even more enthusiastic.

"With Brother Li's assistance, our chances of success have increased significantly. We must set out as soon as possible!" Huangfu Song declared decisively.

"One day should be enough to prepare the necessary supplies," Li Fan responded.

Dongfang Yao shrugged, indicating that he was ready at any time.

Thus, the three of them agreed to meet at the same place the next day.

After temporarily parting ways, Li Fan entered the Tianxuan Mirror, took out a communication talisman, and inquired with Shuo Feng about the Immortal Alliance’s decision to conduct a large-scale exploration of the White Mist.

Before long, Shuo Feng sent a reply.

"Oh, I think I did hear something about that. Why? Are you interested? There are too many strange and unpredictable things inside—there's no need to take that risk. If you need contribution points or anything, I can speak with my family and increase your offerings instead. There's no need to get involved in the chaos. If you die in there, it wouldn't be worth it." His tone remained as indifferent and carefree as always.

After declining Shuo Feng's offer, Li Fan asked about the original species of the Heavenly Spirit Flower before ending the communication.

"A Maze…"

The thick White Mist was indeed eerie and filled with countless dangers.

In his past life’s knowledge alone, he had heard of the Chizha Abyss and the Chaotic Character Maze Zone.

In fact, the Eternal Immortal Fortress that guarded the Chizha Abyss was built from the severed hand of an Ancient Heavenly Sovereign who had fallen.

That severed hand of the Heavenly Sovereign had drifted out from within the White Mist.

This alone was proof of the immense danger and mystery hidden within.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 695


Li Fan speculated that within the white mist, besides the remnants of ancient cultivation worlds, there might also be the remains of other cultivation realms.

After all, no one truly knew how many worlds the Xuanhuang Realm had absorbed over the years to delay being devoured by the Immortal Ruins. Even the Xuanhuang Realm itself had undergone drastic changes, as if it had expanded in size. Not to mention the white mist barrier, which seemed to be a buffer zone where worlds merged.

However, for Li Fan, though the white mist was full of dangers, its actual level of threat might not necessarily surpass that of the Xuanhuang Realm itself.

The Xuanhuang Realm hid too many terrifying entities. Since Li Fan’s reincarnation, he had encountered beings such as the Heavenly Physician, Ruomu, and the mysterious Heavenly Palm. Each time, he barely escaped with his life. Who knew how many other hidden powerhouses still lurked in the shadows?

In comparison, while the white mist was perilous, most of the danger came from the Devouring Essence Mist itself. Even if he encountered eerie and terrifying entities, they would not be as overwhelmingly powerful as the great cultivators of the Xuanhuang Realm, who could prevent him from even using his [Truth] ability.

"Compared to the Xuanhuang Realm, the white mist is like the corpse of a dead cultivation world. And the living are often more terrifying than the dead."

"With my clone Xu Bai handling the planning for the later chapters of the ‘Mountain Sitting Technique,’ there shouldn't be any major issues. My true body can take this opportunity to explore the white mist and see what the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance is up to."

Clearing his thoughts, Li Fan used his past life's experience to purchase useful supplies from the Tianxuan Mirror.

For example:

Eight Directions Purity Formation Diagram – A formation that could temporarily block the invasion of the Devouring Essence Mist, providing a crucial moment to catch one's breath.Black Death Talisman – A necessary item to resist the Devouring Essence Mist's effects and allow movement within the white mist.

Various spirit pills and elixirs to rapidly replenish internal spiritual energy.

Li Fan keenly noticed that the prices of these items had been steadily rising in recent times. The Black Death Talisman, in particular, had silently doubled in price. It was clear that a significant number of people were already aware of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's plan to send cultivators into the white mist and were taking advantage of the last moments to profit.

Among all these supplies, the price increase of longevity-related treasures was the most astonishing, with most of them tripling or even quadrupling in price. Longevity-enhancing items had always been rare and expensive.

After consuming one, a cultivator would need to find a different type for further effect. This made them highly sought after, often commanding exorbitant prices and always being in short supply.

Now that the era of white mist exploration was approaching, these longevity treasures had essentially become life-saving artifacts against the Devouring Essence Mist.

In his previous life, Li Fan had been trapped in the white mist and had barely escaped. However, he had stayed inside for too long. By the time he returned to the Eternal Immortal Stronghold, he had aged drastically. If he had possessed Longevity Pills back then, he could have avoided such a fate.

Other cultivators did not have the luxury of Li Fan’s ability to restart. It was only natural to stock up on life-saving resources to ensure survival.

Glancing at the over one hundred Longevity Pills that Liu San had prepared for him, Li Fan, who was not lacking in contribution points, had no intention of selling them. Instead, he planned to use them at critical moments.

"It's a pity that at this point in time, Zhong Shentong has yet to rise to fame. I've searched for a long time, but I haven't been able to find any trace of him. Otherwise, if I could learn his Seven-Colored Divine Light technique, moving around would be much easier. As for his incomplete manuscript of the ‘Life and Death Profound Art’… I’ll wait until I have the opportunity to obtain the full version."

Time passed quickly.

The next day, Li Fan met up again with Huangfu Song and Dongfang Yao.

As promised, Li Fan took out the large batch of supplies he had purchased and handed them over to them.

"Damn, brother, you’re really generous!" Dongfang Yao grinned widely as he happily accepted the storage ring filled to the brim with supplies.

Huangfu Song glanced at the ring, his face showing surprise. "Brother Li, you’ve truly gone all out!"

"Since we’ve agreed to explore the white mist together, we must make thorough preparations. A little money is nothing compared to our lives," Li Fan said casually, waving off their concerns.

"Besides that, I also prepared these."

Li Fan’s expression turned serious as he took out two jade bottles and handed them over.

Huangfu Song and his companion took the items and opened them. Inside, they saw three pills emitting a faint cyan glow.

The enticing fragrance of the pills filled the air, making it almost impossible for them to resist the urge to swallow them immediately.

Both of their expressions changed slightly, and they spoke in unison, "Longevity Pills?"

Li Fan nodded slightly, lowered his voice, and whispered, "I went through great effort to obtain these. These pills are called 'Longevity Pills.' Each one can extend life by two hundred years. What’s even more remarkable is that they can be taken multiple times. Although the effect gradually diminishes, it is said that within ten doses, it can still guarantee an additional hundred years of life."

Upon hearing this, Huangfu Song and his companion immediately realized the immense value of the Longevity Pills.

Without hesitation, they carefully stored the jade bottle and looked at Li Fan with deep emotion. "Brother Li..."

Li Fan smiled slightly and raised his hand to interrupt them.

Huangfu Song's expression fluctuated as if he was struggling internally. Finally, he gritted his teeth, as if he had made up his mind.

"Brothers, please wait a moment. I will be back shortly."

Without waiting for Li Fan’s response, Huangfu Song hurriedly left the private room in the Dao-Discussion Tower. To an outsider, it might have looked like he had taken the items and fled.

However, neither Dongfang Yao nor Li Fan showed any such suspicion.

They remained calmly waiting in the room with unwavering patience.

Dongfang Yao had known Huangfu Song for many years and was well aware of his character, so he had no concerns. However, the fact that Li Fan remained just as composed left him quite impressed.

"Hehe, my judgment is truly excellent. Brother, you are indeed worth befriending!"

"In the White Mist, dangers lurk everywhere. If we cannot trust our companions, then what is the point of traveling together?" Li Fan responded indifferently, exuding an air of confidence.

However, as time dragged on and Huangfu Song still did not return, even after half a day, and his communication talisman remained unanswered, it seemed as if he had vanished from the world.

This time, even Dongfang Yao couldn't help but feel uneasy.

Yet, Li Fan remained as calm as ever, his demeanor unshaken.

Dongfang Yao couldn't help but marvel at him.

The reason Li Fan remained so composed was not just because he understood Huangfu Song's character and knew that he was not a short-sighted person. More importantly…

To Huangfu Song and his companion, these were extremely "precious" resources.

But in Li Fan's eyes, they were nothing worth mentioning.

Another half-day passed, and by the time night had fallen, Huangfu Song finally returned, quietly slipping back into the room.

"Brother Li, since you have been so honest, I will take a leap of faith as well."

"My brothers, take a look at this…"

After sealing the door, Huangfu Song set up an formation to prevent eavesdropping.

Then, with a solemn expression, he took out an ancient, square-shaped mirror from his robes and placed it in front of them.

"What in the world is this?" Dongfang Yao was completely puzzled.

Li Fan, however, was visibly shaken, his eyes locked onto the mirror in Huangfu Song’s hands.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 696


Mirrors of the world, countless and numerous.

However, the only one that could make Li Fan take it so seriously was [Tianxuan].

Although the square mirror in Huangfu Song’s hands was not exactly the same as the Tianxuan Mirror he had seen before, the familiar aura emanating from it made Li Fan almost certain that it was undoubtedly connected to the Tianxuan Mirror in some way.

Sure enough, Huangfu Song whispered nervously, “Brother Dongfang, be careful with your words. This little mirror may look unremarkable, but it is a great creation born from the collective efforts of almost all the top formation masters of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.”

“The Heaven-Measuring Mirror.”

Li Fan’s eyes flickered, but Dongfang Yao was still completely lost.

Impatiently, he said, “Stop acting so mysterious. If you have something to say, just say it clearly.”

Huangfu Song didn’t take offense. He gently stroked the Heaven-Measuring Mirror and sighed, “Even if I explained it in detail, you wouldn’t understand. Just know that this artifact is forged using a formation core and refined from the Qingxuan Mirror as the primary material, making it an invaluable treasure.”

“It can be considered a portable fragment of the Tianxuan Mirror. The most crucial part is that the user has almost complete control over it.”

Upon hearing this, Dongfang Yao's eyes widened. “A fragment of the Tianxuan Mirror? Such a treasure—quick, let me have a look!”Saying this, he immediately reached out to grab the Heaven-Measuring Mirror from Huangfu Song’s hand.

However, something unexpected happened. His hands clearly touched the square mirror, yet they passed right through as if grabbing at air, like trying to scoop water with a bamboo basket—completely futile.

“A fake?” Dongfang Yao was stunned on the spot.

“Haha.” Huangfu Song smugly tossed the Heaven-Measuring Mirror in his hand. “Such a treasure can only be wielded by those who are worthy. Without the Immortal Alliance’s authorization, even if an ordinary cultivator were lucky enough to obtain it, they wouldn’t be able to touch it at all.”

At this moment, Li Fan, who had been silently observing, finally spoke, “For Brother Huangfu to be able to borrow such a priceless treasure, you must have paid a significant price.”

“However, how exactly does this Heaven-Measuring Mirror help us in exploring the White Mist?” Li Fan frowned as he asked.

Huangfu Song stopped keeping them in suspense and explained, “As its name suggests, the Heaven-Measuring Mirror is capable of measuring the heavens and the earth. In the vast White Mist, even a cultivator’s divine sense cannot penetrate far, forcing us to explore blindly, relying purely on luck. But with this mirror…”

Huangfu Song smiled and continued, “Within a hundred-zhang radius, everything will be revealed in intricate detail. Even with the obstruction of the White Mist, nothing will be hidden.”

“Unfortunately, I exhausted years of accumulated merit just to borrow this single low-grade Heaven-Measuring Mirror from Dean Ji. If it were a higher-grade version, it could scan everything within ten thousand li in an instant.” He sighed regretfully.

“A hundred-zhang radius is already extraordinary. With such a powerful tool, our exploration of the White Mist will be twice as effective with half the effort.” Li Fan couldn’t help but praise.

Huangfu Song added, “Since the Heaven-Measuring Mirror and the Tianxuan Mirror share the same origin, any discoveries it records are immediately reported rather than being stored and tallied upon our return.”

“Is that so?!” Dongfang Yao exclaimed in delight. “I was worried we’d have to constantly go back to report our findings. Now, we can just charge straight into the White Mist without concern!”

“Haha, unlike you two, I have no wealth or power—I’m just a penniless man who can only rely on brute force.”

Dongfang Yao patted his chest and promised, “If there’s any fighting to do, leave it to me. You guys can just sit back and watch the show.”

Li Fan shook his head. “Brother Dongfang, you jest. If not for you, how would I have had the fortune to meet Brother Huangfu? The fact that I can get ahead of other cultivators in exploring the White Mist—half the credit belongs to you!”

A few words made a bright expression appear on Dongfang Yao’s face.

The three of them discussed briefly and, feeling that everything was well-prepared, immediately decided to set off.

"In ordinary white mist zones, at most, you’ll earn some contribution points as a reward. If we want to obtain truly generous rewards, we need to seek out unknown Maze Zones. Even though we have the Heaven-Measuring Mirror to lead the way, the white mist regions are vast, making it no different from searching for a needle in a haystack. However, I once heard from Dean Ji that Maze Zones are drawn to each other and tend to merge. So, around known Maze Zones, there’s a high chance of discovering new ones. As it happens, I know of a Maze Zone within the white mist barrier of Tianyu Prefecture called [Wandering Living Words]. Why don’t we try our luck there?" Huangfu Song suggested.

"Wandering Living Words? What kind of bizarre place is that?" Dongfang Yao scratched his head, asking curiously.

"It is said that, among the explored Maze Zones, its danger level ranks relatively low. However, the words inside cannot be fixed in place by any means—they float in the sky like living creatures. The scenery is rather peculiar," Huangfu Song briefly explained.

Li Fan nodded in agreement. Dongfang Yao had no objections either.

Thus, the three of them controlled the Samantabhadra True Boat, following Huangfu Song’s guidance as they charged into the white mist barrier.

As soon as they entered the boundless white mist, Huangfu Song tossed the Heaven-Measuring Mirror above his head.

A soft cyan glow spread from the mirror, radiating outward and forming a circular area with a hundred-zhang radius around the Samantabhadra True Boat.

Under the cyan light’s protection, Li Fan squinted slightly. After a careful check, he found that his body showed no abnormalities, allowing him to relax slightly.

"Bad luck. Someone's already beaten us here," Huangfu Song muttered, shaking his head.

"It’s only natural to be a step behind since we’ve just entered the white mist barrier," Li Fan remarked. However, his real focus was on the large map that had suddenly appeared in his mind.

Most of the map was a vast, blank expanse of white. However, small dots and thin lines had begun to appear, slowly spreading.

Zooming in, he saw a black dot marking his own location.

The surroundings were a mix of deep blue and black, standing in stark contrast to the boundless white of the outer regions.

"So, while the explored areas are marked, their specific contents remain unknown?"

Li Fan was not surprised by this.

The Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance had launched the White Mist Exploration Project for a clear purpose. The environmental data within the white mist was highly classified—there was no way they would let the pathfinding cultivators gain access to such critical information.

Huangfu Song controlled the Samantabhadra True Boat, navigating around the deep blue-black regions marked on the map as they advanced toward the Wandering Living Words Maze Zone. They traveled while accumulating contribution points along the way.

The vast white mist stretched endlessly, much like a boundless ocean.

Along their journey, aside from the white mist itself, there was nothing else in sight.

Li Fan checked his contribution points through the Heaven-Measuring Mirror, but the accumulation was painfully slow.

After three or four days, he had barely gained just over two hundred points.

"For ordinary cultivators, this rate of earning isn’t considered slow. But for me, it’s practically useless."

"No wonder Shuo Feng didn’t bother with it."

Aside from contribution points, there was another type of currency called [Qingxuan Points], which could be used to exchange for special resources.

However, since Li Fan’s current balance of Qingxuan Points was still zero, he couldn’t view the specific exchange list yet.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 697


"Exploring the ordinary white mist regions grants contribution points, so exploring the Maze Zone should reward these Qingxuan Points instead."

Li Fan's gaze inadvertently swept over the Heaven-Measuring Mirror suspended above the Samantabhadra True Boat, emitting a brilliant azure light that illuminated a hundred-foot radius.

"The Xuantian Formation as the core, and the Qingxuan Mirror as the foundation..."

Li Fan had heard Zhang Zhiliang mention the Qingxuan Mirror in his previous life.

It was one of the secondary derivatives of the Tianxuan Mirror, storing all the knowledge and information that existed within the main body before it separated.

A vast repository of knowledge—essentially an offline version of the Xuanhuang Realm's Encyclopedia.

As for the core formation...

In this life, after the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance excavated the Xuantian Dharma King, who had been slumbering in the Purple Heaven Sect, the formation centered around the Tianxuan Mirror had undergone drastic changes.

It had evolved from "Tianxuan Spirit Locking" into "Xuantian Spirit Sealing"— A far more aggressive version.

More importantly, the sequence of the characters "Xuan" and "Tian" seemed to imply that the Xuantian Spirit-Sealing Formation was now within the control of cultivators.Whether it was the small mirror that Immortal Lord Hongxi summoned against Crimson Flame, or the Heaven-Measuring Mirror, which functioned independently while still possessing part of the Tianxuan Mirror’s power—both served as proof of this transformation.

"Speaking of which... I wonder if the [Dissociation Disc], which was the biggest highlight of the previous life's 'Tianxuan Spirit Locking Formation' construction competition, will appear in the Qingxuan Points exchange list this time."

As a secondary derivative of the Tianxuan Mirror, it was naturally inferior to the main body, but it still ranked as one of the top-tier artifacts in the Xuanhuang Realm.

From what Li Fan knew:

The Qingxuan Mirror recorded all things in existence.

The Dissociation Disc had unparalleled computational power and was unmatched in breaking formations.

The Calamity Destruction Stone Disk could even shield perceptions from the Mysterious Net and create loopholes...

"If I can obtain one of these secondary artifacts in this life, then when I reach the stage of selecting a preservation option, it would absolutely be the top choice."

"After all, even if I return to the Golden Core stage, achieving Nascent Soul would merely be repeating a familiar process."

As Li Fan was lost in thought, a sudden whispering voice brushed past his ears, pulling him back to reality.

He abruptly turned his head, scanning his surroundings.

Within the white mist, there was absolute silence. The sudden emergence of these mysterious whispers was particularly eerie and conspicuous.

Narrowing his eyes, Li Fan tried to pinpoint the source of the sound.

But the whispering drifted unpredictably—now to the left, now to the right, sometimes in front, sometimes behind, and at times, it even seemed to come from directly beside his ear.

A chill ran down his spine.

His unusual reaction quickly caught the attention of Huangfu Song.

"Brother Li, what's wrong?" he asked with concern.

Even Dongfang Yao, who had been lethargic, suddenly perked up and looked over inquisitively.

"Did you two hear anything?" Li Fan asked, his expression serious.

"Hmm? Sound? But it’s completely silent in this white mist..." Dongfang Yao and Huangfu Song exchanged puzzled glances.

Waving his hand to cut off further questioning, Li Fan leapt to the bow of the Samantabhadra True Boat, focusing his mind and carefully listening to the whispers in the mist.

The flying boat advanced continuously.

Only after an entire incense stick's time had passed did the whispers finally fade from his ears.

"Strange."

Li Fan connected his consciousness to the Heaven-Measuring Mirror, checking his current location.

He had already left the previously explored vast expanse of dark-blue mist, now carving a thin passage through the endless white mist.

Then, a sudden thought flashed through his mind.

"Turn around. Head back."

Li Fan ordered Huangfu Song in a deep voice.

Huangfu Song hesitated briefly but, seeing Li Fan's serious expression, immediately complied.

Following their original path back—

It didn’t take long before the whispers, which had vanished, returned to Li Fan’s ears.

"Fly in this direction."

Standing at the bow, Li Fan carefully identified the source of the whispers, guiding Huangfu Song in adjusting their course.

As the Samantabhadra True Boat changed direction, the murmuring whispers grew increasingly louder and clearer.

Until finally—

When they crossed a certain threshold, Li Fan could distinctly make out the words within the whispers:

"Tian..."

"Yi..."

A tremendous sense of oppression surged into his heart in an instant. However, since he had already anticipated it, he wasn’t frightened by the content of the whispering voice.

“It seems that the ‘Heavenly Doctor’ voice I heard in my past life while heading toward the Chizha Abyss wasn’t merely an auditory hallucination caused by my deepest fears.”

“It truly exists.”

Li Fan suddenly came to a realization.

The Samantabhadra True Boat continued flying forward under Li Fan’s guidance.

The surroundings remained a vast expanse of white, seemingly unchanged.

However, Li Fan keenly noticed that, in an instant, the trio on the ship had their Qingxuan Points increase from zero to one hundred.

And as the Samantabhadra True Boat continued its relentless exploration, the number kept rising rapidly.

“Slow down. We have most likely entered a Maze Zone,” Li Fan cautioned in a low voice.

Huangfu Song was momentarily stunned. After checking the Heaven-Measuring Mirror, he couldn’t help but rejoice.

“Brother Li, how did you know there was a Maze Zone here? Was it because of the voices you mentioned earlier?” he asked hurriedly, staring at Li Fan.

“That’s right. But what’s strange is that upon entering this place, those eerie voices suddenly disappeared,” Li Fan nodded in response while extending his divine sense to explore the surroundings.

“This is a huge find! This must be an unexplored, unknown Maze Zone. Our Qingxuan Points are skyrocketing!” Huangfu Song said gleefully.

Dongfang Yao, however, cautioned, “We should still be careful. I have a bad feeling about this place... it’s unnervingly eerie.”

As they continued flying forward, the Devouring Essence White Mist gradually thinned.

Eventually, it dissipated completely, revealing the true face of the Maze Zone.

Upon seeing the scene before them, even the well-traveled and knowledgeable Huangfu and Dongfang stood frozen in place, their hands and feet ice-cold.

Li Fan took a deep breath, suppressing the shock in his heart.

What lay before them was an endless black ocean of deathly silence. The surface was utterly still, devoid of any waves, with only countless ice-crystal cubes floating upon it.

Inside each cube, a cultivator’s corpse was frozen.

Through the ice crystals, one could vaguely make out their final expressions before death.

Rage, fear, confusion...

Lifelike, as if they were still alive.

A sea of densely packed ice coffins filled the entire field of vision, stretching endlessly across the black ocean.

It was impossible to estimate how many there were.

It was as if the entire world’s cultivators had been entombed in ice here.

The overwhelming visual impact plunged the Samantabhadra True Boat into an eerie silence.

After a long while, Huangfu Song swallowed hard and whispered, “How about… we just leave?”

Clearly, even the usually greedy Huangfu Song was shaken by the utterly bizarre sight before him.

....

Translator’s Note:

Hey everyone! Starting from here, "Tian Yi" and "Heavenly Doctor" will be used interchangeably. They refer to the same thing, so whenever you see either term, just know they’re identical. It might take a few chapters for me to settle on one consistent translation, so bear with me! In the meantime, what do you all prefer—"Tian Yi" or "Heavenly Doctor"? Let me know your thoughts!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 698


"I'm afraid that even if we want to leave, we won’t be able to for the time being," Li Fan reminded in a cold voice.

At this moment, Huangfu Song suddenly remembered that once they entered the Maze Zone, the only way to leave was by finding and passing through specific locations.

Otherwise, despite being seemingly within reach, they would remain forever separated, unable to cross even the shortest distance.

In an instant, a drop of cold sweat trickled down his forehead.

"This..."

Dongfang Yao, having a bit more courage, patted Huangfu Song’s shoulder and comforted him: "Relax, Brother Huangfu. This place may seem eerie, but after all, it's just a bunch of dead people. There shouldn’t be any danger."

"If you’re really scared, just hide behind me. I’ll take the lead," he promised, patting his chest confidently.

Huangfu Song nodded repeatedly. "I’ll leave it to you then. But be careful, this place..."

After hesitating for a moment, he lowered his voice and said, "I don't sense even a trace of death aura. These cultivators… they might still be alive."

Hearing those words, Dongfang Yao's body trembled instantly."Brother Huangfu, it's fine if you don’t want to help, but don’t say such things recklessly." Dongfang Yao scanned the countless ice coffins floating on the dark sea, his face turning grim.

"There's no need to scare ourselves. Since we’re here, let’s stay calm and first figure out the situation," Li Fan, who appeared much calmer than the others, spoke decisively. Unlike them, he possessed a rare treasure that could allow him to escape at any moment, giving him a sense of security.

At his command, the three of them put away the Samantabhadra True Boat, formed a protective battle formation, and activated defensive arrays around them. They also donned all their prepared defensive artifacts before cautiously gliding over the sea.

The Heaven-Measuring Mirror flickered with blue light, collecting and recording data from the areas they passed through.

They dared not get too close to the frozen cultivators floating on the sea but observed them carefully from a distance.

"Judging by their attire, they should be cultivators from the Ancient World of Immortal Cultivation. However, I can't sense any aura from them, making it impossible to determine their cultivation levels."

"Strange. They don’t seem alive, but they also don’t entirely resemble the dead."

"I wonder what they saw before they were frozen. Their expressions are utterly twisted in terror."

"And who did this? To instantly freeze so many cultivators at once… their cultivation level must be…"

The three of them continuously exchanged thoughts through divine sense but refrained from making reckless moves, such as attempting to break the ice coffins below.

Indeed, the countless ancient cultivators must have carried valuable treasures, pills, and even cultivation techniques. However, none of them dared to guarantee that shattering the ice would not trigger an unknown disaster.

Besides, with the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's reward system, as long as they could return safely, they would already be gaining substantial benefits.

Compared to the lucrative rewards from the alliance, the ancient cultivators’ belongings seemed much less tempting.

In the deathly silent Black Sea, even time itself seemed frozen. There was no cycle of sunrise and sunset—only an eternally dim, gray sky.

The Heaven-Measuring Mirror also appeared to have lost connection with the Tianxuan Mirror, and their rapidly increasing reward points were recorded only in the ancient square mirror, without synchronizing with the main system.

Huangfu Song and his companions knew that if they could not make it out alive, all the Qingxuan Points would be nothing more than a meaningless set of numbers, completely useless. However, if they managed to complete the exploration and escape successfully, even if they gained nothing else in future endeavors, what they had obtained here alone would already be enough.

Thus, they proceeded with extreme caution.

According to their perception, they had been flying for dozens of days, yet they still had not reached the end of this black sea.

Everywhere they looked, all they saw were frozen corpses.

Even Dongfang Yao realized something was wrong.

“Are we going in circles?”

Huangfu Song nodded in agreement. “It does seem that way. Although we appear to be moving in a straight line, it’s evident that some kind of force here is distorting our perception. Otherwise, based on the number of corpses we’ve encountered, we’ve already seen tens of billions of them. Even if every cultivator from the ancient cultivation world were buried here, it still wouldn’t add up to such a number.”

Li Fan remained silent.

He was comparing and reorganizing the images recorded in the Dao Deviation Stone within his mind.

A blue light flickered, as if his thoughts were operating at their peak.

Soon after, Li Fan discovered a chilling truth.

In reality, so far, none of the frozen cultivators they encountered had actually repeated.

Or rather, even if a few similar-looking ones had been overlooked, the vast majority of the cultivators they saw in this desolate black sea were indeed unique individuals.

“There are exactly 2,679,800,000 cultivators lying dormant here.”

“And that’s just what I’ve seen so far.”

Li Fan couldn’t help but gaze into the distance. The endless sea of black was filled with floating ice coffins, stretching far beyond what the eye could see.

“What in the world…”

The eerie nature of this place had far exceeded his imagination.

“We can’t keep going like this. We need to find a way out, fast,” Huangfu Song said, but then he suddenly coughed lightly.

Li Fan and Dongfang Yao were momentarily stunned. They exchanged glances, their expressions shifting slightly.

“Huangfu, are you alright?” Dongfang Yao quickly flew to his side, grabbing his shoulder to check his condition.

A moment passed.

“That’s strange… there’s nothing wrong. But why did you just cough?” Dongfang Yao’s expression was grave.

Huangfu Song also sensed that something was off. After closing his eyes and carefully examining his condition, his face darkened. “I feel… weaker. It’s as if my vitality is slowly draining away…”

He looked down at the deathly still black sea. “This ocean… it seems to be siphoning our life force.”

“So that’s what’s happening. My physique is a bit stronger than yours, so I haven’t felt anything—yet.” Dongfang Yao paused mid-sentence.

He turned to Li Fan. “But, Brother Li Fan… why do you…”

Huangfu Song narrowed his eyes as well.

After all, it was Li Fan who had led them to this eerie maze. Huangfu Song knew of Dongfang Yao’s unique constitution.

Yet, Li Fan, who outwardly only had the cultivation of a Nascent Soul cultivator, was exhibiting more vitality than even Huangfu Song, who was at the Soul Transformation stage. He seemed to be withstanding the sea’s effects far better…

It was impossible for Huangfu Song not to be suspicious.

Li Fan understood this perfectly. He smiled faintly and shook his head. “Brothers, there is no need for doubt. Perhaps it is because my personal cave-heaven domain follows the Dao of Wood, allowing me to possess a stronger life force.”

“In times like this, we must stand united. The last thing we should allow is distrust among ourselves.”

“Huangfu, take the Longevity Pill I gave you. It might help.”

Seeing how calm and open Li Fan was, Huangfu Song temporarily suppressed his suspicions. He took out the jade bottle, swallowed the Longevity Pill, and immediately felt his complexion improve.

“It really works. Brother Li, thank you!” Huangfu Song said with some guilt.

“No need,” Li Fan waved his hand, as if he didn’t mind at all.

“As for getting out of here… Brother Huangfu, do you have any ideas?” he asked.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 699


The medicinal power of the Longevity Pill was slowly being absorbed, and Huangfu Song's complexion gradually returned to normal.

He surveyed the densely packed frozen coffins around him, pondered for a moment, and then said, “Although these ice crystals appear to be randomly arranged—merely stacked without any discernible pattern—based on my years of experience with formations, this place might…”

As he spoke, he took out a formation-breaking jade disk and projected a light screen before everyone, beginning his calculations on the spot.

On the light screen, the countless ice coffins they had seen before transformed into black dots, each precisely positioned and recorded. As the perspective of the display continued to rise, the number and speed of these black dots increased rapidly.

Faintly, one could discern that these ice coffins were not simply crammed together but were indeed bound by some force, arranged according to an unknown pattern.

“We still cannot grasp the full picture. Perhaps only after thoroughly exploring this place will we uncover the formation that enshrouds this maze.” Huangfu Song scrutinized the light screen for a long time before shaking his head in regret.

“Then let’s not waste time—let’s move out. Who knows what other eerie things we might encounter if we linger here too long?” Dongfang Yao urged. The three of them continued their exploration of the remaining unknown areas.

After an indeterminate period of time…

“Stop! Stop!” Suddenly, Dongfang Yao raised his hand, blocking their path forward.

“What is it, Brother Dongfang?” Li Fan scanned the surroundings but did not notice anything amiss.Dongfang Yao’s expression was uncertain as if he were listening carefully to something.

Moments later, his gaze locked onto the depths of the black, deathly still sea.

“There seems to be something alive down there… something like…”

“A kind of demonic beast?” Dongfang Yao was unsure.

Huangfu Song’s expression turned grim upon hearing this. “Impossible. This seawater is composed entirely of deathly energy. Forget ordinary demonic beasts—even if a cultivator were to fall in and become tainted by this death energy, they wouldn’t last long.”

Li Fan also gazed at the eerily calm black sea, deep in thought. “When death reaches its peak, life is reborn…”

“I trust Brother Dongfang’s judgment,” he continued. “If there truly is a creature living in this Dead Sea for so long, it might hold the key to our escape. Brother Dongfang, since you can communicate with beasts, why not try speaking with it?”

Dongfang Yao hesitated but eventually nodded. He let out a strange, rhythmic sound—rising and falling as if an ancient beast itself was roaring.

Before long, the once motionless sea surface suddenly rippled.

“There really is something alive?!” Huangfu Song’s face showed shock.

Dongfang Yao, however, cursed under his breath. “Damn it, that thing didn’t understand me—it got scared and ran away!”

“No matter, we’ll just follow it. Brother Dongfang, lead the way!” Li Fan instructed in a deep voice.

Dongfang Yao immediately snapped to attention, quickly discerning the creature’s movement beneath the black sea before flying off in pursuit.

Li Fan and Huangfu Song followed closely behind.

The unknown creature wasn’t particularly fast, and the three of them trailed it without much difficulty.

During the chase, Li Fan could almost tell with the naked eye that the number of ice coffins around them was gradually decreasing.

"Right here, it suddenly disappeared!"

Abruptly, Dongfang Yao halted his movement and turned back to look at Li Fan and the others.

Li Fan ascended a certain distance, gazing into the distance.

Countless ice coffins, appearing as mere dots, formed intricate lines resembling a black dragon stretching endlessly from the horizon.

From all directions, they converged at this location.

These lines were like the veins of the land, channeling and gathering the deathly aura of the maze zone into this very spot.

The density of the aura had reached an extreme level, faintly undergoing a qualitative transformation.

Huangfu Song also flew over to Li Fan’s side. After carefully observing the surroundings, he noticed something peculiar.

"This place... it seems to be the core formation node of the grand formation enveloping this maze-like zone." His expression turned grave.

"A formation node? Doesn't that mean we can escape from here?" Dongfang Yao exclaimed in delight.

However, Huangfu Song shook his head. "Without understanding the full structure of the formation, we cannot jump to conclusions. It could lead us out of this trap... or it could..."

"Trigger the formation’s self-defense mechanism," Li Fan continued, picking up on Huangfu Song's train of thought. "The scale of this formation is almost unheard of, and it seems to be vaguely tied to the Dao of Life and Death—exceedingly eerie. Even a Dao Integration powerhouse may not survive if the formation launches a full-scale attack."

Huangfu Song scrutinized Li Fan, a trace of surprise flashing in his eyes. "Brother Li, you are well-versed in formations?"

"Just a little," Li Fan nodded slightly, acknowledging it.

"Then what do we do now? Are we just going to stand here wasting time? I can feel the deathly aura affecting me—my vitality is constantly depleting. I’m even starting to feel sore all over," Dongfang Yao grumbled. After hesitating for a moment, he finally took out a Longevity Pill and swallowed it.

"Damn it, that feels much better!" He absorbed the medicinal energy far faster than Huangfu Song, regaining his vigor almost instantly.

"We must fully comprehend the formation first," Li Fan and Huangfu Song exchanged glances and reached a silent consensus.

"We need to hurry." Huangfu Song coughed lightly as he spoke. His expression darkened, and with no other choice, he took another Longevity Pill to slow down the loss of his vitality.

Having found no immediate threats in the maze aside from the constant erosion of their life force, and with their supply of Longevity Pills running low, the three of them abandoned caution and flew forward at full speed.

Finally, after Huangfu Song consumed his last pill, they completed the full mapping of the grand formation.

"A stroke of genius… A masterpiece…"

Huangfu Song stared at the projection on the formation-breaking jade disc, muttering to himself in awe.

Even Li Fan couldn’t help but be captivated by the sheer intricacy of this unknown grand formation.

Under normal circumstances, given their level of mastery over formations, both Huangfu Song and Li Fan would have been able to deduce the formation’s basic function and infer its remaining structure without needing to see it in its entirety.

However…

Before this unparalleled formation—constructed using the frozen bodies of billions of cultivators as its foundation—their accumulated knowledge and experience were rendered utterly useless.

Before witnessing the formation in its entirety, it was like glimpsing only a fragment of a divine dragon shrouded in misty mountains, its form obscured and indiscernible. Without prior knowledge of its existence, one would never realize what they were looking at.

Until the final piece of the formation was revealed before their eyes.

That last sequence of formations instantly linked everything they had seen together—like the finishing touch on a dragon painting, bringing the entire formation to life in all its divine completeness.

This formation was beyond words, truly indescribable.

It seemed to contain the mysteries of heaven and earth, defying even the laws of life and death.

Before the formation’s sketched blueprint, both Li Fan and Huangfu Song stood in stunned silence, unable to speak.

Could they escape through the formation node?

They had no answer.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 700


The intricacy of this formation was so profound that it was almost on par with the Tianxuan Spirit-Locking Formation that Li Fan had studied in his previous life.

Even with the considerable expertise in formations that he and Huangfu Song possessed, it took them a long time—engaging in thorough discussion—before they could barely comprehend its structure.

Of course, they only understood it in theory.

As for how the formation actually operated, or how it converted deathly energy into vitality, it was beyond their current scope of understanding.

"Reversing the principles of life and death..."

"Could this formation be related to the cause of Blue Feather’s Dao-seeking failure, or to the cultivator who walked out of the white mist, lingering between life and death?" Li Fan's heart trembled with shock.

Meanwhile, Huangfu Song murmured to himself, "When one dies, both body and Dao should perish—how could there be a principle that allows one to return from death? Unbelievable... utterly inconceivable..."

Watching his two companions lost in deep thought, seemingly entranced for an extended period, Dongfang Yao—who had no understanding of formations—became both frustrated and anxious.

Finally, he couldn’t hold back anymore and let out an angry shout, snapping them out of their trance.

"You two have been studying this for so long—do you have any conclusions or not?" He frowned and asked.Huangfu Song shook his head decisively and answered, "In my opinion, the formation here, even if the head of our Formation Hall, Chief Lu, came personally, might not be able to set it up. Such a grand and massive formation, yet it remains unknown to the world, quietly hidden within the White Mist Maze Zone..."

A trace of fear flashed across his face. "It seems we have unknowingly stepped into a place arranged by a great being who is in the process of proving the Dao of Eternal Life."

"The Maze Zone within the White Fog is vast, yet we just happened to encounter one that contains this formation. I really don’t know whether to call it fortune or misfortune." Huangfu Song sighed bitterly.

"Perhaps, this isn’t just a mere coincidence." Li Fan suddenly spoke. "What if this formation isn’t limited to just this one zone?"

Huangfu Song was stunned for a moment, then his expression changed drastically, falling into a fearful silence.

However, Li Fan had more thoughts that he didn’t voice out.

He had been led here by a faint murmuring voice—one that sounded suspiciously like 'Heavenly Doctor'.

This zone contained a grand formation capable of reversing life and death. In his previous life, a cultivator had indeed succeeded in doing just that—and ultimately ascended to become the new Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign.

When linking these facts together, it seemed only natural to infer that it was the Heavenly Doctor who had orchestrated all of this from the shadows.

It was he who would soon ascend to become the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign.

And yet…

Li Fan still had some lingering doubts.

Logically speaking, if this formation within the Maze Zone was the key to the Heavenly Doctor proving the Dao of Eternal Life, such a crucial place should not allow any margin for error.

Then why was it so easy for Li Fan and his companions to stumble into it?

"This place has absolutely no defensive measures at all…"

"Is it a trap? Or does the owner of this place simply not care? Or perhaps… he is so confident that even if someone enters by accident, they would still be incapable of affecting the foundation of this formation?"

Li Fan suddenly recalled the small wooden hut on the peak of Jieli Mountain in the Great Xuan World.

That had been his place of seclusion, where he rested and cultivated while waiting for [Truth] to fully recharge. Like this Maze Zone, he had left it unguarded.

He had only set up a minor illusionary barrier around Jieli Mountain to prevent mortals from wandering in by mistake.

Because, in his eyes, there was simply no need for further precautions.

"Do I see mortals the way that 'he' sees cultivators?"

"Is 'he' the Heavenly Doctor?"

Li Fan wasn’t certain.

But when he asked himself honestly—if his own ascension were at stake, he would take extra precautions, just to be safe.

"Yet 'he' has deliberately chosen not to…"

Just as Li Fan was deep in contemplation, Dongfang Yao suddenly said something that unintentionally enlightened him.

"Brother Huangfu, I think you're mistaken. Even though I don’t understand the intricacies of this formation, you mentioned it can reverse life and death. In that case, wouldn’t the one who set it up be even more capable of doing so?"

"After all, if one doesn’t understand the principle, how could they construct such a formation? The ability to overturn life and death—this is already within the realm of the Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign, isn’t it? Then why have I never heard of this particular Heavenly Sovereign before?"

Li Fan suddenly realized, "That's it. Earlier, I thought the master of this place was using this formation to reverse the cycle of life and death. But it's also possible that they had already achieved that ability long ago. In that case… this place…"

Li Fan looked around.

"This isn’t a place for proving the Dao—it’s a testing ground after achieving enlightenment!"

His thoughts raced.

"After attaining eternal life, even the laws of heaven and earth would change accordingly. Logically speaking, with a mere thought, one could revive these frozen cultivators. And yet, they went through the trouble of setting up another formation…"

"What else were they researching? Achieving immortality wasn't enough—they sought to go even further?"

Li Fan’s gaze shifted toward the formation core of the life-and-death reversal formation he had discovered earlier.

"Perhaps the answer lies there."

With a solemn expression, he said, "This senior… has most likely already become a Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign. This place has been abandoned by them, which is why we were able to enter so easily. Leaving through the formation core should be safe. Let’s move quickly."

Without waiting for Huangfu and Dongfang to respond, Li Fan took the lead and flew toward the formation core.

Huangfu Song and Dongfang Yao were briefly stunned. But upon considering Li Fan’s reasoning, they found it logical and quickly followed.

Before long, they arrived at the center of the grand formation, where the deathly aura was most intense.

The strange beast from the dark sea of death had vanished right in this spot.

"Brother Li, should we reconsider?" Huangfu Song looked at the black seawater below, feeling uneasy.

Li Fan, however, was fixated on the 200% charge displayed on his [Truth]. Shaking his head, he said, "Hesitation in times of crisis only leads to disaster. We've already explored this place thoroughly—staying longer won’t change anything. Unless you plan to comprehend the entire life-and-death reversal formation and break through it yourself? Rather than waiting for death, it’s better to take the risk!"

With that, a dense surge of wood-attribute spiritual energy surrounded his body.

"Stay close to me!" Li Fan shouted coldly before diving headfirst into the sea of death.

Seeing the situation unfold, Huangfu and Dongfang gritted their teeth and followed.

The moment they entered the seawater, an unimaginable deathly aura swept in from all directions—like countless wriggling worms gnawing at their vitality. The sensation was eerily similar to the life-draining white mist.

Having once personally experienced the complete depletion of his lifespan in that white mist, Li Fan was not unfamiliar with this feeling.

He remained calm, retrieving five Longevity Pills in one breath and tossing them into his mouth.

As the medicinal effects surged, he forced the longevity-infused green energy out of his body, forming a protective barrier against the corrosion of the deathly aura.

Pushing his escape technique to the limit, he rapidly descended into the pitch-black depths of the sea.

In just a few breaths, he was already nearing the seafloor.

Li Fan narrowed his eyes slightly, sensing the presence of a small vortex ahead.

Within the vortex, a faint trace of life flickered.

"That’s it!"

Focusing his mind, Li Fan transformed into a streak of radiant light and plunged into the vortex.

In the next moment…

After a brief moment of dizziness, light suddenly filled his vision.

A gentle sea breeze, the salty and humid air, the occasional cries of seabirds…

As Li Fan adjusted to his surroundings, he found himself above a vast, azure ocean.

Brimming with vitality.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 701


"Finally, we made it out!"

The relieved voices of Huangfu Song and Dongfang Yao echoed in Li Fan's ears.

Li Fan turned to look at them and realized they were in a much worse state than he was.

In just a short time, they had visibly aged. Strands of white hair had appeared in their tied-up hair, and wrinkles had formed on their faces.

"If it weren’t for you, Brother Li, charging ahead and drawing in most of the deadly aura, Huangfu and I would have likely perished here!" Dongfang Yao said with lingering fear.

Huangfu Song nodded in agreement.

"You two should take some more Longevity Pills first. I still have a few left," Li Fan said, his expression showing both pain at the loss and decisiveness. He took out a jade bottle, turned it over, and poured out the last three pills.

"I should have bought more back then," Li Fan sighed, dividing the pills and handing two to Huangfu and Dongfang.

Seeing this, the two men couldn’t help but feel touched.

"I knew I wasn’t wrong about you! Brother Li, you are truly righteous!" Dongfang Yao said emotionally as he solemnly swallowed the last Longevity Pill. "At the brink of life and death, you never abandoned us. People like you are rare in the Xuanhuang Realm!""Traveling with Brother Li this time has truly been our great fortune," Huangfu Song said as he refined the pill's medicinal power, dispelling the negative effects of the deadly aura before echoing his agreement.

"By the way, Brother Li, where did you obtain these Longevity Pills? Their effects are extraordinary! I have taken six in a row, yet I can still feel the immense life force within them. I have never heard of such a divine medicine before," he asked after a brief pause, shifting the topic.

"To be honest, I bought them from a cultivator I met by chance in Tianyu City. He boasted about how powerful these pills were, but I was skeptical at the time, so I didn't stock up. In my haste, I even forgot to get his contact information," Li Fan shook his head regretfully.

Upon hearing this, Huangfu Song's expression turned disappointed. "What a pity! A divine medicine like this will definitely cause a frenzy among the cultivators in the Immortal Alliance once the official decree is issued. If only we could have prepared some in advance…"

"For now, let's focus on finding a way out. We've only escaped from the Sea of Death; we still haven't left this Maze," Dongfang Yao interrupted Huangfu Song's wishful thinking rather bluntly.

With this, the three of them took a closer look at their surroundings.

Before them was a vast, azure ocean—completely different from the pitch-black Sea of Dead they had just escaped.

Not only was it different, but it was the exact opposite.

One side was filled with dense death energy that even Soul Transformation cultivators couldn’t easily resist or dispel. Meanwhile, this side, though not overwhelmingly filled with life energy, was like the morning sun, the vigor of youth, and the revival of spring.

Life flourished.

It was like a newly born world, brimming with vitality.

Even the three of them, upon entering, felt as though both their bodies and minds had become more "youthful."

"What do you think, Brother Li?" Dongfang Yao asked.

Li Fan remained silent in contemplation.

Huangfu Song then shared his theory: "This Sea of Life might be the counterpart of the Sea of Death, both part of this maze—two sides of the same coin."

"Which means that somewhere in this place, there must also be a formation core. Since life and death are opposites, the cores must be located in different places within their respective realms. If we find the core of the Sea of Life and pass through it, we might be able to escape this maze."

Dongfang Yao scratched his head. "Why wouldn't it just lead us back to the Sea of Death?"

Li Fan smiled and answered on Huangfu Song’s behalf. "Because this maze formation is the ‘Grand Reversal of Life and Death Formation.’ Furthermore, considering how dense the death aura was in the Sea of Death, if there had been a place as full of life force as this one connected to it, it would have stood out like ink dropped into water. Yet we searched the entire Sea of Death and didn’t find even the slightest trace of life force. This suggests that the exit of this Sea of Life isn’t over there."

"Brother Li, your thoughts align perfectly with mine!" Huangfu Song praised.

"Alright, since you both agree, let's hurry and find this so-called formation core," Dongfang Yao said, conceding to the majority.

At first glance, this Sea of Life seemed like an ordinary ocean. Other than the abundance of marine creatures, there were no apparent anomalies.

Their journey was smooth, encountering no danger at all.

What surprised Huangfu Song was that their exploration here still counted toward the expansion of the unknown White Mist territory.

The rapidly increasing Qingxuan Points filled him with excitement. He couldn't help but exclaim that they had come to the right place, seemingly forgetting the life-or-death crisis they had just experienced.

Li Fan’s face also carried a hint of joy, but in truth, this was merely an act to blend in with the group.

His real focus was on a single question.

Was this Sea of Life actually the experiment of that Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereign who reversed life and death?

"Creating an entirely new world of vitality from a world of extinction?"

"Raising the concept of life and death from all beings to the level of an entire world… It is indeed a step further."

"Who exactly is this powerful figure?"

Li Fan felt that there might be other hidden secrets behind all of this, but at the moment, he was unable to fully grasp them.

"If my guess is correct, then the principle of [Reversing Life and Death] has already been claimed by someone. At this point in time, the Immortal Sage Blue Feather, who also seeks to attain Dao through this concept, has not yet faked his death and gone all in."

"Perhaps, there is an opportunity to profit from this."

"But dealing with a tiger is always dangerous—utmost caution is needed. For Blue Feather to have survived since the ancient cultivation era, he is definitely not an ordinary figure."

While Li Fan pondered in silence, the three of them thoroughly explored the Sea of Life.

In the end, they actually found the [Formation Core].

"Last time, Brother Li took the lead, so this time, let me go first." Feeling the faintly discernible miniature vortex ahead, Dongfang Yao patted his chest and volunteered.

Li Fan had no objections to this suggestion.

Huangfu Song also nodded in agreement, not competing with Dongfang Yao. Instead, he simply followed behind him.

Li Fan took up the rear, and one after another, the three of them plunged into the vortex.

The familiar white mist surged in from all directions. This terrifying existence, which could normally consume one's lifespan, now instead brought them a sense of joy.

"We finally made it out alive!"

"We earned over thirty thousand Qingxuan Points this time! I bet no one in the entire Immortal Alliance has more than us!"

Unable to contain his excitement, Huangfu Song immediately raised his Heaven-Measuring Mirror, eager to synchronize their recorded data with the Tianxuan Mirror.

However, in the very next moment, his expression drastically changed, and he let out a miserable cry.

"What’s going on? Why have our Qingxuan Points reset to zero?"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 702


Huangfu Song clutched the Heaven-Measuring Mirror tightly, as if he had seen a ghost, his eyes filled with utter disbelief.

Meanwhile, Dongfang Yao, who usually appeared open-minded and carefree, turned bloodshot the moment his divine sense connected to the Heaven-Measuring Mirror. He watched as the 30,000-plus Qingxuan Points they had risked their lives to earn instantly dropped to zero.

"Huangfu! Is this thing even reliable? How did it just swallow up all our hard-earned merit?" His veins bulged on his neck, and his face twisted with rage.

In contrast, Li Fan remained much calmer.

After checking the records, he confirmed that during the brief period when the Heaven-Measuring Mirror disconnected from the Xuanhuang Realm, all the Qingxuan Points they had accumulated from exploring the Life-and-Death Maze had indeed vanished without a trace.

"This only happened after we left the Maze and reconnected with the Tianxuan Mirror..." Li Fan pondered, summoning the Samantabhadra True Boat to pull Huangfu and Dongfang, who were still exposed to the Devouring Essence White Mist, into the cabin.

"Calm down, brothers. We should be thankful that we made it out alive. We can always earn more Qingxuan Points in the future," Li Fan reassured them while standing at the bow of the boat, gazing into the dense white mist not far away.

Beyond the thick, milky veil, something seemed to be changing quietly, beyond the limits of their sight.

"No! We can’t just let this slide. Either something went wrong with the Tianxuan Mirror, or someone stole our merit. I have to get an explanation!" Huangfu Song gritted his teeth.

"Damn it! They dare mess with me?! If I find out who took our Qingxuan Points..." Flames of fury burned in Dongfang Yao’s eyes, his chest rising and falling violently as he struggled to contain his rage.Seeing their determination, Li Fan no longer tried to dissuade them.

After such an incident, they had lost all interest in further exploration. Besides, they had already used up a significant amount of supplies, and embarking on another expedition wouldn’t be wise. Thus, they quickly returned to Tianyu City.

"Wait for my news. I'm going straight to Dean Ji!" As soon as they arrived, Huangfu Song couldn't wait any longer and rushed off to find Ji Hongdao.

Dongfang Yao, however, couldn't suppress his anger. Even after they entered the discussion hall’s private room, he didn’t sit down. Instead, he kept pacing back and forth, stretching his body as his joints crackled loudly.

Li Fan remained silent. He ordered a cup of spiritual tea, took a sip, and closed his eyes to wait.

Half a day later, Huangfu Song returned, looking completely dejected.

He collapsed onto the floor, his eyes empty.

"Huangfu, what did he say?" Dongfang Yao immediately sensed something was wrong but couldn't hold back his impatience.

"It... doesn’t exist... It doesn’t exist anymore..." Huangfu Song mumbled under his breath.

"What doesn’t exist?! Speak clearly, damn it!" Dongfang Yao roared.

"Dean Ji said... the Life-and-Death Maze we reported..." Huangfu Song stammered, his face pale. "That place doesn’t exist at all."

Dongfang Yao was stunned for a moment before his fury exploded. "How dare they lie in broad daylight?! We experienced it firsthand, and we have that damned mirror as proof!"

"I told Dean Ji the same thing. But..." Huangfu Song’s expression turned even more ghastly.

"He asked me to take him there again. But when I followed my memory back to the location... the Life-and-Death Maze was gone."

"What?" Dongfang Yao froze.

"There was only the Devouring Essence White Mist. No great Reversal Life-and-Death Formation, no Sea of Death and Life—everything we went through... it was as if it had all been an illusion," Huangfu Song murmured in confusion.

"Did we really experience all that? Or were we affected by some strange entity within the white mist, trapped in an illusion?" His expression was filled with doubt, as if even he couldn’t tell reality from deception anymore.

Dongfang Yao opened his mouth, wanting to say something, but in the end, he simply slumped beside Huangfu Song and grabbed a cup of spiritual tea, downing it in frustration.

"An illusion? Hmph..."

In Li Fan’s mind, the Dao Deviation Stone emitted a dazzling blue light, instantly reconstructing the image of the Reversal Life-and-Death Formation.

"What kind of illusion could create a formation like that?"

Li Fan was certain that the experiences he and his two companions had in the Life-and-Death Maze were entirely real.

However, for some reason, the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance officially refused to acknowledge the existence of such a place.

"It seems that the high-ranking officials of the Immortal Alliance, or perhaps the Tianxuan Mirror, are aware of the true identity of this Heaven-Defying Life-and-Death Sovereign. Moreover, they appear to have a deep connection with them. Since this being has no intention of revealing themselves to the world, the Immortal Alliance is actively covering their tracks."

Li Fan noticed that after they left the Life-and-Death Maze and the Heaven-Measuring Mirror established a connection with the Tianxuan Mirror, faint fluctuations emanated from the location of the Maze.

That was probably when the Maze was relocated elsewhere.

"Such a method..."

"Interesting."

Although more than thirty thousand Qingxuan Points had vanished without a trace, Li Fan was not as grief-stricken as Huangfu and Dongfang were.

"If my guess is correct, the compensation from the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance should already be on its way."

"After all, they need to turn a big issue into a small one, and a small one into nothing. Otherwise, if Huangfu Song and Dongfang Yao become enraged and start spreading the news, it will be difficult to contain the situation."

Having figured out the intricacies of the matter, Li Fan leisurely sipped his spiritual tea, patiently awaiting their visitor.

Sure enough, after a short while, a knocking sound came from outside the private room.

"Who is it?" Huangfu and Dongfang both showed a hint of vigilance in their eyes.

Before they could react, the door opened on its own. A black-robed cultivator, whose face was obscured, suddenly appeared before them.

"You..." Dongfang Yao’s expression changed drastically. His muscles tensed as he instantly entered a combat-ready state.

Just as he was about to strike, he suddenly froze, his heart pounding in shock.

Because at that moment, he saw the Heaven-Measuring Mirror automatically fly out of Huangfu Song’s robes and float before the black-robed cultivator.

The black-robed cultivator tapped lightly on the mirror and then spoke coldly:

"The currently explored regions within the White Mist Barrier are all stored in here."

"If you wish to explore more efficiently, head toward the unmapped areas."

"Remember—there are things you must never speak of. Otherwise, no one will be able to protect you."

"Take care of yourselves."

With a flick of his finger, a glowing orb flew toward Huangfu Song.

Then, the figure of the black-robed cultivator began to distort, gradually fading away until he vanished into thin air.

Huangfu Song and Dongfang Yao stood frozen, staring at the glowing orb before them.

After a long while, as if finally grasping the weight of the situation, cold sweat dripped from their foreheads, and their bodies trembled slightly.

Only after some time did they manage to collect themselves.

Exchanging a glance, they remained silent, as if tacitly agreeing never to speak of this again.

Probing the light with his spiritual sense, Huangfu Song's pale face lit up with a hint of joy.

"Talisman of Exemption!"

As he spoke, he retrieved three talismans radiating seven-colored light from within the orb.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 703


"With this thing, we can at least recover some of our losses," Huangfu Song let out a slight sigh of relief as he put away one of the Exemption Talismans. He then distributed the other two to Li Fan and Dongfang Yao.

"Just this worthless thing?" Dongfang Yao held the seven-colored talisman up to his eyes, scrutinizing it with disbelief.

"I’ve actually heard of this item before," Li Fan narrowed his eyes, recalling, "It seems that when the Immortal Alliance issues a compulsory mission, cultivators can use this Exemption Talisman to completely ignore the mission’s requirements."

"Exactly!" Huangfu Song nodded with satisfaction, his previous frustration dissipating.

"What’s the use of that?" Dongfang Yao muttered under his breath, still somewhat unconvinced.

Huangfu Song shot him a glare. "It might not seem useful in everyday situations, but at critical moments, it could literally save your life! For instance, if a war breaks out with the Five Elders Association and cultivators are drafted to the battlefield, others will have to pull every string they can find or resign themselves to fighting on the front lines. But with this Exemption Talisman, we can avoid such calamities altogether."

"In a way, this is like an imperial pardon of death!" Dongfang Yao suddenly realized the true value of the item and immediately stored it carefully.

"That’s right. And more importantly, this Exemption Talisman is unregistered. Any cultivator holding it is considered its rightful owner. If someone offers a high enough price, we could even trade it away." Huangfu Song added, "To prevent anyone from coveting it, you two should avoid carrying it on you at all times. Store it in the Tianxuan Mirror’s space instead."

Dongfang Yao nodded repeatedly in agreement.

Meanwhile, Li Fan was examining the map in the Heavenly-Measuring Mirror. "Although we’ve received these Exemption Talismans as compensation, our Qingxuan Points have dropped to zero—meaning all our previous efforts were in vain. What are your plans now? Do we challenge the White Mist again, or do we call it quits?""The real game has just begun; how could we stop here? Now that we have a partially mapped route, we can directly push into uncharted territory. Our exploration efficiency has increased many times over," Huangfu Song’s stance was clear, and his eyes flickered with boundless greed.

Dongfang Yao naturally sided with Huangfu Song.

Li Fan clapped his hands in admiration, "To rise stronger after setbacks—that is the spirit of a true hero! In that case, I’ll restock on supplies first, and then we’ll set off immediately."

"However…" Li Fan hesitated, looking troubled. "I’m afraid we won’t be able to find any more Longevity Pills—affordable yet effective life-extending treasures like that are incredibly rare."

Huangfu Song and Dongfang Yao both nodded in understanding.

"We can’t keep making you take the losses. I’ll find a way to contribute too," Dongfang Yao offered, taking the initiative.

The three of them agreed to meet again in two days, then went their separate ways.

Beastkind Realm.

Xu Bai lay motionless, floating in the sky with his eyes tightly shut, as if in deep slumber.

Above his forehead hovered a Seventeen-Petal Heavenly Spirit Flower, emitting a faint, milky-white radiance.

A mysterious energy surrounded him, distorting the air. Layer after layer of seven-colored halos rippled outward from him, expanding across the sky.

From the ground of the Beast Realm, it looked as if a seven-colored sun had appeared in the heavens.

Countless exotic beasts felt an instinctive reverence, kneeling in worship.

The disciples of the Medicine King Sect exchanged uncertain glances, whispering amongst themselves.

Of course, with Liu San standing guard beside Xu Bai, no one dared to speak out of turn.

More than ten days ago, Liu San had already located Jiao Xiuyuan.

Jiao Xiuyuan had shown great interest in the deal Li Fan had mentioned.

However, he insisted on personally verifying whether the Heavenly Spirit Flower in Li Fan’s possession was as miraculous as the rumors claimed.

But with Li Fan’s true body absent and impossible to contact, Liu San hurried back with Jiao Xiuyuan’s communication talisman, intending to report to Li Fan’s clone.

Yet, upon arriving in the Beast Realm, he discovered that Xu Bai was in a state of epiphany.

Not daring to disturb him, Liu San instead stood watch over him.

"Old Liu, the sect master’s enlightenment this time… seems rather extraordinary."

A voice rang in Liu San’s ears—it was Fang Zaiji speaking.

However, Fang Zaiji himself was nowhere to be seen. The voice originated from a golden eyeball floating in midair.

This was an experimental creation following his research on the True Cauldron of the Medicine King. Drawing inspiration from the [Great Dream of Early Autumn Formation], which connects the consciousness of multiple individuals within the Medicine King’s Cauldron, he crafted a set of Eighty-One [Eyes of Shared Vision].

The holders of these Eyes could not only communicate with one another but also synchronize and share everything they saw and heard. Even their perceptions of the changes in the world’s spiritual energy and their cultivation insights could be mutually sensed, as if they were experiencing them firsthand.

“You could clearly communicate with me directly in my Sea of Consciousness, yet you insist on speaking right next to my ear.” Liu San’s expression darkened slightly.

“You don’t understand. This is called a sense of ritual.” Fang Zaiji scoffed and retorted immediately.

Liu San turned his head and glanced at the golden eyeball.

The golden eyeball immediately darted to the side. “Old Liu, let’s talk this over calmly. This artifact was not easy to refine…”

Liu San was not one to indulge the other party. Just as he was about to act, he suddenly sensed something, raising his head to look toward the sky.

In his sleep, Xu Bai suddenly lifted his right hand. Using his finger as a brush, he made a sweeping motion in the air.

Countless specks of light gathered in the sky. Moments later, a vivid and lifelike painting of a roaring, rushing river appeared in the heavens.

“Go!”

Xu Bai pointed downward.

The painting transformed into a stream of light and plummeted toward the Beast Realm.

Then…

“Boom!”

A mighty river descended from the sky, manifesting out of thin air and crashing onto the land.

Yet Xu Bai did not stop.

Majestic mountains, ancient pines, deep ravines…

One breathtaking landscape painting after another materialized, descending like falling stars, scattering across the Beast Realm.

The earth roared continuously.

Ancient trees broke through the ground. Towering mountains rose from the land. Plains split open with thunderous cracks.

Like a divine creator, Xu Bai floated in the sky, shaping existence from nothingness, remodeling the Beast Realm according to his will.

Liu San and Fang Zaiji watched in stunned silence.

“…This…” Fang Zaiji hesitated, unsure.

“This is not an alteration made through resonance with this small world's Heavenly Dao. Rather, it is a direct manipulation, forcibly rewriting reality using an external, mysterious force.” Liu San saw through it at a glance.

“Such effortless control… While part of it is due to the Young Master’s clone fighting on home ground, that only enhances the power he can wield here.”

“It does not change the essence of this divine ability.”

A sharp light flashed through Fang Zaiji’s eyes. “In that case, if this technique were used in the outside world or even in the Xuanhuang Realm, as long as one’s power was great enough, wouldn’t it be possible to reshape mountains and rivers as easily as painting them?”

Liu San’s expression grew heavy as he slowly nodded.

“Issue a strict gag order to all sect disciples. This matter must be kept absolutely confidential.” Liu San spoke in a deep voice.

With their knowledge, even in the ancient cultivation era, this would have been considered an extraordinary divine ability.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 704


Destruction and creation have always been fundamentally different concepts.

Powerful cultivators can easily move mountains and boil seas. However, to create mountains and rivers from nothing with their bare hands is an infinitely more difficult task.

It may seem like many cultivators can achieve this, but in reality, they are merely relocating water and earth from one place to another within the world.

What Xu Bai had just done in the Beast Realm was completely different.

It was like bringing forth flowers with a flick of the wrist—creating something from nothing.

Or rather, reshaping the heavens and the earth.

As Dao Integration experts, Liu San and Fang Zaiji saw this with perfect clarity.

The mountains, rivers, and trees that had suddenly appeared in the Beast Realm had never been part of the world's natural evolution.

Yet, Xu Bai had forcibly rewritten the laws, compelling the world to undergo these changes.

This was not merely about the transformation of physical matter—it involved the very alteration of fundamental laws.The rumbling within the Beast Realm gradually subsided. As Liu San and Fang Zaiji watched with complex emotions, Xu Bai awoke from his enlightenment.

Noticing the gazes gathered upon him, Xu Bai was momentarily stunned.

Then, as he observed the transformed landscape of the Beast Realm, realization dawned upon him.

"Even while still comprehending, my body naturally manifested it. My will merged with the heavens, and everything flowed seamlessly."

"Incredible!"

Of course, Li Fan was not praising himself from the depths of his heart, but rather, his clone.

Or more precisely, the unique essence left within this clone by Mr. Bai.

With a single thought, all the events that had unfolded within the Beast Realm during his moment of enlightenment instantly replayed in his mind.

Xu Bai pondered, "Using my hands as a brush to reshape the heavens and earth—this technique shall be called (Heaven's Transformation)."

The initial inspiration for Heaven’s Transformation originated from the Reverse Five Elements Life-Death Sword.

Back then, Li Fan had comprehended this divine ability from the grand phenomena of the Five Elements Converging into One, the Shattering of the Five Elements from the roots of heaven and earth, and the Weaving of the Five Elements into a Cave-Heaven.

This ability allowed him to perform simple acts of "creation," such as condensing scattered spiritual energy into spirit stones.

However, as the complexity of creation increased, Li Fan found himself powerless.

Yet this time, he had managed to alter the world with a mere wave of his hand. The key to this breakthrough lay in the seventeen-petaled Heavenly Spirit Flower.

Upon the petals of the Heavenly Spirit Flower, the mountains and rivers of the Heavenly Spirit Continent were depicted. As Xu Bai carefully observed them, he felt as if he were soaring above the prefecture itself, witnessing its vast landscapes unfold.

The entire process of how mountains and rivers were formed in the world was displayed before him.

Simply put, Heaven and Earth had become his teachers, using the Heavenly Spirit Flower to demonstrate the act of creation.

Thus, in his moment of enlightenment, Xu Bai instinctively imitated and followed the guidance of the world itself. Without conscious effort, he replicated this process within the Beast Realm.

"Heaven’s Transformation—Xu Bai wields it effortlessly. But for my true self to master it completely, I will need repeated practice."

Strictly speaking, Heaven’s Transformation was far more ornamental than practical outside the Beast Realm.

After all, Li Fan was still only in the Nascent Soul Realm, and the impact he could have on the world was quite limited.

However, this technique possessed limitless potential.

The greatest application Li Fan could currently envision was the creation of "Essence of Heaven and Earth."

As a necessary catalyst for advancing to the Soul Transformation Realm, Essence of Heaven and Earth was a driving force behind world-changing transformations.

From the Heavenly Spirit, a thousand rivers would be born.

From the Great Hua, a thousand mountains would arise…

A Nascent Soul cultivator seeking to break through to the Soul Transformation realm must first observe an imminent change within a particular region.

Afterward, they must extract and absorb this "force of transformation" to complete their advancement.

In Congyun Sea, there are hundreds of Nascent Soul cultivators, yet only two Soul Transformation cultivators—Ziyun and Hongxi.

This vast numerical disparity clearly illustrates the immense difficulty of this breakthrough.

For an ordinary Nascent Soul cultivator, merely detecting the transformation of heaven and earth is already an insurmountable challenge. Even more difficult is absorbing the "Essence of Heaven and Earth" while evading the watchful eyes of other Nascent Soul cultivators—an endeavor akin to ascending the heavens.

However, for Li Fan, who had mastered the divine ability "Heaven's Transformation", it was entirely possible to initiate a transformation of the heavens in a remote and uninhabited area.

He could then steal this power and complete his advancement with ease.

And if he dared to be even bolder...

Mass-producing Soul Transformation cultivators wouldn't be impossible!

Dao Integration cultivators were essentially the rulers of their respective provinces, while Soul Transformation cultivators formed the core strength of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

If an organization suddenly emerged with dozens or even hundreds of Soul Transformation cultivators, both the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association would have no choice but to take it seriously.

Of course, all of this was predicated on one crucial factor: that the process of using "Heaven’s Transformation" to manipulate the Xuanhuang Transformation Force remained undetected by stronger cultivators.

A few discreet attempts, properly concealed, might go unnoticed. But large-scale disturbances?

Those would undoubtedly expose everything.

At that point, attracting the attention of Dao Integration cultivators—or even Longevity Immortal Heavenly Sovereigns—would be inevitable.

Thus, for now, Li Fan needed to gradually experiment with casting "Heaven's Transformation" in the Xuanhuang Realm while ensuring his own safety.

"Congratulations, Young Master, on making further progress along the Dao!"

Seeing Li Fan awaken, Liu San flew forward to offer his congratulations, his expression tinged with joy.

Even as he spoke, he casually sealed the surrounding space to prevent the secret from being exposed—that Xu Bai was actually Li Fan’s clone.

Meanwhile, Fang Zaiji maneuvered the "Shared Vision Eye" closer and chimed in:

"Using mountains and rivers as a canvas, laws as ink, and divine abilities as a brush…Sect Master, you are truly extraordinary!"

"I recall that the Divine Brush Sect once had a similar technique. Unfortunately, shortly after Chu Youhong created that move, the sect was utterly annihilated..."

"This move..."

Liu San’s face twitched. Before Fang Zaiji could finish, he waved his sleeve and retracted the golden eyeball.

Fang Zaiji's voice abruptly cut off, and silence enveloped the area.

Liu San then turned to Xu Bai and relayed Jiao Xiuyuan’s conditions.

"Daoist Jiao still refuses to act without seeing tangible benefits first, huh?"

Xu Bai had expected this response.

He extended his left palm, and seventeen petals of the Heavenly Spirit Flower floated into his grasp.

He plucked a petal with a smile.

Although the frozen Heavenly Spirit Flower remained completely intact, a transparent petal—one reflecting the image of the rising sun slanting over mountain ridges—appeared in his right hand.

"This is something I 'copied' from the original Heavenly Spirit Flower. It holds only a tenth of its essence, but… it is more than enough."

"Elder Liu, deliver this to Jiao Xiuyuan. He will naturally recognize its value."

Xu Bai spoke calmly.

Liu San solemnly cupped the transparent petal in his palm before nodding and swiftly departing.

"We need to speed things up."

"This must be completed before the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance officially announces the start of the Great Exploration Era."

"Otherwise, once everyone rushes off to explore the White Mist, who will still be around to buy my Heavenly Spirit Flowers?"

Xu Bai muttered to himself while waving his hand like a brush, sketching out one imitation Heavenly Spirit Flower petal after another in midair.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 705


Seven days later, under Jiao Xiuyuan's deliberate influence, a piece of news spread throughout the entire Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance in just half a day.

The mysterious cultivator who possessed the Heavenly Spirit Flower was about to appear once more.

At that time, he would host a Flower Appreciation Gathering, inviting all cultivators interested in this flower to come and admire it.

The location of this Flower Appreciation Gathering was set in Tianling Prefecture!

Most cultivators found the news rather baffling when they first heard it. After all, things like flower appreciation and admiration seemed far removed from their daily struggles—earning contribution points, calculating how long it would take to acquire their desired cultivation techniques, and simply trying to improve themselves. If they had the spare time, they’d rather take on another mission or two.

However, those who had been keeping an eye on the Heavenly Spirit Flower were now growing restless. They began making inquiries, trying to uncover the identity of this mysterious cultivator.

As soon as the Qianli Hall, which had branches in every city of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, began displaying “replica copies” of the true Heavenly Spirit Flower, things started to spiral into madness.

The true Heavenly Spirit Flower—a title newly coined by the Qianli Hall for the world's only original Heavenly Spirit plant.

Although there had long been rumors about how mystical and extraordinary this flower was, only a handful of fortunate individuals had actually witnessed it with their own eyes.

No matter how convincing the stories were, nothing compared to seeing it in person.Thus, when those initially indifferent cultivators laid eyes on the transparent petals within the Qianli Hall, their skepticism quickly turned into awe.

"Gifted by the heavens… truly gifted by the heavens! I thought people were exaggerating, but now…"

"I heard that the divine aura of these transparent petals isn't even one-tenth of the true Heavenly Spirit Flower? If the replica is already this astonishing, then what kind of supreme existence must the real one be?"

"Ah… it can only be admired from afar, never possessed. A divine artifact like this will never fall into the hands of ordinary cultivators like us."

For most cultivators, while they were indeed stunned and captivated by the beauty of the true Heavenly Spirit Flower, if it was merely a matter of aesthetics, they would have simply sighed in admiration, etched the memory in their minds, and eventually forgotten about it over time.

Would they go through the trouble of traveling thousands of miles to Heavenly Spirit Prefecture just to attend a Flower Appreciation Gathering?

The sheer lifespan loss from the journey alone was significant, not to mention the various costs and dangers along the way…

There were countless beautiful treasures in the world—losing out on one Heavenly Spirit Flower was hardly a big deal.

That was how most cultivators felt—until a series of inexplicable events occurred, completely overturning their perception of the flower.

It all began with a late-stage Golden Core cultivator who had been trapped for years due to the Heavenly Calamity. Upon witnessing the transparent petals displayed at the Qianli Hall, he was struck with sudden enlightenment, inexplicably breaking through his bottleneck.

He advanced to the Golden Core Perfection stage, with the Nascent Soul realm now within reach.

At that moment, he was so overwhelmed with emotion that he wept openly, letting out a long cry of joy.

Soon after, more and more similar cases began emerging across different prefectures.

Rumors spread of cultivators achieving breakthroughs upon merely seeing the replica petals—some even claimed to have comprehended powerful divine abilities from the mystical visions hidden within the flower’s essence.

As the stories became more and more exaggerated, skepticism arose.

Some people began to suspect that this was all just a publicity stunt by the Qianli Hall—a scheme to artificially inflate the value of the true Heavenly Spirit Flower.

"Instant enlightenment? Sudden breakthroughs? Hah, it’s all an act! A ploy to drive up the price!"

Conspiracy theories always had an audience.

Yet, regardless of the rumors, the number of cultivators flocking to Heavenly Spirit Prefecture continued to grow…

This skepticism quickly resonated with many cultivators. They spontaneously began investigating the identities of those who had recently broken through within the Thousand Mile Hall.

However, after thorough investigations, an unexpected discovery emerged.

Every cultivator they could find was genuinely someone who had been stuck at a cultivation bottleneck for many years.

And indeed, in recent times, they had successfully broken through. Each one had their friends, family, and numerous records as evidence—there was no room for falsification!

Facts spoke louder than words, and the investigation results immediately caused an uproar.

This True Heavenly Spirit Flower was not only beautiful—it could even help cultivators break through bottlenecks and comprehend divine abilities!

The difference in value between something merely beautiful and something that could enhance cultivation was immeasurable.

More importantly, treasures that could aid in Dao comprehension were typically monopolized by the powerful, making them nearly impossible for ordinary people to obtain.

Yet now, this Heavenly Spirit Flower was freely available for public viewing!

Even though the displayed ones were only replicas, they still had the effect of aiding comprehension!

Cultivators couldn't help but be tempted.

Thus, before the news spread too widely, they rushed toward the nearest Qianli Hall in a frenzy.

In an instant, the Qianli Hall became overcrowded.

Long lines formed at the entrance, and Jiao Xiuyuan beamed with joy as he maintained order.

"Young Master, was this within your expectations?"

In the Beast Realm, Liu San raised an eyebrow in confusion as he read the joyous report from Jiao Xiuyuan.

"The True Heavenly Spirit Flower does indeed have unique properties. But even the imitations you created can help cultivators comprehend the Dao?"

A trace of doubt flickered in his eyes.

"Perhaps it's because Elder Liu’s natural talent is too low," a thoughtful voice suddenly echoed from the floating golden eyeball beside him.

"Why are you haunting me like a lingering ghost?!" Liu San's expression darkened.

He reached out to grab the Eye of Shared Vision, but his grasp caught nothing but air.

"Tch, trying to catch me? Do you think I’d make the same mistake twice?" Fang Zaiji spoke smugly.

Meanwhile, Xu Bai's clone ignored Fang Zaiji’s antics, temporarily halting his painting of the Heavenly Spirit Flower replicas. He turned to look at Liu San.

"It’s not just about my replicas capturing a fraction of the True Flower’s essence. Even a blank sheet of paper—if enough cultivators observe it—will eventually inspire some to gain insights." He smiled.

"Hiss… So that’s how it is. Master, since when did you become so cunning?" Fang Zaiji's incredulous voice rang out.

Xu Bai remained expressionless and extended his hand.

This time, Fang Zaiji failed to dodge. The golden eyeball was caught firmly in his grasp.

Fang Zaiji’s voice was abruptly silenced.

Li Fan turned to Liu San and explained, "Elder Liu, your divine sense is still synchronized with the Eye of Shared Vision, which is why Elder Fang could anticipate your movements. If you temporarily disconnect, you won’t miss again."

Liu San suddenly realized, "I completely forgot about that."

Xu Bai smiled slightly, choosing not to comment further.

His expression then turned serious as he asked, "Elder Liu, how is the pill refinement coming along?"

Liu San carefully took out a wooden box from his robes.

"The Soul-Melting Body-Dissolving Pill is refined from over a hundred highly toxic ingredients. Upon ingestion, the body will dissolve completely within a single breath’s time—erasing one’s existence from the world. Even Dao Integration cultivators are no exception."

"Young Master, you intend to…?"

"It’s for myself—to make suicide more convenient when the time comes." Xu Bai said indifferently.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 706


Xu Bai's words startled Liu San.

However, he quickly realized that when Xu Bai mentioned "suicide," he was referring to his clone.

"Young Master, why go to such lengths? With Old Fang and me here, along with the Medicine King's True Cauldron, even if we are outmatched, escaping shouldn't be too difficult." Liu San looked at Xu Bai with some confusion.

Xu Bai did not elaborate further. "This is just a precaution, nothing more."

Seeing this, Liu San did not press the matter. Instead, he advised, "If it is for the sake of a swift end, Young Master can use spiritual power to envelop the Soul-Melting Body-Dissolving Pill and store it in your dantian. At the critical moment, dissolving the pill will allow its effects to spread throughout your body in an instant. During this process, you must also be mindful of…"

After listening to Liu San's detailed instructions, Xu Bai calmly swallowed the highly toxic pill.

Feeling the lethal presence within his dantian, Xu Bai suddenly felt much more at ease.

"With the additional safeguard of the Mysterious True Spirit Transformation technique, which allows me to discard this clone's life at will, I should never find myself in a situation where I cannot die if needed."

After all, this clone was heading to the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters to meet with Law Derivation Jade. The level of power he might encounter there was unpredictable.

Moreover, Xu Bai's unique appearance and aura made him easily recognizable…It was only natural to make thorough preparations.

"Next, it all depends on how Fellow Daoist Jiao performs."

Standing in the void of the Beast Realm, Xu Bai gazed into the distance as if his vision could pierce through space and time, seeing the events unfolding in Tianling Prefecture.

"Damn it, the last time Tianling Prefecture was this lively was…"

Inside Tianling City, a guard cultivator responsible for maintaining order looked at the vast crowd of gathered cultivators and cursed under his breath.

However, before he could finish his sentence, his words caught in his throat.

It was as if he had forgotten something important, leaving him momentarily lost in thought. "When was the last time Tianling Prefecture had this many people?"

He was puzzled.

"It was during the Tianling Prefecture War."

Beside him, a lean and serious-looking cultivator responded coldly.

As the lost memories resurfaced in his mind, the guard cultivator felt as if he had traveled back in time to centuries ago. His expression grew distant. RαNŏᛒÈṥ

"Yes, before the Tianling Prefecture War, the city was just as crowded."

"Old Sun, your memory is really something. I had almost forgotten about that…"

Sun Qi ignored his colleague's mumbling. Instead, he carefully examined the Floral Invitation in his hands, his eyes flickering with excitement.

The Floral Invitation was an exclusive entry ticket to the upcoming Flower Viewing Gathering.

Due to the overwhelming number of cultivators arriving for the event, even the massive space that Tianling City's Lord had prepared was nearly full.

To prevent chaos, all cultivators hoping to enter and witness the True Heavenly Spirit Flower had to do so in an orderly manner, based on their arrival sequence.

Since they had come from far and wide, most cultivators didn't mind paying the 100 Contribution Points entry fee.

The real issue was time.

The queue of cultivators had completely filled Tianling City, and in an unprecedented move, the teleportation formations leading into the city had been temporarily shut down.

For ordinary cultivators, it was impossible to predict how long they would have to wait to see the True Heavenly Spirit Flower.

Moreover, the Flower Viewing Gathering had no official duration.

The True Heavenly Spirit Flower itself was merely being stored at Qianli Hall by its owner, who could retrieve it at any moment.

If one missed this opportunity, there might never be another.

Naturally, the sooner one could see the True Heavenly Spirit Flower, the better.

The Floral Invitation granted its holder priority entry, bypassing the queue entirely.

Rumors had it that these invitations had already been scalped to prices as high as 10,000 Contribution Points per ticket, and even at that price, they were extremely limited and difficult to obtain.

The only reason Sun Qi had one was because his uncle had gifted it to him.

Sun Qi’s uncle, Sun Liancheng, was the newly appointed Lord of Tianling City in Tianling Prefecture.

A Dao Integration cultivator, he guarded the entire Tianling region.

“This Tianling Flower does seem to have some unique qualities. It appears to be somewhat different from what I have seen before. You can take a look—perhaps it might help you break through,” Sun Liancheng said in a detached tone, as if he held little hope.

It was no surprise—Sun Qi had been trapped at the Golden Core stage for far too long due to the Calamity of Heaven.

He had exhausted countless methods, even risking his life by throwing himself into the battles of the Tianling War-zone, hoping that the immense terror between life and death would help him break through his bottleneck. But in the end, every attempt ended in failure.

Apart from Sun Qi himself, the rest of the family had already given up on him.

“Heavenly Spirit Flower…” A vivid image of it emerged in Sun Qi’s mind.

As a native cultivator of Tianling Prefecture, he was naturally familiar with it.

Before the great war, he would occasionally buy a few pots of the flower for personal enjoyment when the mood struck him.

However, after the war, the Heavenly Spirit Flower had become tainted with the scent of blood.

Every time he saw one, it would remind him of the hellish battlefield during the war in Tianling Prefecture. From then on, he never purchased another.

“I never expected that a original Heavenly Spirit Flower would still exist in this world.” Sun Qi was momentarily lost in thought.

After completing his task handover with a fellow cultivator, he hurried home, changed into fresh robes, and set off for the Paradise Amidst Flowers.

Paradise Amidst Flowers was the venue prepared for the Floral Appreciation Gathering in Tianling City. It had been jointly created by his uncle, Sun Liancheng, and a cultivator named Zhao Chong.

Zhao Chong was well-known for his love of flowers.

Upon hearing that the Floral Appreciation Gathering was to be held in Tianling Prefecture, he personally sought out Sun Liancheng and volunteered to help set up the venue free of charge—his only request was to witness the true Heavenly Spirit Flower with his own eyes.

Though Zhao Chong was only a Soul Transformation cultivator, he had an extensive network of connections, with ties to several esteemed Dao Integration cultivators within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

Sun Liancheng found it difficult to refuse and had no choice but to accept.

The entrance to the Paradise Amidst Flowers was located at the Dharma-Transmitting Plaza within the city. There, a dark-skinned man named Jiao Xiuyuan had set up a table, beaming as he blocked the entrance.

Only after presenting his Floral Invitation was Sun Qi allowed to enter the Paradise Amidst Flowers.

Before he could take in his surroundings, a rich and intoxicating floral fragrance enveloped him.

In an open space covered in a vibrant array of flowers, rows of chairs woven from green vines were arranged neatly, already occupied by numerous cultivators.

Sun Qi, being a solitary individual by nature, scanned the crowd but found no one he recognized. Without hesitation, he located his assigned seat and patiently waited.

It was unclear how much time had passed when a sudden wave of noise rippled through the venue.

The first group of lucky participants had begun to enter the deeper parts of the Paradise Amidst Flowers.

Once all the cultivators had gathered inside, Jiao Xiuyuan abruptly appeared on the grand stage at the front, a platform adorned with beautiful and exotic flowers.

In his hands, he held a red wooden box, immediately drawing the attention of every cultivator present.

“Fellow Daoists, the Flower Appreciation Gathering officially begins!”

Without unnecessary words, Jiao Xiuyuan made the simple yet exciting announcement.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 707


Amid the attention of the entire audience, Jiao Xiuyuan opened the wooden box.

A thin, translucent "paper" as light as a cicada's wing and emitting a gentle white glow slowly floated into the air.

"The True Heavenly Spirit Flower!" A cultivator in the crowd couldn't help but exclaim.

Some were even so stunned by the flower’s beauty that they stood up in astonishment.

Strangely enough, even though the True Heavenly Spirit Flower was sealed within a flat surface, those who gazed upon it did not perceive anything unnatural.

It was as if a real flower were blooming slowly before their very eyes, breathtakingly beautiful.

Even a faint floral fragrance seemed to drift through the air.

As the crowd fell into complete silence, entranced by the True Heavenly Spirit Flower’s beauty, Jiao Xiuyuan smiled triumphantly and gently pointed at the translucent paper in midair.

In an instant, countless rays of light shot out from it, projecting the originally palm-sized flower into the sky above the venue.

The projection magnified the flower tens of thousands of times without losing any of its ethereal charm. Every petal's intricate details became even more vivid and clear.While all the cultivators were captivated by the sight, Jiao Xiuyuan discreetly crushed a small round bead in his hand.

A faint white mist, carrying an aura of profound mystery, began to spread across the venue.

Even though his body was only a puppet, Jiao Xiuyuan instinctively avoided the mist. He subtly cast a protective barrier around himself, keeping the mist at bay.

He recalled the words of the Dao Integration cultivator named Liu San—clearly an alias—who had given him this item.

"Ahem, this is an elixir I have meticulously refined. It aids cultivators in their cultivation. Once inhaled as mist, it induces an almost—but not quite—genuine state of enlightenment..."

As Jiao Xiuyuan observed the entranced expressions of the cultivators around him, he muttered to himself:

"Even though he swore that this improved version has absolutely no addictive properties..."

"It's still best to avoid this kind of mysterious stuff whenever possible."

The True Heavenly Spirit Flower continued to bloom radiantly. Its petals cast mesmerizing reflections on the faces of every cultivator in the Paradise Amidst Flowers.

Each viewing session lasted only three hours. Once the time passed, the opportunity would be lost forever. Thus, almost every pair of eyes remained locked on the projected True Heavenly Spirit Flower above.

Only one person, however, was staring blankly at the frozen thin paper in the center of the venue.

"There's no mistake—Ice Dew Condensation, Image Capture, Thousand-Color Elegance..."

"This is exactly the same technique I use in my Floral Anthology to preserve flowers. But I have never shared this method with anyone else!"

Zhao Chong's eyes were filled with disbelief.

"Could it be... that someone else in this world has managed to think of the same technique as I did?"

After laying eyes on the True Heavenly Spirit Flower, Zhao Chong's lifelong yearning was finally fulfilled. He no longer cared about breaking through realms or comprehending divine abilities.

Instead, his curiosity was drawn toward the mysterious owner of the Heavenly Spirit Flower, who had yet to reveal themselves.

Time passed slowly as the cultivators remained immersed in their trance.

As the three-hour mark approached, no one had shown any signs of breaking through or achieving enlightenment.

"This is the first exhibition—I can't afford to mess this up."

Just as Jiao Xiuyuan was about to activate his pre-arranged backup plan, a sudden fluctuation stopped him in his tracks.

"It's that kid! Perfect—now I don't have to waste extra effort advertising this!"

Seeing who was undergoing a breakthrough, Jiao Xiuyuan was overjoyed.

He instantly teleported next to the cultivator and sealed off the energy fluctuation to prevent any disturbances to the others' comprehension.

The first to break through was none other than Sun Qi.

As he gazed at the breathtaking scene of the Heavenly Spirit Flower in the sky, he suddenly felt as if he had been transported back to a brutal battlefield.

Yet, unlike the current blood-soaked battlefield infused with the Heavenly Spirit Flower’s aura, this time, he felt no urge to kill.

Instead, the world's beauty flowed through him like water, healing and soothing the deep psychological scars left by war.

It was as if time had reversed—blood, corpses, and the cracked earth all vanished. His vision soared above the Tianling Prefecture, returning to an era before the great war.

Sun Qi was completely mesmerized by everything he saw.

In that moment, he forgot his family's expectations, the disappointment of his elders, the mockery of his peers, and even his own relentless desire to break through.

His mind was filled solely with the beauty of the Heavenly Spirit and the world itself.

His hostility dissipated entirely, and his cultivation advanced naturally.

By the time he regained consciousness, the seemingly insurmountable bottleneck of the Heaven’s Calamity—which had troubled him for years and nearly driven him to despair—had completely vanished without a trace.

Now, all he needed was a suitable cave dwelling to refine the energy, and he would instantly step into the Nascent Soul Realm.

For the Sun Family, this was an easily achievable feat.

In the past, if he had broken through suddenly, he might have been overwhelmed with joy.

But at this moment, Sun Qi felt neither happiness nor sorrow.

He remained seated in silence, ignoring the occasional glances cast his way, and continued to gaze intently at the True Heavenly Spirit Flower above.

It was only when the host, Jiao Xiuyuan, finally stored the flower back into the wooden box and announced the end of the first appreciation event that he snapped out of his trance.

Excited voices, sighs of regret, and words of admiration filled the air.

"Daoist Jiao, name your price! How much for this Heavenly Spirit True Flower?"

Having witnessed its wonders firsthand, some cultivators could no longer hold back and asked impatiently.

Their inquiries quickly gained support from others.

Jiao Xiuyuan, however, only smiled and replied:

"How many times do I have to tell you? The flower’s owner is very clear about his stance: Not for sale. Not for sale. Still not for sale!"

"Even though I'd love to broker this deal, there's nothing I can do if the owner refuses to sell!"

A commotion erupted among the crowd.

A rotund, middle-aged cultivator stood up arrogantly and said, "I refuse to believe that there’s anything money can't buy! Ten million contribution points—does that work? If not, I’ll offer more!"

Before Jiao Xiuyuan could respond, another voice from the crowd mocked him sarcastically:

"Oh? Isn't this Daoist Zhu Yuhua from the Tianshu Prefecture? I heard you’re quite wealthy, but why start with only ten million contribution points? Are you looking down on us?"

"Heh, with such a low offer, you might as well settle for those imitation flowers!"

Zhu Yuhua's expression darkened as he turned toward the speakers. They were indeed all influential figures.

Realizing that ten million contribution points were insignificant to them, he swallowed his words and prepared to increase his offer.

However, Jiao Xiuyuan quickly stepped in as the mediator.

"Everyone, everyone…"

Raising his voice, he once again captured the audience’s attention.

"The Heavenly Spirit Flower’s owner is an extraordinary person, unmatched in both grace and elegance. Naturally, he treasures the world’s only Heavenly Spirit Flower beyond measure and would never sell it."

"However…" He paused before continuing,

"While he won’t sell it, he has agreed to an alternative arrangement after some persuasion on my part."

"The True Heavenly Spirit Flower will be available for rental instead of sale!"

"If any of you are interested, stay behind to hear the details."

...

"Only for rent, not for sale. This Master of the Heavenly Spirit Flowers truly knows how to do business." Sun Qi chuckled.

Watching the crowd of cultivators swarming toward Jiao Xiuyuan, Sun Qi knew that he lacked the ability to rent the Heavenly Spirit Flower. Shaking his head, he quietly left the Paradise Amidst Flowers.

After leaving, the first person he visited was his uncle, Sun Liancheng. After all, his recent breakthrough was primarily due to the Floral Invitation that Sun Liancheng had gifted him.

He had only waited for a short moment in his uncle’s cave dwelling before Sun Liancheng arrived in a hurry.

"Good… good…" Sun Liancheng examined him from head to toe, even more excited than Sun Qi himself about his breakthrough.

"The prodigy of the Sun Clan has finally returned after all these years," Sun Liancheng sighed with emotion.

Sun Qi let out a self-deprecating laugh. "Prodigy…?"

"Born at the Foundation Establishment realm, reaching Golden Core by the full moon—I did indeed live up to the title of 'prodigy' back then. But now, I am already 213 years old…"

Sun Qi gently shook his head. "How can I be considered a prodigy? Uncle, please refrain from calling me that in the future. Others have long since reached the Nascent Soul and Soul Transformation stages, while I am still lingering at the Golden Core stage…"

"If word gets out, I will surely be ridiculed."

Sun Liancheng, however, remained unconcerned. "Why should our Sun family care about what others think? Qi’er, you have remained at the Golden Core stage for over two hundred years, but now you have finally broken free. With such a solid foundation, your future is boundless."

"Moreover…"

A peculiar expression flickered across Sun Liancheng’s face. "Breaking through is so difficult—it’s not your fault. After all, the entire clan's bottleneck has been placed upon your shoulders."

"On top of that, with the Primal Qi of Heaven and Earth as your innate companion artifact, you naturally draw the hostility of the world. To have even broken through the Golden Core Heaven's Calamity within your lifetime is already a blessing. Many ancestors never even reached the Golden Core stage before exhausting their lifespan and perishing. But now…"

Sun Liancheng patted Sun Qi's shoulder, his tone filled with satisfaction. "The future is promising!"

Sun Qi’s expression remained entirely unchanged.

"The next major bottleneck in Reversing the Heaven and Earth Record should be in the late Soul Transformation stage, correct?" Sun Liancheng asked.

Sun Qi gave a slight nod.

"Don’t worry. The Cave-Heaven, Heavenly Marrow, and all necessary resources will be prepared for you by the clan. You only need to focus on cultivating."

After a long silence, Sun Liancheng suddenly sighed. "Qi’er, the burden of the entire clan rests solely on your shoulders. This has hindered your cultivation, and you cannot even voice your struggles to anyone. You must endure it all in silence. Do you feel wronged or resentful?"

Sun Qi remained composed. "It is simply my duty. Countless ancestors have made silent sacrifices just as I have. It is precisely because of their dedication that the Sun family is as powerful as it is today. How could I possibly feel resentment?"

Sun Liancheng narrowed his eyes, carefully scrutinizing Sun Qi, as if trying to determine whether his words were genuine.

After a long moment, just as he was about to speak, his expression suddenly shifted. "We have a guest."

"Then I shall take my leave, Uncle." Sun Qi cupped his hands and turned to leave.

"No need, just stay here. It's nothing important," Sun Liancheng stopped him.

"Hahaha, Old Sun, we've hit the jackpot this time!" A voice rang out before the person even arrived.

Upon hearing Jiao Xiuyuan’s voice, Sun Qi remained silent and motionless.

Moments later, Jiao Xiuyuan strode in, brimming with confidence.

"The number of cultivators who have traveled here is far beyond your expectations, hahaha…"

Mid-sentence, he noticed Sun Qi standing quietly in the room and immediately halted, his eyes flashing with an unreadable expression.

"Haha, no need for secrecy, Daoist Jiao. Qi’er is not an outsider," Sun Liancheng waved his hand dismissively.

Jiao Xiuyuan opened his mouth as if to say something but ultimately let out a light chuckle instead.

"Old Sun, you misunderstand. Of course, I know the relationship between this boy and you. However, we agreed to confidentiality when signing the contract."

His voice suddenly became inaudible as his lips moved in silence. Upon hearing his words, Sun Liancheng’s expression shifted between shock and delight.

After exchanging a few more words, Jiao Xiuyuan retrieved a small Tianxuan Mirror from his sleeve.

Following the completion of their transaction, he promptly departed in a hurry.

"I never expected someone to be willing to trade a Dao Integration-level Derivative Jade Token just to be the first to lease that Heavenly Spirit Flower…"

"It seems that compared to the true elites of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, our Sun family still has a long way to go." Sun Liancheng sighed lightly. "The road ahead is arduous."

Hearing this, Sun Qi was momentarily stunned. "Wasn’t this supposed to be confidential?"

"The contract only binds Jiao Xiuyuan, not me," Sun Liancheng replied indifferently.

"That Master of the Heavenly Spirit Flower is rather intriguing, though. An ancient cultivator from the distant past, emerging from the White Mist, now seeks my help in obtaining an entry status into the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance…"

"Qi’er, what do you think?" Sun Liancheng asked after a brief moment of contemplation.

Sun Qi pondered for a moment before responding, "A schemer. Possibly a spy from the Five Elders Association."

Sun Liancheng burst into laughter and shook his head. "Qi’er, you are still too young. The Master of the Heavenly Spirit Flower has gone through so much trouble simply to meet Derivation Law Jade and request a Dao Integration cultivation technique suited to himself. If he were truly a spy, would he waste such a rare opportunity on something like this?"

"Besides, Derivation Law Jade is stationed at the headquarters of the Immortal Alliance Guardian Hall. With the True Intent of the Dao suppressing the area, what kind of spy would dare to cause trouble there? That would be a blatant act of suicide."

Sun Qi remained silent.

These hidden secrets were beyond the understanding of a mere Golden Core cultivator like himself. His uncle, Sun Liancheng, was subtly reminding him—no matter how much he advanced in cultivation, even if he broke through to the Nascent Soul stage, he was still nothing compared to the entire Sun family. His sole duty was to cultivate the Reversing the Heaven and Earth Record and bear the clan's bottleneck. He must never develop any rebellious thoughts.

"Hmph."

Firmly burying his fleeting thoughts of defiance deep within his heart, Sun Qi dared not reveal even the slightest change in expression.

Sun Liancheng seemed quite satisfied with his reaction. From that day forward, Sun Qi was permitted to stay in the City Lord’s Mansion.

Seven days later, Sun Qi finally encountered the mysterious Master of the Heavenly Spirit Flower, Xu Bai.

Despite priding himself on his unshakable composure, Sun Qi found himself momentarily dazed upon seeing the man. Only then did he realize that Jiao Xiuyuan's claim—"Master of the Heavenly Spirit Flower is a rare, unparalleled figure"—was not an exaggeration.

Xu Bai had come seeking status within the Immortal Alliance.

For Sun Liancheng, who held dominion over an entire province, this was a trivial matter.

In less than half a day, he bypassed all the necessary verifications and successfully secured Xu Bai’s membership.

After personally verifying his identity using the Tianxuan Mirror, Xu Bai nodded in satisfaction.

After offering a few words of praise regarding Sun Liancheng’s immense authority, he folded his fan and departed gracefully.

Sun Qi’s gaze followed his silhouette until it disappeared.

"He does seem to bear the favor of the heavens…"

"But what a pity—he has strayed from the righteous path," Sun Liancheng snorted coldly, giving his evaluation.

Sun Qi was momentarily stunned. He wondered if he had unknowingly done something to anger his uncle.

It was only after a few moments that he realized his uncle was not referring to him—

But to Xu Bai, who had just left.

"Strayed from the righteous path? Uncle, what do you mean?" Sun Qi asked, puzzled.

"Those favored by the heavens—back in the Ancient Cultivation Era, they would have been sought after by the great sects, natural-born prodigies of the Dao."

"But in this era…" Sun Liancheng’s eyes flashed with disdain.

"The New Method of the Immortal Ancestor is an act of defiance against the heavens themselves. The more one benefits from the heavens, the harder it becomes to defy them in the future."

"When the time comes to sacrifice one's Spirit of Heaven and Earth, the backlash from the will of the heavens will be exponentially stronger. No matter how talented one may be, they will likely never surpass the Soul Transformation stage."

"Just like your Primal Qi of Heaven and Earth—a fragment of the Heavenly Wonder, a gift of the heavens. Have you not sensed the world's hostility towards you? As your cultivation grows, this hostility will only intensify."

"Once, the heavens showered them with blessings, and yet, they choose to turn against it. How could they not be despised?"

Sun Qi silently nodded, lost in thought.

Neither he nor the Dao Integration-level Sun Liancheng noticed—

That from the very beginning, their conversation had been silently observed, every word recorded.

By none other than Li Fan—who lurked in the shadows, concealed within a formless killing intent.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 708


Outside the void of Tianling Prefecture, Li Fan, who had successfully stolen the Five Elements Grand Cave Heaven and broken through to the Nascent Soul stage, was preparing to quietly escape.

However, he noticed that a cultivator named Sun Qi, stationed below, seemed to vaguely perceive his presence.

Sun Qi even had a faint awareness of his Formless Killing Intent.

It was important to note that even ordinary Dao Integration cultivators would have difficulty detecting the Formless Killing Intent Li Fan unleashed while still at the Nascent Soul stage under the guise of false destiny.

Yet, this seemingly insignificant Golden Core cultivator managed to perceive it.

This series of signs indicated that Sun Qi was no ordinary person. As a result, Li Fan casually released a Formless Killing Intent to lock onto him.

For a long time, Sun Qi showed no unusual behavior. Like any ordinary cultivator, he practiced diligently and carried out missions assigned by the Immortal Alliance.

That was until recently, when the Lord of Tianling City, Sun Liancheng, approached him and handed him a Floral Invitation.

Within the Maze Zone, Li Fan, who was watching events unfold from millions of miles away, hesitated slightly in his movements.

"The more one benefits from the heavens, the harder it becomes to defy them…" Li Fan mused to himself."Brother Li, are you struggling to hold on?" Huangfu Song’s voice pulled him back to reality.

Dongfang Yao shouted, "Stay behind me! Huangfu, how much longer?"

"Just 1% left! Once this Maze Zone is fully resolved, hold on a little longer!" Huangfu Song called out.

"Damn it, hurry up!" Dongfang Yao roared, punching out and shattering dozens of lurking Shadow Beasts into fragments.

Li Fan looked outward—countless Black Shadow Beasts surged in from all directions like tidal waves, surrounding the three of them completely.

This was already the third Maze Zone they had explored during this period.

Compared to the previous two, which were barren and lifeless, the danger level here had suddenly multiplied several times over.

The seemingly calm ground was filled with strange Shadow Beasts hiding among jagged rocks.

During the daytime, they remained relatively dormant.

But as night fell and a crimson moon rose, the eerie beasts seemed to come alive under its orange-red glow.

They launched relentless assaults on the intruders—Li Fan and his companions.

These Shadow Beasts were not only swift and elusive but also incredibly lethal.

Even with Dongfang Yao’s formidable physical strength, he was left covered in wounds after taking a few hits from their claws.

What frustrated Li Fan and the others the most was that, no matter how much effort they put into slaughtering the crazed Shadow Beasts each night,

When the crimson moon rose again the following evening, the beasts reappeared in full force.

Not only did their numbers remain unchanged, but they also seemed to retain memories of the previous night’s battle.

This plunged Li Fan and his companions into a bitter struggle.

They barely managed to hold on, exhausting almost all their supplies in the process.

By the third day, before they could even finish exploring the entire Maze Zone,

The crimson moon descended earlier than expected.

Their situation immediately became critical.

Fortunately, both Huangfu Song and Dongfang Yao were powerful, while Li Fan had concealed the vast majority of his true cultivation and combat prowess.

As a result, despite the constant peril, they remained unscathed.

Though their defensive line appeared on the verge of collapse under the Shadow Beasts' relentless assault, it held firm—unyielding and unwavering.

Finally, when the Heaven-Measuring Mirror completed its full data recording,

The trio unleashed their full power, instantly clearing the surrounding area.

Then, the Samantabhadra True Boat shot into the sky, racing toward the crimson moon above.

Even though the Shadow Beasts had gone completely berserk, they still couldn’t stop them. They could only watch helplessly as Li Fan and the others flew into the Crimson Moon.

“Damn, that was way too close!” Dongfang Yao, covered in blood, couldn’t help but curse when he saw the familiar white mist around them.

“In the future, we shouldn’t listen to you anymore, Huangfu. If we had followed Brother Li’s plan from the start—avoiding an all-out battle on the first night and instead fighting while exploring—we would have completed the progress long ago and made our escape.” Complaining, he took a deep breath, and the deep, bone-exposing wounds on his body wriggled as they slowly healed.

“Hey, you can’t blame me for that. It’s all because of those damn Immortal Alliance rules. There’s a huge difference in rewards between 99% and 100% exploration—the reward points literally double! It’s practically forcing us to explore the entire Maze Zone.” Huangfu Song wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, looking somewhat innocent.

Li Fan, on the other hand, remained calm. “After all, the real danger is likely hidden within that last 1%. A full 100% exploration means eliminating all risks. The Immortal Alliance’s approach makes sense.”

“Let’s check our earnings this time. We gained another 1,600 points, plus what we had before…”

“Only 2,400 points.”

The expressions of the three turned sour.

“Didn’t expect such a huge difference in value between different Maze Zone.”

“I really miss the days when earning 30,000 Qingxuan points was effortless…” Dongfang Yao muttered.

“Shut up already!” Huangfu Song snapped irritably.

Li Fan didn’t join their bickering; instead, he focused on the Qingxuan Points exchange list displayed on the Heaven-Measuring Mirror.

"Dissociation Disc: 50,000 Qingxuan Points."

"Remaining stock: 8."

Li Fan sneered internally. “So they finally pulled this thing out to bait people. I wonder which poor fool bought the first one.”

This time, possibly to encourage cultivators to explore the white mist further, the rare items on the Qingxuan Points exchange list had limited stock—once exchanged, they were gone for good.

However, the rewards were indeed generous. Aside from the nine Dissociation Discs, the list also included the [Spirit of the Xuan Mirror] and [Endstone Plate].

The Spirit of the Xuan Mirror was a sentient consciousness with a decent level of intelligence. It could be fused into any magical treasure, significantly enhancing its power.

As for the Endstone Plate, it was a newly emerged secondary artifact. It appeared as a circular stone plate, hence its name.

Its exact function had yet to be discovered.

“This Endstone Plate Plate… seems to be the [Calamity Destruction Stone Plate]. In my previous life, the Heaven-Suppressing Society used this item to mass-produce [Calamity Stones], which could block the Mysterious Net’s detection. It took their cultivators years of research to uncover its true potential. Since the item has only just emerged, it makes sense that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance hasn’t figured out its effects yet.”

“100,000 Qingxuan Points, huh…”

Li Fan stroked his chin, recalling the areas he had secretly noted along the way—places where the wails of the "Tian Yi" could be heard continuously.

Based on his experiences so far, not every Maze Zone emitted the faint sound of the "Tian Yi."

However, whenever the "Tian Yi" sound appeared, it always meant that a Maze Zone could be found nearby.

"It shouldn’t all be the experimental grounds of that Heavenly Sovereign who reversed life and death."

"A bit risky, but not necessarily impossible to explore."

A sense of eagerness stirred in Li Fan’s heart.

While his true self was exploring the white mist, in the Beast Realm, Xu Bai had already prepared to head to the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance.

"Sect Master, why are you taking off all the protective artifacts I refined for you? Are you dissatisfied with me or something?" Fang Zaiji panicked as he saw Xu Bai remove the folding fan, white robe, scented pouch, and other items one by one.

Xu Bai chuckled lightly. "Once I arrive at the headquarters of the Ten Thousand Immortals Alliance, if real danger arises, these items won’t be of much use."

"Rather than letting them be buried along with my clone, it’s better to leave them here."

Liu San shot a fierce glare at Fang Zaiji before reassuring Xu Bai, "Young Master, you need not worry. I asked Daoist Jiao about this—the Immortal Alliance cultivators who use the Derivative Jade Token have almost never encountered any accidents. Nearly all of them return safely."

"Your clone should be no exception."

Xu Bai waved his hand dismissively. "You two don’t need to worry. It’s just a clone. Even if it’s lost, I can refine another one."

"Elder Liu, is the [Great Dream Spring and Autumn Formation] ready?"

Liu San nodded solemnly. "We have already linked your clone’s consciousness to a blank node. If an irresistible force intervenes, it will help him maintain clarity of thought for a brief moment."

"That’s sufficient." Xu Bai smiled.

Then, he set off alone from the Longevity Valley.

Using the teleportation formation, he traveled across multiple prefecture and arrived in Fuyu Prefecture, located in the central region of the Immortal Alliance.

In a secluded area, he activated the Derivative Jade Token.

Moments later, a square-shaped gate appeared out of thin air. A black-clothed cultivator stepped out from within.

After glancing at the Derivative Jade Token in Li Fan’s hand, the black-clothed cultivator said nothing.

He simply led Li Fan through the transparent portal.

A brief moment of dizziness followed, and Li Fan immediately realized he had arrived inside the headquarters of the Immortal Alliance.

Unlike the Statue of the Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor he had seen in his past life, this time, upon entering the headquarters with his clone, he saw a different vision—a thin and solitary figure.

Hands clasped behind his back, gazing up at the sky, letting out a soft sigh.

"Before us, The path to immortality lies ahead, yet it cannot be treaded. The Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor stands above!"

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 709


It was as if the entire world responded to that figure's words, plunging into darkness in an instant.

Xu Bai vaguely heard a sound of helpless wailing.

Then, the thin figure slightly shook his head and turned around.

Their eyes met.

Boom!

Xu Bai's mind instantly exploded, roaring with noise. He was shocked to discover that the figure's appearance was identical to his own!

No...

In a flash, his vision blurred, and the face abruptly changed. Xu Bai seemed to see the peerless visage of Mr. Bai.

However, it was different from the time he saw him at the Beast-Taming Sect. Back then, Mr. Bai appeared as an unrivaled, celestial being.

Now, there was a profound sense of compassion and sorrow—a more genuine, mortal presence.His clear eyes seemed to carry countless emotions and stories waiting to be told, like a vortex gradually engulfing Xu Bai’s mind.

"Wake up!"

A soft yet powerful voice rang out, like a great bell echoing from beyond the heavens. It pierced through the endless worlds and suddenly resounded in Xu Bai's ears.

Xu Bai’s previously dull, lifeless gaze instantly regained a trace of clarity.

When he looked again at Mr. Bai, the flesh on his face melted away like a candle, revealing a horrifying and sinister sight.

The once breathtakingly beautiful face now appeared eerie and grim.

In just a brief moment, the terrifying transformation spread from Mr. Bai's face to his entire body.

Like being stripped away by a gust of wind, he instantly became a skeletal figure, his hollow eye sockets staring straight at Xu Bai.

Xu Bai was overwhelmed with shock.

The surroundings shattered like glass, cracking and breaking apart in an instant.

A faint sense of dizziness washed over him as the illusion completely dissipated.

The black-robed cultivator who came to guide him scanned him briefly before speaking slowly:

"This space contains a lingering aura of the Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor. Any cultivator coming here for the first time will sense it and experience hallucinations."

Having visited the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters before, Xu Bai naturally understood.

The last time his true self came, he had seen the towering statue of the Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor.

From that statue, Li Fan felt an extreme sense of danger, as well as a vague sense of familiarity.

This time, however, he used Xu Ke's blood essence and Mr. Bai's divine charm to refine a clone to come here.

What he saw was a strange and eerie scene.

"The path to immortality lies ahead, yet it cannot be treaded. The Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor stands above..."

"Mr. Bai’s face turned identical to that of the clone. And in the end, he suddenly transformed into a skeletal figure..."

"What exactly does all of this signify?"

Even after escaping the illusion, Xu Bai remained deeply shaken, instinctively following behind the black-robed cultivator who led the way.

It seems that Xu Bai’s heaven-defying appearance had an effect, as the black-robed cultivator did not disturb them upon seeing him.

He merely led the way in silence.

When the two of them passed through the teleportation formation and transformed into beams of light, swiftly traversing the space of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance headquarters, Xu Bai slowly emerged from the illusions' influence.

At this moment, the black-robed guide cultivator explained to Xu Bai, “This trace of aura left behind by the Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor is usually referred to as the ‘True Meaning of Dharma Transmission.’ The True Meaning of Dharma Transmission is profoundly mysterious and possesses countless wondrous applications. A cultivator only experiences its effects the first time they enter the Alliance headquarters, caught off guard and falling into illusions. Once they stay here for a while and their body adapts to the presence of the True Meaning of Dharma Transmission, it becomes almost impossible to face such illusions again.”

In his previous life, when Li Fan’s original self came here with Han Yi and Ximen Yue, the guide did not explain things in such detail.

“It seems that judging people by their appearance is human nature. Even as cultivators, we cannot completely escape from this mundane mindset.”

Xu Bai silently ridiculed in his heart but seized the opportunity to ask,

“According to what Senior said, the chance to directly face the ‘True Meaning of Dharma Transmission’ is extremely rare—possibly a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. But aside from seeing some illusions, I didn’t notice any other effects?”

The black-robed cultivator responded solemnly,

“We practitioners all follow the new methods passed down by the Heavenly Sovereign. Hence, when confronting the ‘True Meaning of Dharma Transmission,’ it’s not just simple illusions we see. It is highly likely to be related to each individual’s ‘Ultimate Dao.’”

Before Xu Bai could ask, the guide took the initiative to explain the concept of the ‘Ultimate Dao’:

“Every cultivator, from the moment they set foot on the path of cultivation, generally feels that the immortal path is vast and the future perilous. How to cultivate each realm and choose the most suitable technique—these are things we must explore on our own.”

“But life offers no second chances. One mistake can lead to lifelong regret, forever severed from the Dao. Therefore, every step we take must be careful and prudent.”

“The ‘Ultimate Dao’ represents the final destination of our cultivation as seen from the perspective of the Heavenly Sovereign—the path most suited for us. The Dharma-Transmitting Immortal Ancestor is an extraordinary being whose vision far surpasses ours. What he acknowledges is almost indistinguishable from the truth.”

“That is why the illusion just now is of utmost importance. If you contemplate it day and night, you will certainly gain tremendous insights each time.”

Countless floating lands flashed rapidly behind them as the black-robed guide calmly spoke of the profound nature of the ‘True Meaning of Dharma Transmission,’ eventually concluding with a sigh:

“The path of cultivation is like a road to the heavens, shrouded in dense fog. A single misstep can lead to a fatal fall, shattering one’s path to immortality.”

“The ‘True Meaning of Dharma Transmission,’ which reveals the Ultimate Dao, is like an unmistakably bright torch at the peak of the heavenly road. Its light pierces through the fog, illuminating the way forward.”

“This is the Heavenly Sovereign’s compassion toward all living beings under the heavens!”

As the two transformed from beams of light back into human form and their feet touched the ground again, the black-robed cultivator fell silent, resuming his usual cold demeanor.

A straight, verdant stone path stretched toward a towering black stone stele at the end, which marked the headquarters of the Protectorate Hall of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance.

As he stepped onto the Path of Dharma, the spiritual energy within Xu Bai instantly sank, rendering him as ordinary as a mortal. Step by step, he walked solidly toward his destination, traversing the rather long path.

Upon reaching the end, the black-robed guide spoke once again, this time in a softer tone:

“Present your Derivative Jade Token here, and you may enter. I am not permitted to follow, so I will wait here.”

Xu Bai slightly bowed, then took out the jade token.

As in his previous life, a colorful passage emerged from the stone stele, and Xu Bai strode into it.

...

“Applicant for the Derivation Law Token: Xu Bai.”

“Number: 03. Authority Level: Dao Integration.”

“Please wait here patiently. Estimated remaining waiting time: thirteen hours.”

A somewhat familiar voice rang in Xu Bai’s ears.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 711


Xu Bai's heart sank.

Based on his experience from his previous life, when the countdown ended, he would be directly transported out of this space.

If there was still no result by then, wouldn’t it mean that his trip here would have been in vain?

According to the "Guidelines for Using the Derivation Law Jade", such situations had indeed happened before. It was merely his own greed at fault—there would be no chance to start over.

However, looking at the little girl of the Derivation Law Jade sleeping soundly, Xu Bai pondered for a moment but did not rashly wake her up.

Instead, he continued to wait patiently in silence.

Even as the countdown approached its end, he remained calm and composed, not making a sound.

The countdown reached zero, and just as the surrounding scenery began to blur and fade—

"Wait a minute..."

The little girl, still in her sleep, raised her hand with a hint of annoyance.Just like that, Xu Bai watched as the previously fuzzy countdown became clear once more, rapidly increasing until it reset to two days before stopping.

This time, the countdown did not disappear but remained constantly visible in front of Xu Bai, ticking away like a final warning.

"As expected, I bet correctly."

Xu Bai ignored the countdown completely, his expression unwavering as he continued to focus on the Derivation Sphere above him.

"If my true body were here, I could use a Dao Deviation Stone to record every subtle change in the scenery during this period. Wouldn't that mean I could also record the spell derived by the Derivation Law Jade during this time?"

"Of course, it’s just a sequence of character combinations. To truly comprehend the technique, only the original Derivation Law Jade would know the specific correspondence between the characters and the technique."

Xu Bai's plan to "coax the Derivation Law Jade" became even more refined.

Of course, the plan’s execution would not be immediate.

Another day and a half passed, and the massive Derivation Sphere gradually stopped spinning.

The little girl suddenly raised her head, waking from her deep sleep.

Her exquisitely carved face surprisingly showed two faint dark circles.

She rubbed her eyes and yawned before boasting proudly, "Done!"

She lightly tapped the table.

Countless small characters surged from the tabletop, transforming into a white paper that flew towards Xu Bai.

Receiving it solemnly, Xu Bai did not rush to read the newly derived technique but instead bowed to the little girl again.

"You’ve worked hard," Xu Bai said softly.

"Hahaha, it’s fine! I’m really strong!" The little girl from the Derivation Law Jade yawned again and scratched her head with a satisfied grin.

Xu Bai glanced at the countdown and said gently, "There’s still half a day left. Please take some time to rest."

Upon hearing this, the little girl’s face drooped.

"No way! This is my hard-earned vacation. I have to use it sparingly."

"You better leave quickly."

"The next technique to derive is a Nascent Soul-level one, so I can take the chance to slack off a bit."

Treating Xu Bai like an old acquaintance, the little girl giggled as she waved him off.

"I look forward to meeting you again." Xu Bai gave a slight bow, memorizing the contents of the paper in his hand.

The countdown abruptly ended, and the surroundings turned illusionary.

In the next moment, he found himself standing outside the Guardian Hall Black Stone Tablet.

"How did it go?" asked the black-robed guide cultivator.

"Very satisfactory." In his mind, Xu Bai reviewed the Dao Integration Technique derived from the Derivation Law Jade and nodded slowly.

"Sitting Immortal Technique..." His gaze showed a trace of surprise.

The "Immortal" in the Sitting Immortal Technique did not refer to a True Immortal but rather to an Immortal Cultivator.

The Derivation Law Jade had used its own vacation time and took three and a half days to deduce this Dao Integration technique, which was truly extraordinary.

It perfectly met the requirements Xu Bai had put forward.

Still using [Sitting and Reaping the Fruits of Others' Labor] as the core concept of the technique, the upper limit of the technique's realm was raised to the Dao Integration Realm.

From now on, until reaching the Longevity Realm, Li Fan no longer needed to worry about lacking a cultivation technique.

Additionally, the Sitting Immortal Technique had been improved in several aspects.

For example, when the conditions for feedback cultivation are met, it is further reduced.

The "Mountain Sitting Technique" only grants cultivation feedback when the benefactor’s cultivation level has progressed significantly, and only if the favor shown to the cultivator has reached a certain threshold.

However, the "Sitting Immortal Technique" is different.

Even a casual piece of guidance, as long as there is a [causal connection], will generate a trace of corresponding cultivation feedback once the other party's cultivation improves. This feedback will nourish the practitioner of the "Sitting Immortal Technique." Even if the "favor" is minimal, the feedback cultivation will be almost negligible, barely worth mentioning. Nevertheless, it still exists.

As the saying goes: "A drop of kindness should be repaid with a drop of kindness."

Moreover, the "Sitting Immortal Technique" further strengthens the bond between the practitioner and the recipients of their favor.

Anyone who receives Li Fan's kindness will establish a "causal connection", allowing Li Fan to sense them through an ethereal link.

The deeper the kindness, the stronger the connection.

A monumental kindness, such as "Passing on Dharma", would almost make the connection as profound as the [Formless Killing Intent], as if experiencing it personally.

Li Fan can further utilize the continuous stream of feedback cultivation to deepen the causal bond with the beneficiary cultivator.

Once the connection reaches a certain level, it can even disregard spatial distance and exert a degree of spiritual influence.

Xu Bai was thoroughly impressed by the various mystical aspects of the [Sitting Immortal Technique], his heart surging with emotion.

"Even if it doesn’t truly compare to true immortal arts, it can still be called a genuine [True Mysterious Creation Art]!"

While his heart was filled with excitement, the thought of claiming the Derivation Law Jade for himself once again inevitably arose.

"Brother Li? Brother Li!"

In the vast white fog, the sound of someone calling pulled Li Fan back to his senses.

"Did you hear any strange sounds nearby?" Huangfu Song asked.

Li Fan pretended to listen intently, then shook his head after a while.

"Distinguishing the strange sounds of the Maze Zone consumes too much mental energy. Thanks to Brother Li’s ability, we’ve already completed two low-danger level explorations in the Maze Zone," said Dongfang Yao, slightly reproaching.

Huangfu Song looked embarrassed and admitted, "That’s my mistake. I was just too excited!"

Connecting his spiritual sense to the Heaven-Measuring Mirror, Huangfu Song saw that their Qingxuan Points had soared to 15,000, and he praised cheerfully, "Brother Li’s ability is truly extraordinary, being able to hear the sounds within the mist."

"No matter how much Dongfang and I tried, we couldn’t hear anything at all!"

"I knew Brother Li was reliable and worth building a friendship with!" Dongfang Yao also chimed in with praise.

Li Fan smiled and was about to speak when his expression suddenly grew tense.

He looked sharply in a particular direction within the white mist. After a brief moment, his face changed slightly.

"Danger! Dodge immediately!"

As he spoke, he seized control of the Samantabhadra True Boat and abruptly maneuvered the vessel to the right, shifting it more than ten zhang (approx. 33 meters) away.

Before Huangfu and Dongfang could react, they saw a massive black light pillar shoot out from the depths of the mist, roaring past them at incredible speed.

It barely grazed the Samantabhadra True Boat, howling as it continued to blast into the distance.

The power was so immense that even the eternally unchanging white mist was torn open, leaving a long, empty gap in its wake.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 712


"This..."

Huangfu and Dongfang, who had narrowly escaped death, were both pale, cold sweat streaming down their foreheads.

They stared blankly at the long, gaping void not far away, rendered speechless.

If Li Fan had been even a step slower just now, the three people on the Samantabhadra True Boat would have already been pulverized into dust!

Swallowing hard, Huangfu's legs softened, and he almost collapsed onto the deck.

"What the hell was that..." Dongfang Yao, being a bit more courageous, managed to recover from his shock, forcibly suppressing his fear as he cautiously looked outside the boat.

The destructive power of the black pillar of light was terrifying beyond imagination. Even after a long time, the Devouring Essence White Mist that had been pierced through still had not recovered.

Moreover, the black light seemed to contain some strange corrosive power. Even though the light pillar had dissipated by now, just looking at that void from a distance gave everyone an unsettling sense of impending danger.

"Hey, how about we move farther away for now? If another one comes, we're dead for sure," Dongfang Yao whispered, after carefully observing for a while.

At this moment, Li Fan, who had managed to maintain relative composure, spoke up, "Not a good idea! It’s better to stay put and not act rashly. Although I don’t know the origin of that black light pillar, since this direction has already been struck once, the chances of it being hit again are...""Not high..."

Before he could finish the word "high," Li Fan’s expression changed again.

He instantly circulated his spiritual energy to the maximum, pouring it into the Samantabhadra True Boat, making it suddenly accelerate and soar upward a considerable distance.

Just as he finished this, another terrifying black pillar of light shot out from the depths of the white mist.

This time, it was even more dangerous than before—the Samantabhadra True Boat narrowly evaded it. Even through the boat’s hull, they could feel the suffocating, all-destroying power of the black light.

Having been frightened twice in such a short period, Huangfu finally couldn't take it anymore and collapsed directly onto the deck.

Li Fan, having just been proven wrong, cursed inwardly but maintained his unwavering determination, suppressing his instinct to flee and remaining steadfastly still.

After that, sure enough, seven more black pillars of light blasted out from the depths of the white mist, almost sweeping across the entire area.

The Devouring Essence White Mist, which had existed for tens of thousands of years, seemed to have been scoured by this world-shattering power, becoming significantly thinner.

This magnificent and terrifying scene left all three on the boat stunned and speechless.

"World-Suppressing Ultimate Weapon... This is the Sky-Splitting Cannon of the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance!" Huangfu Song suddenly exclaimed as if recalling something.

His words immediately drew the attention of Li Fan and Dongfang Yao.

"World-Suppressing Ultimate Weapon?" Li Fan's eyes flickered with curiosity.

The so-called World-Suppressing Ultimate Weapons are powerful treasures capable of altering the course of war between two sides, renowned for their unmatched destructive power.

During the previous Friendly Exchange between the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance and the Five Elders Association, both sides had each showcased one of these weapons. It was said that the demonstration had caused many militant cultivators to change their original stance.

The existence of World-Suppressing Ultimate Weapons is considered classified information within the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance, and ordinary cultivators rarely get to witness them.

Who would have thought that Li Fan and the others would encounter one here?

Moreover, it was fully operational, seemingly engaged in a battle with something...

"Could it be that they've gotten into a fight with the Five Elders Association again?" The Samantabhadra True Boat fell silent for a moment before Dongfang Yao couldn't help but whisper his guess.

"It shouldn't be..." Huangfu Song replied hesitantly, though it was clear he still harbored some concerns. Taking out a Communication Talisman, he contacted someone briefly before finally breathing a sigh of relief.

"Stop being so paranoid. It's just the Immortal Alliance Martial Hall clearing out a Maze Zone. We were just unlucky enough to run into them." Huangfu Song shot Dongfang Yao a glare.

"What kind of Maze Zone requires such a massive weapon? And there wasn't even a warning! If it weren't for Brother Li reacting quickly, we'd all be dead here. It's really reckless disregard for human life!" Dongfang Yao cursed angrily.

"Just stop talking," Huangfu Song quickly urged him to calm down.

Meanwhile, Li Fan stared deeply into the depths of the white mist, riddled with countless holes. Even from a great distance, he could faintly sense the spiritual energy fluctuations coming from there.

After waiting a while and confirming that the Sky-Splitting Cannon bombardment had ceased, the three of them piloted the Saman True Boat and quickly left the area.

"Have you two thought about what items to exchange for?" On the way back to the city to purchase supplies, Huangfu Song opened the Heaven-Measuring Mirror's item list, happily browsing through it while asking.

"I've got my eye on that technique that nourishes the body by eating. Even though I have a special constitution that can recover from most injuries instantly, I still feel like there might be hidden internal damage. It’s not a big deal in daily life, but I’m worried it might hold me back when breaking through to higher realms." Dongfang Yao spoke honestly, laying out his plans without reservation.

"Heh, I've got my sights set on the Tianxuan Secondary Body, the Dissociation Disc. There are still six left, and if we act fast enough, we might still have a chance." Huangfu Song chuckled but didn't explain why he chose it.

"What about you, Brother Li?" Dongfang Yao asked curiously.

"I'll take my time and look around first—no rush to decide." Li Fan replied calmly.

However, when they arrived at Tianyu City, the originally relaxed trio suddenly grew anxious.

It turned out that the Ten Thousand Immortal Alliance's Decree had been officially issued.

Cultivators from all over the world moved at the news. Friends gathered in small groups, and countless Samantabhadra True Boat rushed out from every corner of the Xuanhuang Realm, racing toward the white mist.

The Great Exploration Era had officially begun!

Although those without powerful backers or connections had missed the initial opportunity and fallen behind in exploration progress, their sheer numbers remained overwhelming. Who could say whether one or two of them might defy the odds and stumble upon a place as significant as the Reversal Life-and-Death Maze Zone?

If someone were lucky enough to discover a similarly important location, they would instantly earn 30,000 Qingxuan Points.

To put it in perspective, even after risking their lives, Li Fan and his group had only managed to accumulate a little over 21,000 points! In the face of truly favored individuals, this meager head start meant nothing at all!

After hastily restocking essential supplies, they didn't even take a break before plunging back into the white mist.

It was worth mentioning that the supposedly "cheap" yet highly effective Longevity Pills that Li Fan had "accidentally" purchased had now, with the arrival of the Great Exploration Era, suddenly flooded the Immortal Alliance Market like bamboo shoots after the rain.

Every city's Qianli Hall had them available for purchase.

"I wonder which organization is behind these Longevity Pills—they don't even need to explore the white mist like we do. Just relying on this single pill, they must be making a fortune."

Looking at the crowds swarming the Qianli Hall to buy Longevity Pills, Huangfu Song couldn't help but speak with a hint of envy.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





